I had Crohn 's with a resection 30 years ago and have been mostly in remission since.  Have recently had a bad flare and narrowing at the anastomosis and need to be on medication, but haven 't found one that I can handle.  Asacol gave me such serious body aching and fatigue that I could not function.  Pentasa immediately gave me heart palpitations and arrhythmias so I had to discontinue it.
Have a little bit of a lingering cough from a cold. Not giving me much trouble except keeps me up at night. I heard this was good so I took so I could get some sleep. Helped tremendously with the cough but then I was having bad stomach cramps and diarrhea. I hadn 't eaten anything that should have upset my stomach and it didn 't really feel like a &quot;bug&quot; so I looked up side effects for Delsym.  Now I wish I had done that first because I probably wouldn 't have taken it. So, while it worked for my cough I still didn 't get any sleep due to the stomach issues.
Started Nexplanon 2 months ago because I have a minimal amount of contraception 's I can take due to my inability to take the hormone that is used in most birth controls. I 'm trying to give it time because it is one of my only options right now. But honestly if I had options I 'd get it removed.I 've never had acne problems in my life, and immediately broke out after getting it implanted. Sex drive is completely gone, and I used to have sex with my boyfriend a few days a week, now its completely forced and not even fun for me anymore. I mean I 'm on birth control because I like having sex but don 't want to get pregnant, why take a birth control that takes away sex? Very unhappy and hope that I get it back with time or I 'm getting it removed.
my gp started me on Venlafaxine yesterday to help with depression and the change,a hour after taking them i was feeling very sick couldn,t stomach food or fluids, thought keep it up as she told me they did come with some side effects which would get better,took another one last night and was so ill i couldn,t stand ,being sick sweating shaking thought i was going to pass out. Did get some sleep hopeing to feel better this morning,took another one and felt so spaced out dry mouth shaking ,sick, so booked in to see gp again to make sure i should be feeling like this, only to find out she had put me on the wrong dose should have been on 37.5mg was put on 150mg, now on right dose hope this will be better
24 Year Old, Male, UK ,Normally I would go every hour, even when drinking very small amounts of water or drinks.I took this medication for only two weeks, I noticed right away I would go less often to the toilet, and it was much easier to dispense the urine. Unfortunately I had to stop taking this as the medications side effects outweighed the benefits. I found that I would have incredibly intense mood swings, aggression, feel clumsy and dizzy all the time. Blurry vision. Memory problems or mind blanks. runny nose, weakness, tiredness.I am now trying Betmiga.. lets see
I was put on Yasmin for 6 months to regulate my cycle and reduce acne flare-ups and it was the worst 6 months of my life. I gained 20lbs that did NOT come off easily after stopping the pill, experienced horrible mood swings, had HEAVIER periods, acne breakouts, breakthrough bleeding, and I was nauseous all the time. This pill seems to agree with most people but it definitely did not agree with me. I went on Femcon a year after stopping Yasmin and experienced virtually no side effects.
Started taking it and I slept well at night and awoke early around 5 to start my day happily. But come 8 am and I am drowsy and needed to take already two hrs nap. Awake and resumeMy day with not much difficulties. Than st 2 pm again I needed  a nap? So how was I gonna make it to work and my appointments too ? I went cold turkey. Felt much better after that. Only to crash again. I did try other anti depressants including pristique. But I suffered with insomnia with these meds.  I know I need to start again but so confused if I should resume welbutrin
This medicine is absolutely terrible. After three months of using it my hair has fallen out so much so that I can see my scalp very visibly and it 's very very embarrassing. I stopped taking it and am now considering a copper iud. No more hormones for me.
Intake Effexor XR 375 mg, and lorazepam for depression and anxiety. My doctor added Abilify and I took it in mornings. It made me foggy. I moved it to Bertie and sleep better overall. I have noticed an increase in irritability which equates to feeling extremely angry by 3 pm daily. I 've rearranged my lorazepam to reduce that but need more time. I 'm also having restlessness which almost feels manic. We shall see. Increased cravings for sweets.
I 'm 16 and  I have been on Loestrin 24 for about a week and half. The day I got them (and started taking them) was a day after I stopped my period and two days ago I started my period it is like a normal. I don 't think I have gained weight due to me being sick and therefore don 't eat as much as I normally do but I did not lose weight like I normally do when I 'm sick. I have been getting cramps which I don 't normally get except the first one or two days of my period. I have been really depressed and I 'm not a depressed person. I mean I was crying over the stupidest things like my mom not cooking dinner when I wasn 't even hungry. I 'm going to talk to my doctor tomorrow.
I was put on this birth control when I was 15 I was 150lbs I gained 50lbs then I replaced it and got a new one and I 'm gaining even more weight it barely helps with periods anymore my periods last for 5 weeks at a time now and barely anytime in between to have a break
My experience with this product is a lot different from everyone else 's. I have never had a really really bad acne just a few spots here and there so when I went to see the dermatologist they prescribed me this gel to put on every night over my whole face. Firstly everything was going fine I didn 't see a difference and then after a week my skin had cleared up and it look flawless. However one night when I put my cream on and then waking up on the next morning my skin was literally burnt and my forehead was covered in those little spots which was terrible and they looked even worse with make up on because it was extremely bumpy. I stopped using the gel and it when away but was really bad.
Had the Liletta inserted in November. The process overall wasn 't bad, but I also had numbing injections which helped so much with the pain. Just a couple cramps and it was over. Stopped having a period after three months, and the weird cramps I kept feeling stopped around 5 months. Everything was great until I noticed my clothes weren 't fitting anymore. I 've gained 10 - 12 pounds despite months of a very clean diet, counting calories, and frequent exercise. I also started losing my hair a few weeks ago, and began sprouting chin hair that I didn 't have before, which is making me feel very depressed. I am beyond frustrated and am having it removed in a few days.
I was really glad that I experienced none of the possible side effects. After four weeks I did notice my mood getting better, but after that some things happened in my life (my dog had surgery, a break-up, a hair experiment gone wrong) that I was not able to deal with and I got worse. I felt myself spiraling downward and my anxiety shot way up. It 's month number two and I just switched to lexapro. Hope it helps.
I 've had this implant for 7 months now, I 've had no problems except for real bad acne breakouts. I 've alway suffered from acne here and there but it 's gotten bad after the implant. I have real bad breakouts all over my cheeks, and chin. At first I thought it was something I ate but I did some research and found out that this implant contains progesterone which can cause acne. I 'm planning to remove this implant. Look out for breakouts after implant,
I don 't think I noticed this at first or even realized the pill was the cause, but this pill gave me terrible headaches for 3-4 days during my period.  I am hungry and moody before my period. The period is very light, which is a plus, but I can 't stand the headaches.  It feels like I have a sinus infection and taking Advil non stop doesn 't help.  It 's not worth it.  I would LOVE to have cramps instead of headaches.
I take all types of pain meds but Naproxen doesn 't last an hour before my cramps come back. I just took one and it made my cramps worse and I 'm like forget naproxen. One pill doesn 't do jack.
I am on opoids for chronic back pain. Used Miralax and Metamucil but was bowel movements irregular and felt like I was emptying out was backing up. Tried 25mg on empty stomach at 3pm yesterday for first time. Started having cramps. Called my doc and added a suppository. Twenty minutes later had massive BM over 30 minutes. None after that. This morning, woke up in withdrawal, cold, nausea, abdominal cramps, horrible pain and feeling lousy. Odd as my last pain med dose was six hours before, and I do not get withdrawals that quickly. My morning pain meds fixed withdrawals but was still in significant pain until 1pm after second pain med dose at 12. Seems to decrease pain reducing effects of opiods.
Brief review due to character limit:Inserted: Feb 2014Removed: Feb 2017Insertion: After numbed it 's painless.Week after: great arm pain for 1 week.Year one: constant light bleeding (pantyliner) all year long. Year two: Sporadic light periods lasting 1-1.5 months, then 2-3 week time of no period.Year three: Sporadic heavy-moderate periods lasting 3 weeks avg, then 2-3 weeks of no period.End of year 3 (last 4 months): Prescribed pill BC on top of Nexplanon-&gt;regulated my periods:3 weeks w/pill hormone = no period. 1 week no hormone = period.Bad acne b/c so much hormoneTL/DR (Too long/Didn 't read)VERY sporadic/long lasting periodsWhen not on period BC worked as intendedNot removed earlier b/c didn 't have insurance Removed and switched to pill BC
My 6yr old daughter and I have been dealing with this medication for 2yrs now and now that she is off of it and getting ready for the surgery she has been wetting the bed at night and also getting bloody noses is this normal for this medication? I am at a lost here I need to help my baby but idk how doctors are saying that they don 't think it 's from this medication but I really think it is
Like Celebrex and Vioxx, this caused blood pressure spurts, along with dizziness, weakness, and other side effects. Too dangerous for me to take because of how high it would send my blood pressure within an hour or so of taking it.
I took Yaz for a little over 2 years.  From around the age of 16 to 18.  I gained a little bit of weight, not much but EXTREMELY hard to lose.  Also, I experienced mood swings frequently.  Sometimes getting extremely upset and feeling the need to cry.  But the reason I stopped taking Yaz was because I started to get EXTREMELY BAD migraines/headaches.  These headaches would come VERY frequently.  I would say averaging around 2-5 days a week.  MIgraines run in my family but funny thing is I never experienced them before the pill.  Also, nothing would help these headaches.  I took everything from Tylenol to Excedrin Migraine.  Nothing helped.  Hoped this helped! good luck!
I 've been on birth control for a while now due to horrendous cramps and excessively heavy cycles. And I 've always been an anti-kid-having lady so hey it works for me. So I ended up switching from the nuva ring (which I loved) to the Mirena. I 'm not going to complain about pain because we 're all different and to be honest, it really wasn 't terrible, a little discomfort. But I 've had my Mirena for a little over 2 years now and I 've gained 40-50 pounds with no change in diet, I have absolutely no energy for anything (I work and go to school full time), and I 'm recently married with no sex drive. At first the Mirena was a God send, no period, no pill, no hassle or worries. But now I 'm counting down the days this evil thing is gone.
I was diagnosed with idiopathic hypersomnia after months of falling asleep during the day and very early at night.  It very much affects my life, making me feel overwhelmed and unable to complete what a normal person should be able to do.  I was put on Nuvigil and a few hours after taking the first pill, I began to feel jittery.  It lasted a couple of hours and as that feeling left, I got migraines.  The migraines lasted for 2 days.  I then had 2 days where I felt absolutely awesome - I slept fine at night and had ample energy to get through my day. The next 2 days, I felt tired and dragging again.  The last day, I was tired, depressed, and crying on and off all day.  I am now off the medication.
I 've taken a lot of medications. I was prescribed latuda and it wasnt a very good experience. I couldn 't even sit down to watch a movie without feeling jittery and needing to be on the go. When it was bed time my legs were so restless I couldn 't sleep. I would lay in bed kicking my legs non stop. I 'll never take this again.
I 'm 35 years old with 4 kids. I got aubra birth control pills from planned parenthood. The first week was fantastic but on my second week, I noticed some acne or rashes on my forehead. By the end of the second week, it spread all over my FACE and CHEST
The medicine worked great to counter my sinusitis and I was breathing better after just one dose. But the side effects are almost unbearable. Nausea, dizziness, headache, lightheaded, dry mouth and constipation. The dizziness and lightheadedness kicks in after about an hour of taking the pill and lasts for about 5 hours. Very difficult to function normally and trying to work while taking this medicine. 
Although I  loved the fact that this drug allowed me to have fewer periods, however the affect it had extreme mood swings, decrease sex drive, my personailty and my appetite was astronomical.
After a few days of use I had such horrible itching it prevented me from sleeping. The itching took about a week after discontinued use to subside.
This drug works mildly, not as well as stimulant medications like adderall.   Unfortonately while it mildly boosted concentration and motivation it severely increased my anxiety, ,heart rate, and tremors.   Stimulant medications actually decreased my natural tremors.   My pupils were always dialated as well.  To me this drug is a stimulant like super caffeine not a medicational stimulant.
I was on orthotricyclen which really cleared my skin but my new doctor decided to switch Bc on me to trinessa and I 've been getting more than the typical one or two on my cheeks. And I never break out on my forehead but I started to with trinessa. Trinessa is horrible in helping acne!!
Severe bloating , abdominal pains. When it does work , I get diarrhea along with cramps.  I actually think this made me more constipated.
Yes it is effective as a birth control contraceptive. The side effects I have had loss of sex drive, moodiness, weight gain and an irregular menstrual cycle. I stopped taking that pack of pills the end of January 2014 as of now I have yet to have a menstrual cycle. Something is right.
I 've had it for three years now. I had my period one about every six months which left me with horrible cramps. My arm still sometimes hurts where it was inserted at. Other than that it 's great. I think if you get on a birth control it should be this!
Average-- not satisfied -- symptoms continue
I started this medication because I had to stop taking the oral, which worked wonderful so switched to transdermal. Shortly after starting the patch I had a constant dull headache but thought maybe my body needed to adjust so I continued. On my second week the headache continued and my joints started bothering me and then progressed to body aches, feeling like I had the flu. I also had stomach issues with excessive burping and gas. No energy, emotionally feeling blah. I took the patch off to see if symptoms would improve. Overnight the achy body is gone but still have the mild headache no stomach issues so far. This medicine is not cheap even with insurance and I am now contacting the pharmacy to see if I can return my 90 day supply.
It 's a great birth control... but only because I have had a heavy period (that my doctor is prescribing me birth control pills for) so I am not having any sex with my husband. No one told me I wouldn 't stop having a period.
I 'm on my 4th day of the dosage. Since day one of taking it I started vomiting a couple hours of the dose. Been like that ever since, vomiting and diarrhea all day.  Today I started eating yogurt after taking it on recommendation of the pharmacist. It has helped some and cut down the severely and frequency of the vomiting  and diarrhea but hasn 't eliminated it. Can 't wait to reach day 7 to be done.. I called the doctor, only thing he said was I had to keep taking it or I 'd be admitted to hospital. Screw that I 'll deal with the stomach issues. Good luck to you if prescribed it and try the yogurt it helps. BTW, pepto will make you immediately puke if you try to take some while on bactrim. I dunno why, but from my personal experience it does, beware!
I was prescribed this to treat my sinus infection. It 's been almost two days now and while I feel slightly better, the nausea and upset stomach is too much for me. I have eaten both yogurt or rice before taking it and I still get very sick. It is also making everything I eat seem extremely salty. Even when I breathe, I taste salt. I 've called my doctor and they 're changing my antibiotic to something else. Apparently this one is making my potassium levels rise too high.
My Dr. prescribed this after 80mg of Nexium stopped working but after a week of Dexilant, I 'm stopping it because of the awful flatulence and abdominal pain starting about 12 hrs after taking it.   So glad to get validation here that others have had similar problems since the patient info says this only happens for a small amount of users.  
I 've been on this pill for 9 days and gained 6 Lbs. Breast tenderness, low libido, apathy, irritability, aggression, exhaustion, and clumsiness. I 'll try it for the month and hope the side effects go away.
I had the Skyla placed a month ago. My Doc said I would experience some slight cramping during insertion and light cramps throughout the evening. I haven 't had children &amp; have a tilted uterus; 2 odds against my favor. The doctor clamped my uterus, pulled it straight to allow for placement, &amp; manually dilated my cervix with another tool. The pain was excruciating. I was so miserable that I was holding my breath (accidentally) &amp; nearly passed out. She told me to take Ibuprofen for pain. After bawling my eyes out 45 mins driving home, I took Ibuprofen, but no help. I called the MD back and she said this was &quot;okay&quot; since I had a tilted uterus and never had children (bad answer). Now it 's been in for a month &amp; cramps are rare &amp; tolerable.
Plan B definitely helps with not getting pregnant but the emotional level is TERRIBLE. I react super bad to hormones so this has been a nightmare.
I was diagnosed with GAD and PD, and then given this generic brand of Lexapro. Since this drug more potent than other SSRIs, I was relying on its efficiency to work quickly and with little side effects. I took 0.5mg of this every morning. The first two weeks I noticed an improvement in my mood. But I was feeling drowsy (a side effect) that made me lack energy and feel too foggy headed. By the third week, I was experiencing an increase in anxiety, extreme mood fluctuations, stronger feelings of fear, lack of appetite, and more symptoms of a panic attack. I talked to my therapist after 3 days of this continued torture and was advised to quit the Lexapro. It just isn 't for me. Everyone experiences SSRIs differently! Keep looking!
After taking Risperidone for 6 months to relieve my panic, fear and irrational thoughts associated with my PTSD, I encountered very little relief. What I did gain was the WEIGHT. I gained 50 lbs in 6 months with no change in eating habits. After voicing this concern to my doctor, I was taken off the medication with no withdrawal effects and in 10 months time I lost 49lbs with no exercise and eating a healthier low glycemic index diet.
After 2 days of taking this I got blurred vision.
I 've been on Junel Fe for 9 months now. For the first three months I experienced nausea and occasional mood swings, it helped with making my period lighter and regularly on time. After the first months I was fine. Upon month 8 I experienced extreme mood swings and depression. I would pick fights about the smallest things and I felt crazy for doing so. I became really depressed once I hit month 9 and just could not figure out what was going on. Finally, a friend suggested getting off of Junel Fe and I have seen immediate change in my mood even on day 3 of being off the pill. Did not work for me.
I have been on Contrave for 3 weeks. I am 5&quot;5, at 155 pounds. I think I have only lost 2 pounds. I work out with a personal trainer 3x a week and usually take long walks for other days not with trainer. My doctor recommended this prescription for me because I sit at a desk 10 hours a day and am typically very hungry and unable to stop my snacking. So far, I still crave foods. Not sure when the  'appetite supressant ' part will kick in, because it still has not done that. I have not noticed much differences so I will give it a little more time (until I finish the entire bottle supply) before asking DR. to change me to something else.
I used the medication for one month and during that time my face broke out in acne, and I have not been able to get the acne to go away in a year.
I have chronic uti that have spread to kidneys and 2 times septic. 1-3 uti per month for last 4 years. Bactrim never worked...I am told it is used frequently for gram negative bacterias. Finally a University Hospital lab found it was gram negative E. Coli ESBL. Bactrim is not usually effective on ESBL.
Started trulicity about 8 months ago at .75mg...in the beginning very queasy &amp; complete loss of appetite which was a great thing. Also belching &amp; heartburn/sour stomach. I noticed after about 3 months the effects wore off so my doctor put me on 1.5mg 1x per week plus the .75mg 1x per week. None of the side effects returned...my appetite is back, no queasiness, weight loss stopped as well as no more sour stomach or belching. Wonder if anyone else has experienced the effects of the medicine wearing off as well. Not sure why I am still on it at this point! Also taking 1000mg Metformin 2x daily &amp; invokanna.
I was on this for 5 weeks broke out in hives- now off of it and on Prednisone. I also take Lamictal so she took me off that too as she didn 't know which med was causing the issue. If you start itching get to your DR right away
The packaging is HORRIBLE!  Take a page from Vagifem and work on the delivery!
I have never been so upset/embarrassed with outbursts of anger. The day before I was screaming at my daughter at a water park as well as my poor son in the airport.   I can 't believe my aggressive behavior. I 'm getting off of this.
I have cramps now and get daily headaches.. I truly believe it 's from this patch. I will finish this month then maybe go to minastrin which is less estrogen.. I haven 't decided yet. I would love to just do natural family planning, side effects aren 't worth it.
This pill made me extremely emotional and anxious.
Pros: Lighter periods, some cramping but much less, no pregnancy scares. Little to no nausea after the first week. No migraines.Cons: Horrible moodiness, depression, anxiety, feeling insecure. Weight gain (though less than other users). Painful intercourse.After a year of being on this pill, I went off for 3 months due to insurance coverage issues. While I was off, I noticed an immediate improvement in mood and energy. After going back on, the depression/mood swings started back up again, and I noticed an extreme drop in libido. Though my experience was not as horribly negative as some others, I will be looking for another birth control.
I wish the taste of the sucralose was not so obvious.  Couldn 't wait to drink it and get to the water chaser.  I started in the bathroom 1 1/2 hrs later for 4 hours..no problems sleeping at 11 pm till 6am. Was extremely cold and had chills..tripled my blankets and was still shivering.  Taking my 2nd dose now at 6:30am.  I had to pay $70 for this prep.
I have been on birth control for over 16 years now.  I started with pills at 18 then Depo shot for 5 years, and now back to pills.  I was on Seasonique and was okay. I switched Gyno and to help with copay she recommended Jolessa.  I tried it and have been on it for almost 6 months now.  I have been PMS 'ing since I started.  Breasts are constantly sore, severe mood swings, headaches and not to mention 10 pounds weight gain.  I have always exercised and eat right.  I am definitely switching!
HORRIBLE experience w Loryna. Took it for acne, on the 3rd week and my skin is as bad as it was on the Mirena IUD. Giving me terrible anxiety and mood swings. The acne is killing me
Pristiq did a good job reducing my symptoms dramatically. However, it gave me so much in return, which made my life complicated! I mean 50 lb weight gains over a year that keeps growing every month. I also cannot sleep at night as I could before. I see very vivid dreams and nightmares almost every night! It makes me wake up feeling tired. In addition, I had withdrawal symptoms when I once forgot to take my dose. I had vertigo, nausea, headache. I absolutely could not function. 
I hate this drug. It will not allow me to sleep. Dries out my eyes, nose. I can 't cry. Makes me a zombie.
My doc switched me to this due to some issues with morphine sulphate ER 15mg three times a day.  He put me on the Hysingla ER at 20mg once a day with the oxy 15mg x2 for breakthru pain.  Been on it for two days and am in constant pain at a 6/7 level.  With the other med I was 4/5 on bad days. So disappointed not too mention the cost is more than double for me.  Don 't know if the dose is just two low considering how long I 've been on pain meds  Guess I could ask him to up it to 40mg and see if that works.  20mg isn 't hacking it at all.  So tired of the government sticking its nose into my health.
Took this for about 4 years and had throat swelling, feeling like something wrapped around my neck, swallowing issues and hoarseness. Blamed it on an operation to remove a cyst in my neck but the symptoms were not from that procedure according to my ENT. I  stopped using it for two years and as my COPD worsened my doc put me back on it. Bang those symptoms came right back. I am now on Tudorza and doing better without those side effects.
You 're supposed to inject this under skin not in the muscle.  I have Transverse Mylytis and was just diagnosed w relapsing MS. Been getting shots but for some reason they stopped today and its only been 7 days!!!!!!
I received this from the pharmacy a couple of different times. Each time, I fully expected it to work like  'Alesse ', used to work for me. Alesse, in my past, would quell my endometriosis pain, &amp; bloating, so wonderfully. This lutera, each time I used it, puffed, &amp; bloated me up SO much, that I swear it 's NOT the same ingredients as Alesse. It felt like a totally different god awful pill. It felt like I perpetually, was in PMS mode; bloated to a highly uncomfortable level! Something is amiss with this pill. Whether it even has levenorgestrel in it, is debatable. It needs to be scrutinized on what level of estrogen is in there, too, since generics do not have to be exact. It had horrible side effects for me. Aviane seems to work much better
I 've been on Orsythia for a year and half and I 've had a regular cycle twice! I get it early and it lasts 7-12 days, and it 's just brown, not a true  'period '. Recently I 've started to get the bad acne everyone mentions. I 'm 43 and have pimples on my chin and forehead (never had it before). It has eliminated my breast tenderness and cramping though - that 's why I strayed on it. But it 's just too unpredictable and so I changed to another birth control. I do not recommend it.
I took this around 9 pm. I fell right to sleep with no problems. It did not keep me up at all. I woke up and blew my nose, the medicine had worked. It cleared my nose after I blew it. However, the taste is disgusting and I still have a cough.
Bent over and lower back went out. Left shoulder was already hurting for months. No diagnosis but doctor started me on Mobic and PT. Back pain is gone after one month but both shoulders are so painful I can 't sleep at all. Having a lot of wheezing and just started running fever for no reason. I am thinking I may have to quit taking it.
I 'm on 40mg a day, did take sertraline, mirtazapine now on these, don 't think they do anything to me, doctor says he don 't know if I got bi polar or schizophrenia lol, that 's what u get for being honest. did stop them once for week as thought doing nothing, never felt so ill in my life if that 's a cold turkey. I 'm 35 anyone else on 40mg? 
The side effects were intolerable and it was not effective in minimizing bladder spasms with resulting leakage/incontinence.
My son was 6 when diagnosed.  Adderall finally came to our rescue.  Eventually it did not work long enough, so we give him a wake-up dose of 5mg IR, an 8am XR dose, then a 3pm IR dose to help with aftercare and homework.  This has continued to work for 3 years.  We tried Intuniv because his ODD and impulsivity was leading to threats of suspending him from school.  After 2 days we realized his BP was lower (too low), but he didn 't pass out.  After 2 weeks, his reacting to people was no longer on the calm side, he was emotional about everything, more impulsive and more defiant, not him at all.  We decided to take him off.  At least we can say that we tried, but it just did not work for my son, but it may for others.
On my 3rd week with no improvement, increased pain, swelling, and FEVER exponentially increased, (not &quot;core&quot; temp just &quot;hot joints&quot;) decreased energy, frequent headache, and increased depression! I didn 't know any of these things could get worse than they already were? But they have! :-( Hanging in there because mine is in every single joint and &quot;unrelenting&quot; I don 't really have flares cuz mine is constant daily (and nightly) pain, swelling, the fever 
I am 19 years old and on my third pack (possibly fourth, I can 't remember for sure) of this birth control. The first two months were great! I didn 't notice any side effects and my period was normal. This past month, though, I 've started to notice a lot of nausea and some headaches. Most recently, my depression and anxiety have increased tenfold and gone through the roof. I can 't stop crying over everything and I 'm a mess all the time. It 's time to stop this BC because it 's just making my life a living Hell.
Taking drug for about 5 years and blood pressure stays around 140/93.  All of a sudden started having ringing in ears and decided to go off Diovan after reading this was a side effect. Also noticed shortness of breath, weight gain and tiredness. Now blood pressure is about the same without Diovan or any other medication except still have the ringing in the ears.
Headache. Pressure in forehead.Itching. I only take the the med at bedtime, which is obvious because of other side effects as dizziness, and because I don 't drive at night.
My son ADHD sensory processing and now since putting him on strattera 10 mg diagnosed aspergers is off and on with strattera . I see improvement but after a few weeks psychiatrist out him on respirodone half of .25 . However , not sure what is working anymore .
It definitely makes you go but omg the nausea is awful. I didn 't throw up but I couldn 't even talk or move in bed because I had to concentrate so hard not to throw u . The stomach pain is really awful. Comparison is to like the stomach flu. I 've been taking laxatives for years and never have I felt this before. Especially after reading all these reviews I know I 'm not the only one. Too intense. Like....damn I wanted a BM but not to get the flu with it geez
I had 40+ injections of 200 units of Botox for migraine approximately two and a half weeks ago. The first few days were horrible, as they made my migraines worse. Now my migraines have reduced (which is awesome), but I have horrible pain in my arms and hands that I 've never experienced before. My forearm muscles won 't flex, so somehow the toxin spread rather far away. My mouth is extremely dry as well and I have difficulty swallowing. The pain in my arms is unbearable at times. I do not recommend Botox at all, despite the reduction in migraines. I will never get this again.Also my face looks completely foreign to me and I 'm embarrassed to be in public or make eye contact with anyone.
I switched to this birth control after being on another pill for five years. I 've been on this pill for three months. I 've gained noticeable weight, solely because I feel like I cant stop eating. Even more so, I 'm exhausted all the time, my energy is low. I 'm a very active person and its becoming increasingly difficult to keep up with the work outs. This is NOT me. I 've also had headaches (and migraines) almost everyday. These headaches are debilitating. I 've had to call out of work because my head was pounding and I was overwhelmed with nausea. I 'm currently working with my OB to find an alternative. I 'm sure this pill would be great for someone, but its not the one for me.
I suggest if you 're going to use these patches that you use them perfectly according to the instructions. I had imperfect (but not terrible) use and ended up pregnant on my 7th month being on them. The side effects weren 't better or worse for me as compared with other BC. I didn 't have some problems with peeling and loosening.
About 2 weeks ago I had a migraine that lasted for about 3 days until I finally went to the ER. When I was seen, the Dr gave me a mix of Reglan &amp; Benedryl in an IV &amp; boy was that the biggest mistake of my life. At first I felt silly &amp; sleepy &amp; even laughed a little. Then the next thing I know my eyes are wide becuz my heart starts racing like CRAZY!!! I already suffer from anxiety, I wish she would have mentioned the side effects before she injected me with the meds. I would have NEVER taken it via IV. I thought I was gonna die! Called the Dr back in &amp; she told me to just calm down. My heart rate finally calmed but then I started shaking. Then came sleep. Woke up &amp; felt a little better. Made me feel depressed a few days later. Traumatized forever
I am new to this medicine. I have been on several other muscle relaxers and they never did a thing for me. After reading what everyone else has said about this muscle relaxer I am praying it will help for me as well. I have a bulging disc in my lower back that is pinching my sciatic nerve which caused me a lot of pain in my left hip. 
Works fine for muscle spasm
I have taken abilify for one year. It was prescribed as an add on to Cymbalta after a suicide attempt. I feel it boosts my mood. BUT I have gained 35 pounds. I can 't imagine continuing on a medication with this side effect. It is not worth it to switch my angst over life circumstances to feeling depressed over a continual weight gain.
The first couple nights, I experienced horrible nightmares in which I could not awake from until 2 1/2 hours later when my alarm finally sounded. The next week, my dosage was increased which I experienced severe weakness, dizziness and vomiting. The third week, my dosage was again increased and I experienced the inability to go to sleep.  These side effects caused me to discontinue the medication.
Started at 10 mg up to 25mg. Doesn 't help pain but I do sleep better. Extremely dry mouth and skin since I began 2 months ago. Not sure if the sleep is worth the sore dry mouth and skin that when I rub  it, snows dead skin cells everywhere.
I got this medicine in September and my face got bad then cleared up, but i kept going through a cycle: clear up, get better over and over. It 's mid December now and I haven 't cleared up in weeks. I also have back, shoulder, and chest acne. It did nothing to that. I 'm going to switch antibiotics soon
I started Loestrin and within two months I experienced close to a 10 pound weight gain. I also became extremely emotional and tired. My libido was nonexistent. Just switched to Beyaz
I would not recommend this to anyone. When it came to putting it in I 'm told it 's nothing more than a small pinch. I couldn 't use my arm for 3 days from the intense pain of getting it inserted. Then I 'm told it will help regulate my period, we 'll that couldn 't have been farther from the truth. Periods lasting 12-14 days cramps and all, and spotting the rest of the month almost completely non stop for over 18 months. Then I finally give up and have it removed. It 's only then that I 'm told the longer it 's in the harder it can be to get back out. The doctor ends up spending 25 minutes digging around trying to get ahold of it. Day 5 of severe arm pain.
April 2016 out of the blue after having normal cycles and 5 pregnancies, I started hemorrhage and passing softball size clots. My doctor started me on 10 mg provera and that slowed down the bleeding. It has been 42 continuous days of bleeding then they raised the provera to 20 mg. They worked for two months then started spotting. They raised to 30. Well now I 'm on 40 mg.. I 'm not liking some of the mood side effects. I 'm not sure if this medication is for me..
Hyped me up like crazy.  Made anxiety worse.  No depression help.  Gives lots of energy.
This is my first time taking such a high dosage of this medicine, which was usual for me but I had abad tooth ache. I have taken penicillin before but at a lower dosage, however this new med has a higher dosage and the side effects are bothersome. I do not truly feel it is worth continuing to take. I 'm consulting the doctor that prescribed the med to me from our local hospital 's ER.
I have been on the ring for 2 years, but I am now realizing that my mood swings, hair loss and zero sex drive is from this birth control. I was to put the ring in yesterday but I 'm didn 't.  
First of my symptoms was sensitive to light I can 't see have to wear Sun glasses in my house and outside saying that I can 't not drive long distance vision way to blurry and legs give out not safe anymore... I had a convulsion affter feeling not needing air my legs gave out on me and I blacked out!!! I 've had many other episodes where my vision goes blurry then I can 't see and my legs gave out needing assistance in getting to a couch!!! I 'm having trouble swallowing anything thinking chunky, I just went through esophagus xrays and testing they say it may be the medicine I can 't eat rarely eat in dehydrated but don 't wanna go back to Dr again.
I 've been taking this for 7 days and I can feel it changes me.  I feel somewhat depressed, breakout and angry all the time I hate it need to change it for something else ugh again!!!
I have been using Nuvigil for one week now.  It was working great in the beginning but after around the third day I got extremely tired around 12pm and all I wanted to do was take a nap.  I continue to take it thinking that this will change.  I only take 150mg, maybe I should ask the doctor to up the dose.
helped a little but still have a problem with urgency
I absolutely loved Pristiq - great energy - great sex - felt good. I unfortunately suffered a side effect that I couldn 't empty my bladder all the way. So that meant sleep deprivation. My MD thought it was a UTI, but getting off the medicine and seeing a urologist cleared up the symptoms. The urologist said it was a very common side effect of Pristiq. He put me on Flomax for a couple of weeks... Loved Pristiq, hate that I can 't take it.
I have been on this birth control for 3 months now. Since starting I have been nothing but sick. Every time I eat I 've been sick afterwards. I haven 't gained weight, my breasts have increased in size but are tender. I stopped taking it. 
I started taking Aviane because of horrible PMS while on Mircette and did the three month continuous route. It kind of helped alleviate PMS but for some reason my body wouldn 't listen to the pill and continued to have a monthly period well into the second three month span along with spotting. The breaking point was when I had a total PMS episode complete with migraine and heavy period about a month and a half into the second three months. I am switching to Yaz, and hoping things improve!
I have been taking Ortho Tri Cyclen Lo for about five weeks now. I had some back pain the first week. When my period came it was very heavy and lasted longer. Now in week five I am having terrible low back pains, slight nausea and I 'm a bit emotional at night...not sure if I should wait for the hormones to balance out in the next couple of months or talk to the doctor about other options?
I have been on this medicine for about a month. I was given samples of a higher mg than what I am prescribed and those seemed to work the best. Then, I couldn 't afford to get the medicine from the pharmacy for about a week and had no bm during that time. Yesterday, I took the medicine and still nothing but stomach pain. Today, I am taking it again with the hopes of having some relief.
i saw negative reviews on Orsythia but decided to try it anyway, but I wish I hadnt. I was so anxious and had the worst mood swings. I would get so angry over little things I wouldn 't give a second thought to normally. I snapped at my boyfriend, friends and family practically once in every conversation when I used to be so calm and light-hearted. I eventually thought enough is enough and switched to Junal Fe and finally back to my normal self. Orsythia also made me completely repulsed by food, so I lost about 12 pounds, but I 'm barely 5 foot 2 so 12 pounds is a huge difference. Only positive is that I didnt get pregnant.
I started Contrave 3.5 weeks ago.  At the end of week two I started with the headaches, and progressed into being so dizzy I couldn 't make it to work.  Even the traffic was making me throw up, by the movement.  Into week 3, I was out of work several days because of the migraine headaches, and dizzy spells.  No relief in sight, even while taking 2 to 3 800mg ibuproprin a day.  I finally had to stop the medication, while trying to wean myself off at one pill in the am a day, I 'm still sick all day.  I think I 'm one that just can 't take this medication, and wish I could, because I need the lose this weight.  I 'm 210lbs,  5 '3, at 58 yrs old, help!
My doctor weaned me off of Fetzima and onto this drug from hell.  The loose bowels are very annoying (I had two feet of my colon removed 8 years ago so perhaps I am super-sensitive.  I 'll start taking Pepto Bismol or something, .see if that helps.  I .have every side effect.  I am mean, nasty, aggressive:  you name it, I have it.  The good side is I am sleeping much better than I have for 50 years, and I have a bit of energy which I love.  But my depression is hideous.  Because I have had some improvement, the doctor says stay the course; I 'll feel better in three more weeks.  We shall see
I started Jolessa 6 months ago. The first pack went like I had expected. I did have weight gain as well as acne which I never had before. The second pack was where everything went wrong. I bled the whole entire pack. Yep I 'm getting off this medicine.
I think it was the dosage that was too low given to me
Five years ago, I was close to suicidal with pain and found a superb pain management doctor.at the Beth Israel Pain &amp; Palliative Care Unit in NYC. I HIGHLY recommend them. Recently, I began to feel pain again of the acute variety (am always in some chronic pain), Said to my husband, &quot;it is as if this drug is not working at all&quot;. Went today for my regular two month check-up and told my doctor. He nodded and told me that MANY of his patients no longer get relief with Oxycontin as the new formula (meant to keep abusers from crushing it) does not work well in ER form. I had not had to use more than the same dose for 5 years, and was in relative comfort, given my disability, and now I have to try a higher dosage or change medication. 
I started the 24mcg for chronic constipation.  I took one pill at noon yesterday, 12am today and just took another (11:45 am).   I guess I thought I would feel something by now.  No real cramps or noises in my bowel, it just seems like it 's not doing anything yet.  I 'm jealous of the people that got immediate relief... It 's been almost 2 weeks since I had any movement at all.  Has anyone switched from this to Linzess or are they pretty similar medications?
At first I loved Implanon. I thought it would be perfect, I wouldn 't have to worry about a pill. Well I quickly discovered I was wrong! When I got the Implanon inserted I was still bleeding from having my son, well I never stopped. I haven 't had a real period since before I got pregnant, and that was in May of 2011. I just got this removed about a week and a half ago. The 6 months I was on it I only stopped bleeding for about a week, at the most. So even though I 'm terrified at the thought of having another child right now, I couldn 't handle the constant bleeding, cramping, headaches, etc. Now I have finally stopped bleeding after a solid 2 and a half months. I personally do NOT recommend Implanon!
I had to stop taking this (amoxicillin liquid) after it made my throat swell up and affected my breathing.  I strongly believe that it was the yellow colouring in the medication which caused this rather than the drug itself as I have had allergic reactions to Tartrazine on several occasions and I now read labels thoroughly.  I wish medications could be prescribed that do not have added colourings as a large number of people, like me, are allergic to several azo dyes.
I really want to switch pills, I was on another pill and I had pleasant results. My pharmacy prescribed me this one because they didn 't have the other in stock. It has been awful. My period lasts 3-4 days with no cramping usually. But on Aviane it has lasted 7 days and it 's super heavy with cramps. I 've been irritable and yelling even about the smallest things. I cry over every little thing that happens to me.
I have just had my 2nd implant taken out. In total I have had it for 6 years. At first it was great, a 5 day period once every 3 months or so. After I had the second one put in this changed to having a period for about 14 days every 1 or 2 months...not so great. I don 't think I had the severe moods wings during the 1st stint but I most definitely had them with the second. Also towards the end I had awful stomach pains. I have put on roughly about 2 stone in 6 years despite trying to lose it constantly. I really think that the difference between the two was down to age, I was 17 when it was first put in and I loved it, but the second one between 20-23 really didn 't do me any favors!
Worked well, but had to stop due to conscription, blurred vision, and energy.
Naltrexone alone can cause nausea. Wellbutrin alone causes nausea and in some cases permanent ringing in the ears.  I highly recommend everyone listen to your body. Nausea is the body 's natural reaction to try to rid itself of something bad (viruses, foods, drugs) whatever it may be. This drug is NOT the answer.  Sure you will lose weight, but at what expense....nausea, ringing in the ears, vertigo and dependence on the drug which is very expensive?
It does what it says, so 3 stars. If you like orange oil coming out your butt, missing work, and fryer grease farts, then you 'll like Alli. I 'm thinking, if you don 't have a lot of fat in your food, then it might be tolerable, but I 'm not willing to find out. 
I 've had it for 2, almost 3 years now and I 'm debating if I should get another implant when the time comes.  I haven 't had a period the entire time,  so that 's a plus I guess.  My side effects change every month.  (Ex: oily face / back  which lead to acne one month, random cramps no blood the next month, constant  headaches and moodiness the next,  and so on). My depression actually worsened while on it. I also noticed I began having panic attacks a month after getting the implant. All of these don 't really compare to what really bugs me about this form of birth control. I 've gained almost 40 pounds since being on Nexplanon.  I 've been on diets and everything. It just gets worse. But at least I 'm not pregnant right?
After 2 1/2 years of horrible acne, during which I was on antibiotics &amp; topicals that never ended up working, my dermatologist and Dr. suggested I should try birth control. I went to Planned Parenthood and was put on Microgestin Fe 1/20. After about 6 months on this pill, I actually lost weight (due to nausea at first), breasts grew, lighter periods every month, and no change in everything else. As for my acne, it probably got better about 40%, but still had at least 3-5 pimples/cysts all the time and no reduction in face oiliness. Trial and error, now trying Ortho Tri Cyclen.
I started yesterday 8/2 after reading review for about 2 weeks.. I think I scared myself! So last night no sleep thinking I was going to have nightmares! But I was tossing and turning I think I did that to myself.. But pills make me feel a little dizzy but my start weight is 230! So I 'll keep you guys update! But I definitely donot feel hungry at all! Only starting with one pill a day not two
Significant weight gain experienced within a few months.  VERY tough on the libido. Extremely difficult to get off this medication without significant side effects - dizziness, nausea. I was taking Celexa before and would definitely go back. For the purposes of banishing depression/anxiety, it worked, but not without side effects that make me want to stop taking it each day.
I suffer from recurrent uni 's, this is by far the worst one I have had 3 weeks of anti b 's and still have the infection, I hate Nitrofurantoin, makes me feel sick, tired lack of energy and at the moment I have loss of appetite and a headache and loose and frequent bowel movements. I personally feel I can developed a tolerance for the anti-biotics. Even though my symptoms to go for a few days, I don 't feel any better within myself as the antibiotics pose more problems.
I did not feel any great improvement to asthma.Side effects were numerous to me but the ones that were more to disturb the stomach and abdominal pain and diarrhea,
I absolutely loved it at first then all of the sudden NON STOP bleeding, literally non STOP for the past 4 months. Clots of blood at this point. I am getting this removed immediately.
Works great. Side affects made me not take it anymore
I was on Loestrin before it was discontinued and have been on minastrin for a little over a year now. Immediately starting, I stopped getting any sort of bleeding and started getting cyst zits around my second week of the pill each month (I never had any acne when I was a teen). This was tolerable until about nine months into the pill when I started getting large white heads all around my nose and chin. Bye bye minastrin!
I never use Monstat 7 before and I use it for the first time it made me burn and itching like crazy I will not recommend this product to any one . I had to flush it  out with warm water to ease the burning this is the worst experience I have had with this product.
I took 20 mg of generic Lexapro for GAD and depression. The side effects were bad. I felt really jittery, nauseous, very alert of everything around me,  got headaches and drowsy. I took it for three years but it made my depression worse so  I got off of it.
I 've had my implant for a little over a year. I got it late November 2015. Although I haven 't gotten pregnant, I 've had some things occur that lead me to believe it my implant. I started gaining weight in March of 2016, but most of it came on during the summer of this year 2016. I 've gained 50 pounds withing the time span of having this. My daily routines have remained the same, and throughout most of my life, I 've been the same weight or around it. This weight gain is rediculously dramatic. I 've also had migraines pretty bad for 5+ years that Only last for about 10 hours at most. I 've had a constant migraine, dizziness, blurry eyes, etc for a week and a half straight. It 's never been like this so I believe it 's my implant.
I was on the Fentanyl Patches for approx. 3 months. The 1st month was good, though no patch ever lasted 3 days. My doc updated my script to changing them every 48 hrs. By the third month, no patch was lasting more than 30hrs, and I was going through withdrawals so bad on the 2nd day that I have been switched to methadone pills for pain. I also had trouble with the patches staying on during showers. 
My doctor has me on FLexeril 10 mg 3 times a day but it doesn 't work for me. I have been taking it for 2 weeks now he wants to up my dose. To 20 mg 3 times a day that sounds like a lot to me.
Currently taking 16mg of Medrol once a day as part of undergoing IVF, although I 've taken it in the past at smaller doses to help with my chronic, moderately-severe asthma, which worsens in winter.  While I love prednisone for what it does in helping me breathe (and hopefully in successfully helping me achieve motherhood), I hate its side effects.  For me, the biggest problem is the anxiety (though weight gain isn 't fun).  I already have an underlying anxiety disorder, but taking this, especially in higher doses makes me feel truly &quot;crazy.&quot;  Panic at unbearable levels, insomnia, sweaty, clammy hands and feet, racing heart, irrational/inconsolable....the whole nine yards.  I use it strictly as a last (or only) resort and not without caution.
I was taken off Invokamet and started Kombiglyze/metformin and my normal waking sugar has usually been a little high (140-180) but after being on this it 's in the 200 's and 300 's waking and stays high most of the day (even with small doses of humalog). It 's been crazy and am looking at changing to something different now :/
I have taken Contrace for a month now. The first week I saw decreased appetite but not so much after that. Went to my first month weigh in and lost 1 pound. My doctor wants me to stay on it for 3 months, I am game! Hope month 2 will be better!
So, I wanted to share this experience, for anyone thinking of trying the Mylan generic Bupropion. The first three days were really beneficial, the only side effects being a slight headache, muscle pain, and a bit of dizziness. I was happy, energetic, and socially enjoyable. Then around days 4-5 where I am now, I feel totally overwhelmed, angry and out of control. I have not experienced this before. My working memory is garbage, and I 'm a high functioning college student with a near photographic memory. This is the most terrifying part. Insomnia and vivid nightmares set in yesterday. I constantly feel like puking, I have no energy, I can 't talk strait.
I had been on Wellbutrin, which worked great for me but my insurance would not cover the cost and my insurance does cover Celexa so my Dr. switched me to Celexa to see if it would work for me. The first 2 weeks I felt great! I had tons of energy and just felt really good. I did have some mild nausea but not something that I couldn 't handle. After 2 weeks I started feeling extremly tired and went from sleeping 6-7 hours per night (the most I have ever slept at night) to sleeping 10 hours a night. I also feel really tired and just blah all day. I got to the point that I just feel numb and stopped caring about anything. Dishes and laundry piled up, don 't care. Family needs dinner, don 't care. Needless to say I will be switching meds!
Suicidal thoughts
I started taking this after being on lo loestrin fe for a year. I have incredibly painful periods and wanted some relief... However, after starting this birth control I have gained about 7-10 pounds and gone up a couple clothes sizes. NONE of my clothes fit and my breasts have gone up a cup size. On my small frame, the weight gain is significant!! It looks like I am 4 months pregnant, and considering I have been on this pill for 3 months and not gotten my period, I 've been freaking out. Pregnancy tests say I 'm all clear, but I am having all the negative pregnancy symptoms. I also have had decreased sex drive and it is causing strain in my relationship... I 'm getting off this pill and never looking back!!
I got it inserted June 5th of this year, my mood has been very irritable since then. I either cry all day or yell at everyone. its very good at preventing pregnancy but I have been on my period for about 3 weeks (mainly consisting of spotting but still!) Acne has been a problem , so have migraines. Once I hit 3 months I will be getting it removed unless the side effects stop.
Took 4 pills in one go. oops. dont take them all in one go. It ruins you. I chundered at work. In the first aid room sink. Hello again nandos sunset burger. I only saw you 2 hours ago. This medication is tough. only if youre  'ard. I am not that.
This medicine was horrible for me. Not only did it not help - it made my symptoms worse! The whole time I was on Lamictal, I was a raving lunatic and it brought my friends and family to their wit 's end.  I was dizzy all the time and never felt hungry. My hormones were all out of whack, causing my periods to be irregular and horrific. It also messed with my birth control and I wound up pregnant - a pregnancy that later failed due to further complications. I know this medicine works for some people but it 's not a miracle for everyone. I was on it for about 4 or 5 months.
So I have had Nexplanon for 2 years 3 months. I had it inserted 3 months after my son was born and I was breastfeeding so hadn&rsquo;t had a period since having him. The no periods continued up until a week ago when I got a normal type period. At this point I would say that I am still breastfeeding although it&rsquo;s just one small feed a night. I am now on day 9 since this period stated and I am still randomly spotting fresh blood... my theory is that the breastfeeding has been suppressing my period and now that has almost stopped they have returned.. although by the looks of things between that and the Nexplanon they are all over the place.
My experience with Skyla ended terribly. Two weeks ago I would have recommended Skyla to anyone. My periods were light and very little cramping. Last week I discovered I was pregnant. After being in and out of the ER all weekend I found out it was an ectopic pregnancy.  I rate this 3 out of 10 because this exact incident is listed as a possibility in the warnings for the product. I never expected to be included in that unlikely statistic and can honestly say it was a very traumatizing experience.
Starting taking this bc after norethindrone was making me feel &quot;empty&quot; inside and I honestly did not like it. I 'm a healthy 28 year old who doesn 't smoke or drink and it caused me to constantly feel nauseous that 's the main reason I decided to switch to something else and even when I would take it at 10pm I was still nauseous all day, I started breaking out a lot but my skin would clear up completely once I would take the inactive pills, I was also extremely hungry all the time and once I would start the inactive pills I would have my usual apetite back again. PROS: my period was lighter. I gave the birth control 3 months just to see if the side effects would go away but they did not..had my doctor switch me to a lower dose bc.
I was put on blood thinners due to a PE and had heavy periods that were leading to anemia. I needed something non-hormonal to stop the blood. Mirena was reco 'd as it contains the hormone in your uterus rather than bloodstream. The first month, my period lasted a while, but was overall lighter. 2nd month, I had a super light period. 3rd month...unexpected heavy bleeding, but I wasn 't clotting, so I didn 't think anything of it. 4th day in...clots between golf ball and baseball size. Doc couldn 't find strings. I had to get a depo provera shot because it was assumed it came out in a clot. Ultrasound today revealed it is still in there, but strings are not visible. I will probably have it taken out because as others have mentioned, the sciatica.
I have never been more exhausted in my life while on this birth control pill. I was diagnosed with endometriosis and have now been on this pill for 2 months. I am still moody, constantly tired, feel the dull pain in my lower stomach and have had breakthrough bleeding already. The bloating is awful and my breasts are so swollen and tender that I can 't stand to wear a bra. I was on Seasonale before and did not have these side effects whatsoever so will hopefully be going back to that now that this pill has completely changed me as a person!
I have &quot;white coat syndrome&quot;, therefore my gyno felt that the mini pill made sense due to high blood pressure. I originally wanted a combo birth control to help with acne. I asked her about side effects and I guess I could have researched more, but since she said it was the only option besides an iud. I 've been on it for 7 weeks now and at first the mini pill was wonderful. My period was shorter and less cramping. Since then, my skin has been broken out since it increases oil production. I look terrible. I can 't have sex since I 've been bleeding for 2 weeks since my period started. It 's not breakthrough bleeding- it 's like another period. My mood isn 't effected, but I feel less confident because I 'm either retaining water or gaining weight.
Bad side effects for 2 weeks when starting this medicine. Tolerated it fairly well for a couple months. I was on 50mg, then 100 mg. It did raise my blood pressure. No libido issues like I had when on Efexxor.  It did nothing for my fibromyalgia and it took me a few weeks to stop it. Coming off the Pristiq was was worse than starting it. Very nasty headaches everyday. It also made my hair fall out at an alarming rate. Handfuls. My hair stopped falling out about a month after I stopped the Pristiq.
I just took my first gabapentin this evening for my fibromyalgia. I am feeling extremely disoriented and groggy. I only took one and can 't imagine taking 2 tomorrow, then 3 after that.  It has helped with the pain, but I feel like I am not mentally clear. I pray this will finally be the miracle I have been searching for, for many many years.
I 've had the implant for nearly two years and while it has done its job and kept me free of pregnancy, I 've menstruated every couple DAYS from this thing.  I menstruate at least three times a month, full cycles not &quot;spotting.&quot;  My doctor told me it would even out after six months, but clearly that didn 't happen.  The few times I had a week or so where I was free of blood, my next period was super heavy and lasted well over a week.  It totally killed my sex drive on top of making me bleed like a stuck pig.  I kept it this long out of laziness, and the idea of an IUD makes me queasy.  Tomorrow it 's coming out, and the IUD is going in.  Queasiness aside, I 'm spending a goddamn fortune on tampons and pads.
Yes, it lowered my blood pressure.  I had, and still do, a persistent lingering dry cough, which led to many visits to the doctor 's office: spirometry, chest xray, antibiotics, and more, to rule out any other reason for the cough.  And I did hear from one of my co-workers later that her father had a similar experience, cough after taking Diovan.  
I was on Metformin (1000mg twice a day) and my A1C pretty much stayed at 6.0 to 6.2.  Then another doctor (a flight surgeon) advised me to switch to Janumet 50/500 twice a day because he felt I was taking too much Metformin.  Now my A1C is up to 6.4 and my glucose has jumped to the 240-250 range after a light breakfast (V8, low carb cereal and coffee).  So next week I am going back to discuss other options with my regular doctor.
Not good, it 's been a week since injection # 3 and my knee is worse and can hardly walk this morning. I have more swelling and the pain has gradually gotten worse with each injection. Waiting and hoping for delayed relief.
Flow is good. Side effects (ejaculatory problems - retrograde or nothing) are real bad.
I have had so much problems with this pill. Since I have taken it I feel like I am pregnant when I know I am not. I have lost a lot of weight on it though. It really didn 't help me. I have been bleeding for 3 months now with it. But everyone 's body is different.
Helps for the first day, then symptoms return. Starting Zyrtec now.
I 've just started using Levemir Flextouch.  I only use it at bedtime.  Morning. sugars are 278 or higher.  I 'm up to 60 units so I 'm concerned.
My daughter just turned 7 years old and we started her on Vyvanse about 2 months ago as she was diagnosed with ADHD. After two months (this week) I called the doctor and stopped the medication as she has lost so much weight from not eating, and was sleeping ALL THE TIME! My daughter never took naps and would wake up at 6:30 a.m. religiously every morning on her own, but after we started her on the medicine, she falls asleep standing up and cannot wake her up in the mornings. We fight just to get her to eat things she likes and to no prevail. I know it might not be the medicine for her and in fact I am going to try a Non-Stimulant ADHD medication before we stop these medicines over all. 
After cataract surgery took Vigamox and two other eyedrops. I have had difficulty urinating and some burning in the urethra . I did some research and found that this was a possible, but not common side effect. It 's been two weeks so I will stop this medication, it 's almost gone anyway, and see what happens.
I have been on this birth control for about three months and have decided to stop taking the pill. I have had major mood swings while taking this pill. As well as being nausea and just not feeling well. The pill is effective as a birth control. But the side effects were not worth having
I started Contrave 3.5 weeks ago.  At the end of week two I started with the headaches, and progressed into being so dizzy I couldn 't make it to work.  Even the traffic was making me throw up, by the movement.  Into week 3, I was out of work several days because of the migraine headaches, and dizzy spells.  No relief in sight, even while taking 2 to 3 800mg ibuproprin a day.  I finally had to stop the medication, while trying to wean myself off at one pill in the am a day, I 'm still sick all day.  I think I 'm one that just can 't take this medication, and wish I could, because I need the lose this weight.  I 'm 210lbs,  5 '3, at 58 yrs old, help!
I was on Apri for probably little over a year, and my side effects started progressively getting worse. I went from being nice to instant bad for no reason. My migraines got worse (almost every day) and sex drive went way down. I just got off this pill and went on Loestrin.
Seasonique worked well as a birth control. I had no spotting or bleeding during the 3 months I took it. However, it made me very emotional and moody. Also Seasonique made me break out which I normal don 't. 
I 'm 20 years old, I 've been on Yasmin for 3 years, and have experienced horrible side effects. It 's GREAT for acne, weight loss and actual birth control, but my mood swings are CRAZY. Before starting this pill, I was a very happy, positive person. After taking this pill I 've become crazy, anxious, depressed, upset and stressed out over the tiniest things (causing major fights with my boyfriend) at all points in my cycle. This is a MAJOR side effect and shouldn 't be ignored, it has completely changed my personality and I won 't be taking it again after this month is over.
I 'm 34, started at 168 lbs &amp; am 5 ft tall. Week one I had dizziness &amp; really bad anxiety. Day 3 thru 5 I thought I was going to pass out at work. I can 't stay asleep. Week one I lost 2 lbs. I 'm on week 2. I increased to 2 pills on Saturday. Earlier today (Monday) my coworkers said I was acting weird &amp; I felt anxious again. I took my 2nd pill at 8 pm. It is now 5:20 am. I woke up at 2:45 feeling dizzy &amp; very anxious like panic attack anxious. I am tired, nauseated and dizzy. I don 't see how I 'm supposed to go to work. I 'm seriously considering going off this medicine. Pros: it really did cut out cravings, I eat A LOT less, I drink more water &amp; it 's easier to make better choices Cons: Anxiety, lightheadedness, dizziness, nausea, insomnia
I got diagnosed with ADHD and this is my first medicine. It helps me focus but the side effects make me miserable. I 'm starving right now but I don 't want to eat and my throat is dry. I can 't sleep and this side effect makes it worse because I have asthma and severe allergies so I can 't sleep and I have twitches bad. I twitch my left shoulder blade a lot now and sometimes it wont stop.
I 'm so all over the place with this birth control. I 'm 19 years old, and currently started on my 2nd month. During the first month I had severe mood swings with extreme bought of depression and rage. To the point if someone accidentally bumped into me at the store, I wanted to engage in a physical altercation. My acne was also increasingly horrible for about a week. However, now my mood has stabilized (except I 'm still susceptible to depression easily) as well as my acne. BUT I HAVE STARTED LACTATING! Yes, lactating. I have had the breast tenderness throughout being on the pill but yesterday I actually started noticing milk out of one of my breasts so far. I 'm so concerned. This is not something I was warned about.. I 'm not sure what to do
I have been on this medicine since October 22, today is November 15. My appetite feels more controlled throughout the day, but I am only down two pounds. I have experienced serious nausea, vomiting and lightheaded episodes. All of the reading I have done, several people say stick with it and it will subside. I am going to stay with it as long as I can and hope that the side effects decrease, or at best go away completely. Because I typically feel this way everyday, I have very little energy and do not want to work out. I have tried drinking tons of water (which is helpful anyway), protein snacks, carbs snacks (crackers or toast) in an effort to stop the nausea. Unfortunately, nothing seems to help but time and waiting it out.
I was on the depo for about 5 years. I stopped taking it February of 2015 and then I got pregnant in July of 2015. The reason why I stopped taking it was to give my body a break. You shouldn 't not have a period that 's part of being a woman but I liked the idea. I only got on the shot because I had really bad migraines and really bad cramps. It all went away when I got my first shot. So that was all good. But then I started taking the shot after I had my daughter and it 's been the worst experience yet. I was without the shot for almost a year and when I started taking it again I had extreme anxiety (I still do I just stopped taking the shot) I have had weight loss and gain. mood swings and depression. Wouldn 't take this shot again.
Well my experience with this is ok it was good because I had no cramps with my period it was lighter and shorter my cyst didn 't bother me anymore. And all that was great but I gained weight like15-20 lbs. If I forgot a pill I would get my period I also developed a lil hair on my face I, stopped taking them 2days ago and my period is back again second one in ten days
I went on Costentyx after a miscommunication with the amount of time I needed to be off Embril, I started my 5 week  dose and continued for 6 months, in that time my psoriasis was completely clear but the side effects were horrendous, hives hotspots breakouts of psoriasis on arms and legs exczema on my hands and feet. The two weeks following my injections I would itch and breakout in hives.  The customer support was non existent I managed to find more information from the US support. I fianally went off it in October 2015 and still dealt with the side effects exczema and some itching. I have spoke to the nurse and was not impress with their knowledge of the drug, Embril had a much better support line!
Luvox did help with my depression and anxiety symptoms but it had an extreme sedative effect on me. Unfortunately my doctor did not realize my extreme fatigue was caused by this medicine and I spent money on sleep studies, blood tests and various medications trying to figure out why I was so tired. I could get through my work day but I would crash. I was sleeping 4 hours after work, getting up to make dinner and then returning to bed. I was so frustrated, feeling like I was missing out on life. I wasn 't depressed because of chemical imbalance, but because I felt like I didn 't have a life. I saw a different doctor and as soon as he took me off Luvox, my energy returned. Definitely not the right medicine for me.
The first few days on 1 mg in the morning, he was so tired in the afternoon, but by the 5th day he was doing better.  At 2 mg, it started over but never faded.  After 3 weeks, the Dr. suggested taking it at night, but it was no better.  He would fall asleep on his desk after lunch, in the car or on the cough after school, and just completely lost his personality.  He was calm, and could focus better, but he never laughed, was never silly, barely played, it was awful.  We tried going back to 1 mg but had more trouble focusing again, so we tried 1mg in the morning and 1 in the evening.  But he was still a little zombie.  SO we gave up.  I 'd rather have him bouncing off the walls than too tired to laugh and play.
I took this medicine for several months.  There definitely was a cough, it also affected my sinuses.  Then I started developing headaches.  I thought it was viral in nature but this continued on for 2 months.  Then my hair started to fall out and I stopped taking this medicine.  Took several days for it to leave my system and I feel much better without it.
Wow. I am so nauseated took my first dose today at 3pm. It 's 7:22 am woke up vomiting. I am a little scared of this product but I will continue to take shots at .6 at least for one week. Saxsenda seems to be a powerful weight loss product. I will write another review in one week. I am at 288 lbs. My goal is to drop under 200 . I will be OK if I can reach 180 lbs. And train myself to stay on a strict died on my own..
I used Bactrim and it cleared up my symptoms perfectly for about 2 days. Then I got a terrible yeast infection.
I 'm almost 29, no children. I decided to have it inserted because everyone I know that had the procedure done has loved it. I swear I 'm the black sheep. It was the most awful pain I 've ever experienced! I almost vomited and passed out. I had to stay almost an hour after the insertion because of the pain and faintness. I cramped horribly with hardly any spotting for a few days after.The cramps became minimal and bleeding stopped within 2 days. I keep experiencing crippling cramps associated with cold sweats and nausea.  I 've gained weight, I 've lost my sex drive, my nipples ALWAYS hurt and I look pregnant. I 'm considering having it removed.
I have been taking 25 mg of Jardiance each day for 4 months. I pee constantly, have to get up through the night to pee.  I am always thirsty and I drink a lot.  I too have noticed an increase in sugar cravings.  Eye doc found a hole in my retina last week and I had laser surgery to repair it.  I also have a constant yeast infection which is very uncomfortable.  I do not want to take this drug anymore but my pancreas does not work correctly since I had a tumour 25 years ago.  I am going to try to eliminate all sugar from my diet to see if my BS is ok.
I had unprotected sex March 20th &amp; March 21th went to go buy plan b but they had ran out so bought opcicon one-step took it and had all the side effects. At the end of March had a second period I had it the 12th &amp; last week of the month (I can 't remember what day ) and no period all month of April.  I have been cramping and warm body throwing up and tender boobs. I 'm scared I could be pregnant - I have not taken a test yet but will soon and I 'll let y 'all know if the pill worked!!!
It does work, but the side effects can be damaging.  After a year of being on the medication I became a compulsive gambler ( one of the side effects).  I became suicidal at one point. Spent some time in a hospital, where we discovered the root of my problem was mirapex.
I experienced Bladder Pain with Requip. I had a constant frequent urge to urinate. This is not the most common side effect of this medicine; it is listed as &quot;Less Common.&quot; But after taking this I did have lasting bladder pain that did not go away after I stopped taking Requip.
Been on it for one week. 150XL dry mouth. Lost voice. Insomnia. But I was up and Adam chipper and slaying at work!!!! Like being on speed!!!! Went down to 75mg to try and see if helped. ...Constant muscle spasms and a feeling of hypertension in my arms. Heart rate seems higher. Just feel not worth it. Plus did u see the withdraw experiences? Atrocious. Getting off before it 's too late. Don 't need high blood pressure this young.
I took this for 4 months. I had just gotten off of Orsythia and that gave me terrible deppression and anxiety throughout my menstrual cycle.  This pill however, did the same, BUT only for the 1st week. I thought for a bit that it was a fair trade off for not getting pregnant. So I 'll shorten this and make some pros and consPros:Extremely regular period (I was before I took bc however)Only 4 days long ( used to be 7-9)Libido stayed the same NO ACNE ( a little break out nearing period)ConsVery bad memory problems (I 'd forget what I was saying mid-sentence. And I usually keep track of things extremely well)I still had crampsAnxietySelf-image issues Worse visionGained a bit of weightVery manic ( very very happy or very very sad)
This drug is GARBAGE and should be taken off the Market. I was hospitalized with pneumonia. The doctor prescribed it for me when I was released from the hospital. It has destroyed my appetite as well as my stomach. I can 't sleep. I am nauseous every day. I have 2 more doses to take. I decided not to take them. I can 't tolerate all the side effects.
I 've recently switched from Trinessa (taken for 18 years) to Amethia (taken for 6 months).  I discontinued Amethia mostly due to mood change &amp; weight gain.Pros:  Effective in preventing pregnancy, normal periods lasted 4-5 days once every 3 months.Cons:  Severe moodiness and impatience in first 1 1/2 months which turned to moderate depression for remaining months and overall general unhappiness.Increased appetite which led to increase weight gain in the belly (5-7 lbs in 6 months).Extreme bloating in belly area in the 2nd &amp; 3rd month in each cycle.Mild monthly cramping during times when period normally comes. Bone &amp; muscle pain - mostly in knees &amp; legs &amp; teeth.  Cost of medication was high (based on my insurance coverage)
I have only been on Falmina for about 2 months but I 'm switching soon due to the ridiculous amount of cystic acne it has caused. I 'm prone to acne anyway, but this put it through the roof. I never got chin or cheek acne until this product. The up side it besides that I have no other side effects. My mood is good, no nausea or headaches, and I think it 's slowed my hair growth. Most of the problems I 've heard about this birth control have to do with skin so if you 're not acne prone then I would recommend it.
I 've been on Portia (the generic version) for about 6 months now. At the beginning everything was fine because this was a step up from my normal estrogen levels that my old birth control had. But after 6 months I 've seen great increase in weight gain and I 'm eating more healthy than I ever was and I exercise daily. I 'm so frustrated with this birth control and almost stopped taking it all together, but I 'm happy to say I 'm changing back to my old one and hope this weight gain goes down. I 'll never recommend Portia to anyone.
I had implanon put in February 2016 and it 's now November 2017. The first month on it my period was pretty normal. After that it was non stop spotting for a while. Then it stopped a little after a year of having, but shortly after that my periods have been going on every single day and they are even heavier now! My period has gotten so heavy and painful and it never stops. I 'm losing my mind because of this birth control and I honestly can 't wait to get it taken out.
I loved Nexplanon at first, because I couldn 't forget to take it like the pill. The procedure was quick and fairly painless and the tiny scar faded quickly. I had not noticed anything, but my mother and partner immediately noticed mood changes. My mother even told me I was so mean that I was unbearable to be around sometimes. I have since then started to notice that things agitate me very easily and I am quick to shout at someone, where I was the opposite before getting on this birth control. Fast forward to about a year on this birth control, I had my period for FORTY days straight with no sign of stopping. I had to be prescribed medicine to stop the bleeding. Also developed bad anxiety and a ton of depersonalization bouts.
I have continued with my menstrual period after being on Yaz for 3 weeks. This is the reason I started the pill to regulate not to have it all-the-time.
I am a white teenager, with combination &amp; sensitive skin that flares up really badly at the slightest of things. My dermatologist prescribed me Epiduo and I tried it for nearly three or so months, but I found that it did nothing but dry out my skin and caused it to turn red. My acne did not go away, so I looked for other things. If you have skin like mine, look for things with Salycic Acid. I have a set of facial wipes with 1% Salycic Acid and Clinique Acne Gel with 2% Salycic Acid and this, in addition to a normal Clean &amp; Clear facial wash, has cleared up my acne entirely. Hope this helps.
I&rsquo;ve had severe anxiety my whole life but was never put on anything till about 7 months ago. I was also diagnosed with bipolar, so when I&rsquo;m manic and having a extremely hard time falling asleep this medicine works. But for my anxiety, which it was prescribed for, doesn&rsquo;t do anything except make me pass out and not want to do anything for days! It also makes me fall asleep at the drop of a dime, for example while driving! This may work for others, but it&rsquo;s definitely not the pill for me when it comes to anxiety, though for when I need to get some shut eye it works great!
I currently have Nexplanon. I 've had it for over a year now and I 'm not a big fan of it. I like how I don 't have to remember to take a pill but I absolutely hate the prolonged periods... I 'll have a period for 2-3 weeks straight, stop for 2-4 days and start back up again. The doctor said it would take a year for my body to regulate but it 's actually worse bc the current period I 'm on has lasted almost a month! And I have bad cramping with it. Whole point of BC is to be able to be intimate with my S/O and I can 't when I 'm constantly bleeding. Plus it 's caused me to be short tempered and made my sex drive go down a lot. Thinking of having it removed and trying something else.
This pill has made my acne much worse and given me bad depression. I have noticed slight weight gain and worsening of allergies.
I was put in this pill to help with heavy bleeding, well I 'm in my first month I bled every single day from the first to the last pill, the cramping is unbearable it feels like contractions. I called my doctors office and  I was told to continue taking them and give it 3 months but I don 't know if I want to do that. I 'm miserable, another thing I noticed is my breast are bigger I know doctors say it 's a myth but no it 's a reality I never had this issue with any other pill. It 's weird because these pills are very low in hormones I just hope they don 't continue getting bigger.
I am in week 2 of epiduo, I noticed that I 'm getting a lot of pimples around my forehead area. I don 't understand why because my forehead didn 't have any pimples before I started using epiduo. Hopefully it will improve because I 'm really insecure. I feel like when I talk to others that 's all they look at! Anyways, epiduo burns really bad and I have dry patches of skin. Whenever I touch it, it starts burning.
I had been taking Microgestin for over 6 months now (switched from the patch), and I will be switching to another form of birth control once again. I 've gained 15 pounds (going up 3 dress sizes!) and I 've had excessive night sweats.  None of these side effects have occurred prior to taking this pill.I will be switching to another form of birth control.
I don 't normally get headaches in general but when I do, they 're horrible. I took an Excedrin after I developed I really bad headache upon getting off work for the day. My headache was gone in about 30 minutes tops. However, the side effects of this pill outweighed how fast it fixed my headache. I took the pill in the car on the way home and by the time I reached my home in 15 minutes I began feeling woozy. I started to feel light headed and felt this weird feeling in my stomach. I assumed it was because I was hungry but after forcing myself to eat food it only made things worse. I felt so bad that I just laid down early for the night so that when I woke up the feeling would most likely be gone. Nope! I woke up &amp; vomitted shortly.
It gave me a great feeling after two hours, but I had chest and kidneys pain, dry eyes upset stomach. Therefore, I stopped it.
I have been on this shot since I was 16, I am now 22... Soo 6 years. I have gained about 20 pounds!!! That is my HUGE complaint about it! It works great! I have never even had a pregnancy scare. My sex drive is very healthy, my mood swings aren 't wild, I do not have a period/spotting or anything. When I first received my first shot I bled for three months straight not heavy but had a period then never again after that! You have to make sure you 're taking a calcium pill everyday! This shot will be my last, since I am wanting to have a child sometime in the next year or two. I was told by my doctor getting pregnant after being on depo will be a challenge.. So overall I gave it a 4 rating because it is effective but the weight gain is horrible
Prescribed for atopy. No side-effect, but no efficacy after 6 months. My maintenance medications had to stay at the same dosage, so I stopped.
I 've just recently started taking this pill, it 's month two and it 's horrible for me I 've started having stomach pains, constipation, some sadness and  most annoying enlarged and tender Breast with extreme heartburn! I have never experienced heartburn with a birth control pill I already suffer from stomach issues and don 't need this pill to add to my suffering! Has anyone experienced any of this with just starting month 2?
It 's an okay medicine for depression, but I 've had times where I 'd miss one day of Cymbalta and immediately feel withdrawal symptoms (brain zaps, nausea, headache, etc...) The only other medicine I 've ever had this happen with is Effexor. I hate that I have to make sure that I have to take this at the right time of day, because even being late by like 6 hours, I feel the withdrawal symptoms kicking in.
I had the skyla inserted 1.5 months ago. That process was painless- I was put under total sedation and don 't remember a thing. So I switched from the pill to skyla so I wouldn 't have to go to the pharmacy every month and deal with the copay as well as remembering to take that dang pill the same time every day. so, got the thing inserted everything fine except for the fact I have been getting HEAVY periods that last more than 10 days at a time for 2 times a month (oh yea I definitely can 't get pregnant now because I don 't want to have sex). I have had a slight change in moodiness (uncontrollable anger/sadness) and my shoulders and lower back is now covered in acne! Gyno says to wait 3 mo for side effects to wear off.
I had a lot of side effects on Effexor 37mg- dry mouth, constipation, increased heart rate and blood pressure, ringing in ears, nausea, shakiness, more anxiety and so on. I don 't remember having all these with Lexapro or Zoloft a few years ago. At least not to the same degree as Effexor and if there was any side effects they went away after a few weeks. I switched back to Zoloft 25mg after 3 weeks and 3 days in I already feel better - no more feeling wired or jittery. Effexor is not the med for me. It did help the depression, but the crazy side effects aren 't worth it to me. I do have a friend that 's been on it awhile and it work great for her.
I want to share because I read these blogs &amp; threads and find them useful. I was on Nuvaring 2x in my lifetime. I normally have no extreme problems with PMS, acne or mood swings. Normal periods without contraception. Started NuvaRing when moved overseas and wanted to avoid pill-failure due to digestive issues.Pros: Super convenient (1x month dose), Easy to use, really great except.Cons: NO ENERGY! NO SEX DRIVE. Unfortunately to such a level I stopped it due to not having sex. My normal sex appetite back within a WEEK! Shame, such a convenient product.
Took this medication for one day, that might had painful diarrhea and a lot of gas. This is not a solutions for IBS if it just gives you more pain. Do not recommend if you are able to have semi regular bowel movements. It 's just too strong. Gave me heartburn and nausea too.
I have been on Loestrin 24 for about 6 months now and I am going crazy.  I have been a huge activist for the Nuvaring and was on in for about 28 years but had to switch because my insurance wouldn 't cover non-oral contraceptives.  Annoying already!  During my first three months I missed all periods and stared to notice I was gaining weight.  Being 5 '1 ' ' and always about 112 pounds any weight is very noticeable.  I finally had my period during the fourth month but it only lasted for 2 days. During the last two months and now up 8 pounds.  Going to planned parenthood and back to the Nuvaring.
I 'm 33, w/no kids. I 've been on a couple diff types of BC before but I think this one has been the worst. Started taking these pills because I was cramping a lot during my period and they were heavier than usual. It was fine for the 1st 3 mths, w/little to no side effects, my periods even seemed less painful and lighter. 6 mths later, I 've noticed that I 'm super emotional/sad, periods are inconsistent, 1 month its heavy w/break thru bleeding for about 4-5 days, spotting for about 2 weeks before and or even after my period, the next month I may not bleed much at all and the cramping hasn 't decreased.  I 've also noticed an in increase in the frequency of bad headaches and a lack of energy. Wouldn 't recommend Aubra but everyone is different.
I purchased a box of Odor Free Aspercreme Lidocaine Patch (5 count) from seeing advertisement on tv..The box cost me almost $15.00. I was very excited to try these patches. The first patch stayed adhered in place for all of 3 hours, the second patch stayed in place for 2 hours. I have just applied the 3rd patch and am praying it will stay on long enough to relieve the pain in my neck/shoulder. I have applied duct tape over it to try and make the patch stay put!!! I cleaned patch area with soap/water and dried throughly then waited 30 minutes for area to air dry before applying patch. The package says its good for up to 12 hours...thats great if it would stay on. Does not stay on long enough for me to criteque its usefulness. Thank you
This medicine helps me sleep but that 's the best i can say about it. It doesn 't relieve pain or help relax my spastisity. If your pain and problems are only at night this is good for you. I hallucinate a lot once I adjusted to the dose it changed but if I ever have to take more than usual then I start to hear and see things......I had conversations with my husband in the middle of the night when he wasn 't there. And many other accounts. I would suggest you use caution. I have a very high level of muscle pain for many reasons and I 'm very spastic so its not a surprise that Zanaflex doesn 't work as well as I 'd like for me. I will continue to take it while i explore other options. It isn 't a bad medication.
I have been taking Latuda 80 mg for 8 months and am on no other medications for medication induced bipolar disorder which was caused by antidepressants prescribed for anxiety.  Latuda should be taken with 350 calories but when I took the medicine with food I was completely engulfed in anxiety within an hour.  Now I take it at night with no food.  I sleep for 12 hours at night and feel pretty good but am easily irritated.  I had the genetic testing which indicated that I MAY be a rapid metabolizer of this medicine so I 'm not sure if I am not getting enough of the medicine (because I am not taking it with food) and that is the cause of my irritability or if 80mg is causing irritability. 
I used this birth control for about 2 months before I started seeing a difference in my complexion. I started to get acne all over my face. It wasn 't red or big bumps, they were a bunch of tiny bumps all under my skin. The longer I took it, the worse it got. I went in for multiple facials to get rid of it because I never had problems with my skin. Finally after 4 months of taking it, I decided to switch birth controls &amp; it has started clearing up only with my first pack of the new birth control. Mononessa worked and I never had any break through bleeding, but it made me extremely emotional! I also saw a difference in my mood once I changed birth controls. I have always had cramps &amp; Mononessa did not help with those either.
I got skyla in September of 2015 and the procedure was relatively painless just some slight cramping during the measurement of my uterus. I took a couple Advil beforehand. Since getting it I have gained 13 lbs even though I have started exercising more regularly to combat the weight gain. I have also gotten acne which I have never had before. My face is constantly breaking out and I also get it on my back and behind (all new). I have been reading some other forums and a lot of other women were experiencing the same problem but all of their doctors kept saying weight gain isn 't from it. So instead of going to my doctor I decide to pull it out myself. I just had to feel for the strings and pull like a tampon. Would not recommend skyla at all.
If you are taking birth control to help with your acne absolutely DO NOT take this pill. I was put on birth control to help with acne when I was 16, I was on loestrin which helped my acne but I never got my period so when I got to college I switched to Junel and my acne got worse than it was before I was put on loestrin. I had huge pimples that were extremely painful. I barely even wanted to go out in public I was so embarrassed. Recently I was taken off Junel and put on Violere. My skin cleared up in a week!
I tried for six months and would always wake up after only 3 hours. I was great for 4 or 5 days and then would sink into deep depression and threaten family with suicide for about 2 days. . Could never get sleep under control. Made my mood swings more dramatic. Have stopped and gone back to geodon. Just have to put more effort in personally to make myself better to get past serious depression.
This drug started working but gave me the worst case of diarrhea.  Very hard on the gastrointestinal tract.
I have tried the patch and it did help decrease overactive bladder, however, my skin is red, swollen, burning, and itching wherever I tried the patch. Even after 7 days off  on 3 different patch sites, my skin hasn 't healed yet. If this comes in an oral form which I think it does, I may try that.
I have been on and off of Mononessa for about a good year now. I have always had a problem with heavy bleeding, cramps and blood clots every time I 've had my monthly cycle. I told my doctor and she suggested I take Mononessa. For the first week or so it made me feel terrible, headaches, nausea, Lightheaded, the works. I wanted to stop taking it but due to my heavy bleeding I knew this was better then having to change pads every five times a day. It stopped my period for about a good 6 months(which I still don 't understand, is that normal) and then my period would just come back on its own and stay only for about a week. I went off the Mononessa but now back on due to being on my period for almost two months now. Make it stop! :(
This medicine helped my problem - 2 herniated discs and a pinched nerve, but it gave me really bad stomach ache had to stop it right away.
I started taking this a week ago and since then get very little sleep. I take ambian and Valium at night and it has proved ineffective so for. I 'm hoping this is one of those side effects that go with time. It 's hard to function when you 're awake every two hours.
I am 19 years old and I 've been on this birth control for almost 7 months. At first I would get the typical spotting through the pill package and I had horrible breakouts around my chin (I never got breakout, maybe 1-2 pimples before my period). I waited it out for the 3 months because my friends encouraged it. They were right for the most part. My acne did clear up and now my skin is just as clear as before, if not better. Yet, I get breakthrough bleeding..STILL. It scares me more than anything and for that I can 't give this birth control a high rating. Isn 't the birth control suppose to assure you that you are not pregnant? This birth control causes more stress than it does help.
Prior to my scheduled doctors appointment I developed an allergic reaction that caused my skin to itch &amp; flare up. My doctor then prescribed this medication to me to help with the itching, rash, &amp; my swollen glands. The first day of taking it I felt off. Earlier in the day I felt hot like I was experiencing a possible hot flash (I 'm only 29) my face then became hot &amp; red as though I had been out in the sun for too long. I felt light headed, dizzy, unbalanced. I just didn 't feel like me. The next day, I didn 't feel hot though I felt tired very very tired. I also felt hungry. I was on edge, I felt so anxious &amp; irritable. I stopped taking it. I will be calling my doctors office tomorrow. I would rather have swollen glands &amp; itchy skin.
I switched from the Nexplanon implant simply because I heard of a recall on it and I couldn 't take the constant dizziness and headaches .I used orthro evra before and it was lovely but, this isn 't at all. The first night, I felt like I couldn 't sleep with that being said I was up for 3 days with absolutely no sleep, walking around like an insane person. Severe pain (hunger pangs) that I think contribute to the weight gain, nausea and breast pain. I took it off. I tried it again and the physical side effects have faded somewhat but depression anxiety and mood swings are back in my life 10x worse...
My skin is burning.  It has upper layer to peel off
Though it certainly helped me stay asleep once I had gone to bed, it caused me to be groggy the next day and I had the hardest time just getting out of bed. That could have been tolerable, however, if it were not for the hallucinations I suffered once I would lay down. It felt as though people were pushing on the mattress and grabbing at my feet. It was so bad, in fact, that it caused me to have to sleep with the light on, and I 'm a 32 year old man! This ultimately caused me to have to stop taking this.
I 've been looking for a decent birth control for years now -- and, honestly, I still am.  I 've tried the pill, injections, the ring, and even tried 3 times to implant an IUD.  My top two worst experiences were with the IUD and the patch.  I 've been on the patch for two months now...and the symptoms are horrible.  My hands, feet, and breasts have been swollen the whole time, and incredibly painful.  I 've had both diarrhea and constipation, and non-stop bloating.  I took a whole week off work because of a migraine.  Usually I 'm very level tempered, but since I started the patch I 'm pissed off at everything.  I haven 't been able to eat anything in days.  Not to mention, it keeps falling off after a few days.
Have had intractable migraines for 38 yrs-just had 31 injections for migraine a month ago.  Within 3 days I began having muscle spasms in neck/shoulders 24/7.  Went back to neurologist and he gave me Lidoderm Patches (12 hrs on 12 hrs off).  They help somewhat but the adhesive breaks out my skin.  I chose to wear them during the day so I can function at work.  My head feels so heavy that my neck muscles don 't feel that they can support it so I have to lie down in my car at work every few hours to relieve pressure.  Am supposed to have a 2nd round of injections in 2 months but have decided the side effects are worse than my 3-4 migraines wk.  At least I had a few days without any pain before.  
I got on this med due to breakthrough bleeding and periods on my last med(ortho-try-cylen) . So far I 've had no issues with bleeding. But I 've been nauseous every time I take it with a headache almost daily, more depressed and anxious, I feel angry a lot of the time, and my sex drive is almost completely gone. I get shooting pains through my right ovary and recently took a trip to the ER due to unbearable tearing pains in my ovaries. Needless to say I 'm not going to continue this med. Maybe its just me but I wouldn 't suggest this one if you don 't want to vomit almost daily.
I was on this for 3 days.   I annoy sure if it helped the stone or not, but I felt completely out of it.   I drove the first day to an appointment and was terrified, felt worse than drinking a ton of alcohol.   Luckily made it, but then caught myself staggering around and not being able to focus or even form complete sentences at times.   After two days I stopped taking it....I have never felt this out of it on anything else.    Am curious to know what actually occurred in my body to create all those side effects.   I have a little pain from my kidney stone, but  have a clear head again.   Had to skip work 2 days it was bad, driving and decision making was chaotic!
I am allergic to steroids and we used this once in my first flare up after a year of relapse.  The initial results were great, but the episode returned in less than two weeks after the treatment ended.  Worse side effect was a huge increase in blood sugar.  The cost of the medication is outrageous even with great insurance.  
I had the paraguard for 1 year and 10 days it was still fully in place and I was pregnant.
I had the IUD in place for 5 1/2 years and loved it. Then I fell pregnant and everything went down hill. I bled lightly for a week after removal. Then I ended up in the er, diagnosed with an ectopic pregnancy. They say it was ectopic because I had the IUD in when I got pregnant. I will never trust an IUD again.
Awful nausea and headaches that last all day! I 'd rather have those side effects then suffer from MRSA but it has still been rough to deal with as I 'm trying to go back to work.
I was on it for 2 years and it 's cleared my skin and kept my periods insanely regular (I could tell you down to a 6 hours time frame when my period was coming). However, it left me fatigued and unmotivated. My school work suffered due to that. I may even say I had very mild depression while taking this. Not the pill for me.
Was only on it for 4 months to regulate my period. Started out okay and period were light and on schedule. The last 2 months I was on it I had my period for two weeks!! Also made me very depressed, I gained weight, craved food 24/7, and retained water and felt bloated all the time.
I 've been taking this pill for almost 3 weeks now. So far I 've had nothing but bad things. Sore breasts, headaches, bad acne, now I 'm on my period but the thing is I 'm on day 5, I usually only bleed for 4 days. Usually three light days then one heavy. I 've been through two heavy days, I feel like I&quot;m going to bleed to death. I had the worst cramps yesterday. I really hope I stop bleeding soon. 
I 'm 24 yrs old. I got the Mirena after giving birth to my daughter who is now almost 3 yrs old. My husband and I used to have a great sex life but it all ended after getting this birth control. Mirena is very effective preventing pregnancies however this is the side effect that I 've experienced.
I am 58 and have some osteoarthritis in my right knee.  I have had 3 shots now and I am not feeling it.  Still hard to walk / painful.  I will be receiving 1 more shot and hoping and hoping it kicks in???
I haven 't been able to tolerate any drug during the 5 years I have been officially flaring and diagnosed with UC. Despite this I know I had this nasty thing for the past 20 years. To put it plainly, Humira worked for 2 months, then failed. Now Entyvio worked for 1 month maybe and seems to be placebo now. I oscillate between very bad bloating and constipation and then diarrhea. Since on Entyvio I am unable to sleep laying down from the pain, and I have no ability to form a normal stool - it 's either Diarrhea or it 's pencil thin or pebble like. I do not feel like this medicine works and is just another step in the long journey toward surgery. I hear how biologics help people but I remain unconvinced.
I am 38 years old. I have been on this pill for the last three years on and off. I was good In the beginning but after a year everything is not good . I have bad mood swings , headaches, and now my period comes before I even start the last month. I figured I would continue to try it but I cannot any more . With severe pains and excessive bleeding  to a point I have had to go home from work , I wear depends at night because I use three packs of overnight pads in the space of a week. I have never had problems this bad until lately.  I am already anemic as is and cannot continue with this pill. One good thing is I have never gotten pregnant on it
I was on Buspirone with my Paxil. It worked well with the Paxil. However, it did not work at all by itself. I had to quit taking Paxil, due to an interaction with my seizure medicine. The Buspirone made me have anxiety, and everytime I took it, I felt like my brain was getting shocked with electricity.
This drug works well, but must be monitored very carefully and taken as prescribed.  I have been on this drug for blood clots in my legs and after surgery it has been prescribed as a preventative measure.My mother has been on this drug for about 17 years as a preventative measure for strokes after having a mechnicial heart valve.  As she has gotten older, the tendancy for her has been difficulties controlling INR at the recommended level. If you have any bleeding while on this drug get to the doctor.  Do not ignore it thinking it will pass AND be careful with what you eat and drink as this will impact how the drug works.
Completed 10 shots - the loading phase.  Now into the 1 shot per month maintenance phase.  But I&rsquo;ve noticed little improvement to &ldquo;maintain&rdquo;.    What I have noticed is that the scaling has stopped, replaced by dark - almost gray - Itchy bumpy skin where the P is, surrounded by itchy bumpy normal colored skin.   Also since I&rsquo;ve started the drug, I have itchy spots all over - even in places I never had P and still don&rsquo;t have P.
Stopped the cough, but jump started my bowels. Took it before bed and spent the morning on the toilet. All I had before was a cough, now I can 't leave the house. Wish I could charge them for a sick day.On the upside: I 'm just one dose of Delsym from my goal weight!
I will say that from expirience everyones response is different and I 've had much worse reactions to different birthcontrol pills before but I will list all of my side effects that I had from this medication.......severe mood changes, I cried ALL the time ( but I didn 't feel angry, just sad), trouble wearing contacts, swelling of the fingers when working out, weight gain, some water retention, headaches, and NO sex drive....but on a good side I had light periods, light cramping, no spotting, and I didn 't get pregnant.
Levaquin is not for me, even though it did help clear up my sinus infection.  The tendonitis and joint pain were just too much for me.  What they fail to tell you is that with lots of people who take this drug, the side effects do NOT go away with discontinuation of the drug. I now feel like I have arthritis in my hips, knees, elbows, and hands that simply will not go away, and I blame the Levaquin for these lingering symptoms.  I would not recommend the drug to anyone unless their sinus infection simply will not respond to other treatments.
I have been taking these pills for abnormal cycles.  I 've had an ultrasound and a biopsy and doctors couldn 't find anything.  Have to take 3 pills a day just to slow up bleeding.  Has anyone else had this problem if so did they finally get some relief.
After being allergic to all mesalamine drugs, remicade, and built up antibodies against Humira I was hopeful after my 4th treatment that I was finally in remission. Then the morning of my 5th treatment I go into the doctors office. About 15 minutes after my IV started I began to feel really light headed. I had a tight chest and my whole body felt heavy. This out of body feeling came over me and I was fixated on one spot of the room. Next thing I know I wake up to EMTs over me saying I had unresponsive pupils with hives. They said I was unresponsive to everyone around..I don 't remember anything else until I got to the ER. If you start to feel dizzy-tell the nurse right away! Good luck to everyone.
Hyper focused, dry mouth. Both this and Straterra put me into state of manic. Used Depakote 750mg for mental balance. 
The Hair, Skin &amp; Nails product I bought has PABA in it.  After several days of taking this multivitamin, I thought my hair was looking better, but I developed an itchy rash all over my torso (mostly on my back).  I don 't know whether to attribute this problem to the vitamins (and PABA in particular), but since I 've stopped taking the vitamins, the rash seems to be healing.
Like other users I had severe headaches on this, and then the metal taste mentioned.
When I first started this birth control i thought that it actually improved my mood but after a couple months on the pill I have become extremely irritable, I start fights with my boyfriend constantly that end up in screaming matches, and just overall an angry person. That is not how I was at all before taking the pill. The pill has been effective in preventing pregnancy in two ways, one it 's intended way, and two hardly any sex drive save for when I 'm actually on my period. I don 't think this is the birth control for me and I will be switching after I 'm through with my last box next month.
(18) First of all my doctor did not prescribe any pain med or even tell me to take Advil before coming in to have Skyla inserted. I loved the idea of a 3 year birth control with no work as I can hardly remember to take my daily vitamin everyday! It was the worst pain of my whole entire life. I 've had 160lbs fall directly onto the top of my knee cap and this experience was by far worse than that. I have longer lighter periods now which I hate because my period was perfect before, the standard 7 day period and now I bleed randomly and there is no pattern at all. After it was inserted I went to check out and felt so faint and sick I ran to the bathroom and almost threw up. I felt awful and like I was going to pass out. The mood swings suck.
Well I took this to help get the pipes moving when they hadn 't for a few days on a camping trip. First night back at home and I took of them with a lot of water  at 11:30 pm.  Within 2 hours the GI cramping started, and continued and got progressively worse, sweats, nausea. The pipes moving sound loud rumbles started at about 4 am and continued through about 5 pm.  It was awful.. awful. Colonoscopy prep was better. I don 't think I 'll use this product again. I would not reccomend this to anyone.
Was on for 3 weeks, 10mg, until the nightmares and sleep got so bad I had to stop.  Was so bad I was having to take upwards of 1.5mg of Klonopin just to sleep and still didn 't seem to help at all.  Seemed to help with anxiety but the affects on my sleep were counteracting any help it was having for the anxiety.  I 've always had issues with my sleep but this definitely made them worse.  Seriously the nightmares were intense and strange.  Like dreams within dreams, gory sometimes, but almost always sad and frustrating.  Might be the ticket for others, but not me.  On lamictal now and seem to be doing much better (after 2 year trials of all kinds of SSRI 's and SNRIs that only helped a little in some ways or totally messed me up).
The gel worked at first clearing my skin quickly, but then it stopped working and all my acne came back even worse.
My 12 year old daughter was on Vyvanse and had great success with it, but after the end of the school year the doctor and I decided to switch to something else during the summer. After 5 days on Intuniv at 1 mg she was lethargic, cranky and feeling downright gloomy. I also noticed she was starting to stutter. We discontinued the Intuniv immediately.
I 'm on Latuda, the side effects are very irritating and scary! This time my RIGHT leg has that very unbearable (hard to explain) feeling, I fell asleep a lot at work, right in the middle of me writing something, I stumbled around and thinking it will be better if I took it at night, it WASN 'T! I woke up at 1am, having EXTREME panic attacks, overthinking EVERYTHING and just have these terrible, horrifying thoughts! I got outta bed and slipped, fell down the stairs and hurt my arm and knee! I also drooled a lot and had no appetite for 3 months!! But on the other side, it makes me calmer/happier and confident about things, but I can 't stand the side effects!!
After a few days on Nuvigil (after experiencing Provigil) I found it to be excellent for my ADHD.  Provigil made me feel anxious all day to the point I could not run or workout in comfort.  The first day on Nuvigil was the only day I had this feeling.  The side effects for me are dry mouth and suppressed appetite.  It is so nice to be focused.  The worst effect was muscle weakness! I went from running 7 miles to not being about to run more then 7 minutes. 
Took Cymbalta and for a few weeks. It seems to help with the pains of fibromyalgia but I had hot flashes that got so bad it made me crazy. Also my fiber fog got really worse, I couldn 't concentrate anymore and forget sleep, to hot to do that. I finally gave up after 9 weeks and stopped cold turkey. No sleep for a few days but now after 2 weeks back to myself. I guess Cymbalta is not for me.
I have been on birth control for over 3 years.  I too was on Sprintec until they changed it to Tri-Previfem - didn 't notice any changes with my body between the two.  The first month I started taking the pill was crazy, my emotions were uncontrollable (it was scary) and my skin was breaking out.  I don 't like Tri-previfem but it does keep me from getting pregnant.  Skin still breaks out but I don 't know if that 's just me or the pill doing it.  I never really got period cramps/symptoms before the pill, now I do.  Periods are much lighter and shorter though.  My boobs grew about half a size.  No weight gain.  No libido either - my boyfriend hates it but the pill is the best way to avoid pregnancy.  Wouldn 't recommend unless necessary.
I just started this birth control to help my heavy flow and period cramps and when I began my pack, I was happy with the results because I had less acne and I never felt achy or crampy. As soon as I started the sugar pills, I got my period and my cramps continued to be as bad as they were before. Although my flow wasn 't as heavy, my cramps were bad enough that I had to miss school and my extracurricular activities.
When I take this medicine it makes my stomach feel worse. I don 't know if it 's just me or the medicine.
This is my second time having Botox. They gave me 100 first and that didn 't help so they doubled the dose to 200. I have gotten a little control during the day but still very incontinent at nights. Still wear Depends and pads. Very disappointed. I feel lots of pain around my private when I have the urge to pee. Also I experience  a severe tingling sensation  from my shoulder down my arms to tips of my fingers and as I pee the severity lessens and stops as soon as I 'm finished peeing. Apparently, my Doctor has never heard about this. Am I alone here?  Very frustrated.
I had HORRIBLE hot flashes.
I think this is a fine product for some.  Easy to use and never felt it in.   However, after about 10 days in, I experienced panic, tingling, nausea, increased irritability, moodiness and signs of depression.  In other words: it made me feel like another person.  Friends I know have tried it and loved it, but I got the same hormonal bc effects, sadly, I 'd gotten with oral bc pills. :(
I have had severe GERD for over 11 years and have taken prescription Prilosec and it worked great.  However, all of a sudden it stopped working and I was miserable and couldn 't sleep, eat, or think about anything other than how much my stomach and esophagus hurt.  The doctor prescribed Kapidex and the GERD totally went away; however terrible intestinal pain, gas, and watery loose stools began.  I tried for 2 weeks in hopes the side effects would go away but they didn 't so now I am back to Prilosec and pain but at least I can leave the bathroom.
This has been great - no side effects except larger than normal breasts I went up a cup size. I am ONLY switching to Alesse due to costs - Seasonique is expensive.
I started using Epiduo and it was working perfectly. Then one day around my eyebrows started to hurt then the next day the skin was peeling. It wasn 't sunburn for sure because there was no sunshine for days. I put the lotion on it and it stung. Three days later my skin is still peeling, it hurts when I touch it, and my acne is back.
I 've been on this for 5 years and when I started taking it I had no mental health issues, not even a drop of depression. Now I have biopolar depressive disorder and severe anxiety disorder with chronic tic 's. The doctors now have me taking 700mg a day and because it makes me SO forgetful I have forgot that I took my dose so I ended up having two accidental drug overdoses. I have become extremely tired all the time. I wasn 't told that this medication was bad for pregnancy so I have also lost 2 babies because of this horrible pill. To top it all off I still will have a random seizure but just not as often.
I 've been on Nexplanon for about one and a half years now. The first 6 months seemed pretty regular. I had no signs of weight gain, my periods were normal.  Everything seemed OK until about a year into it, I started noticing I was gaining some weight. I started to have mood swings and felt very depressed most of the time.  It got so bad to the point that it started affecting mine and my husbands relationship.  Not only that, but I started to gain a significant amount of weight I probably gained about 35 pounds and a good 5 to 6 months. I exercised everyday. I ate very healthy and couldn 't shed a pound. I have made a appt. to have this removed.
Didn 't help. Made me feel weird. Should not be used in teens.
Seemed to help the first month but after that it didn 't and it gave me the dry eyes.
It seemed to work for me okay. Then suddenly my already thin hair started falling out by the handful.
Saw pain Doc went over all my test, MRI results and did an exam. Should have known he was a Nucynta ER pusher by all the posters in the office. Started me off at 150 mg x2 a day , and in the beginning it seem to work alone with Dilaudid fir BT pain. Saw the Doc 2 days before surgery and 3 months on Nucynta ER I told him it wasn 't really working for me he said well let 's UP your dose to 200 mg 2x a day. I had surgery no issues. Until I started back on the Nucynta ER. I had  hallucinations, loss of memory and violent rage. I don 't remember the last two days I was taking the medication. I ended up in the ER 3 days after spine surgery cause I went into a fit of rage. Pain Doc was called he said it was the Nucynta and to stop taking it. Bad drug
Hi had mine removed after 18 months. Although it is effective the side affects are awful. Extreme fatigue!! Was the worst, instantly felt myself again after having it removed. Put on weight but only because I had no energy. I got really bad deep spots something which I had never suffered from before, some which left scars on my face. I also bled randomly, although it very light it was most days. I had bled for 3 weeks straight when I had it out. I 'd never use it again.
I 'm dying.  I 'm pretty sure of it.  I 'm seconds away from getting a spoon to dig this out.  I think it 's part acid.  Maybe that 's how it kills the yeast.   The burning is at a solid 8 and the itching is a 12 and rising.  I don 't remember inviting hell into my vagina, but it happened.  I need an ice cream filled syringe to relieve the burning and itching, but I may opt for a cool bath. Next time I think this is a good idea, I should light a match made of poison oak and stick it my vagina for a few... Maybe I 'll get the point.
I have been dealing with depression for well Over 6 months and just about 2 months ago decided to go to the doctor to seek help with medication to bridge back to benign myself. I first tried Viibryd for a month, worked well for me emotionally and for my moods but I gained weight which triggered deeper depression for me. I am now trying this Brintillex stuff. I have had severe itching throughout my entire body, it gets worse when I 'm sitting still and trying to fall asleep at night. I 'll be itching my back and legs so hard in my sleep that it wakes me. I have only been on this drug for a month! Totally not worth it. Not to mention the vomiting which makes everything so much worse. I hate the medication guessing game that comes along with this.
I 've been on it for over 2 months now and I still haven 't seen any improvement in my acne, if anything it has been getting progressively worse :(. Can everyone write how long it has taken for yasmin to have an effect because I 'm losing hope.
I started taking YAZ two months into my marriage, and I&rsquo;m on my third month now. Although I was completely fine the first two months, I&rsquo;m on Day 7 of the third pack and my mood swings this month have been horrible. I&rsquo;m crying about every little thing. I even think I&rsquo;m crazy during my mood swings. I tried on a pair of pants today that did not fit, although my food intake hasn&rsquo;t changed. Also, after reading other people&rsquo;s reviews I realized that I&rsquo;ve gotten dark blue veins all over my legs recently, I just never linked them to the pills. I don&rsquo;t know how much longer I&rsquo;ll be on YAZ to be honest, but this probably will be my last month.
This medicine seemed to be helping with my anxiety somewhat, but I had to stop taking it because it was making me extremely forgetful! I would forget simple things, like my daughter had to go to school, what I had for lunch, just things you shouldn 't forget. I felt in a fog..was very strange. I 'm currently looking for another medication to help with my anxiety and depression, so far no luck :(
This birth control was great for reducing my periods and helping with endometriosis cramps, but it has made me very depressed and tired. 
Have a terrible taste and smell making me sicker and feeling nauseous. Also muscle cramps. Making tinnitus worse.
I went to the Emergency room due to a hot burning stinging itchy rash on my hand with what seemed to be white welts. I was also experiencing some nausea and felt weak. The doctor examined my hand and diagnosed me with cellulitus. He perscribed me augmentin, which he knew I was allergic too. At least I noticed it before  I took it. He had to change my antibiotic to bactrim. I was given one dose at the hospital because no pharmacies were open on new years day.That night I felt a slight headache. The night seemed extremely longer than usual. Each hour, seemed like two or three. I didn 't think the night was going to end. I was up every few hours, with a dry mouth. I also had an dream that was frightening,  it was of a friend stabbing me.
My Dr. prescribed this ointment in conjunction with memetisone cream. I had a severe reaction with red, hot, weepy, itchy, thin feeling skin that bleed with lightest scratch. Per Dr. I stopped using memetisone and just used tacrolimus, from there skin dried up and became very scaley, still itchy, thin feeling and painful. The ointment also made my skin feel vey dry.
I took it for fibromyalgia for 4 weeks. Had loss of memory, dizziness and fainting. Weened myself off with the help of my doctor. Withdrawals were horrible. Headaches, slurred speech, loss of memory, heart racing and palpitations, trouble breathing and dizziness. It lasted nearly 8 month. It was the worst time in my life. I 'm happy for those that can tolerate the side effects and are successful on this medication. This is just my story.
Numbness on the leg after injection from the knee cap to nearly the groin and around the side of the leg
I lasted 6 days on this. 2 pills every 12 hours. I had severe stomach cramps but it wasn 't diarrhea. Eating helped a little bit with the vomiting feeling. I drank a lot of water as I felt dehydrated. I experienced insomnia everyday up until 6 am. Sleeping only 5 hrs a day maybe even 4 with an hour nap. My skin became very itchy and broke out in hives on my elbows and upper arms. My lower back and ankles also broke out in hives. The headache is just so bad...within the first dosage I had the headache immediately.  I feel better from my ear infections, throat, nose and eyes...but the hives are still there..follow up with Dr asap.
It doesn 't seem to be working for me. This is the 5th week. I need my rescue inhaler 4 times a day.
I was prescribed this for my 6 yr old daughter to help her sleep. I 've only been using it a couple of nights but it doesn 't seem to be working. I am giving her the 3x5ml dose and giving her it at 6pm and up to now she is still not going to sleep before 11pm. Am I not giving her enough or not giving it enough time to work? Advice greatly appreciated! Thanks
My husband and I decided that the Mirena was our best option since he is still in school and I am a social worker.  I had the IUD placed 2 days before the wedding.  It was very painful. Since placement, I still have irregular bleeding, cramps, horrible dizziness, headaches, moodiness, and have gained weight.  I have had an MRI to rule out any issues with the dizziness and headaches as they did not start until about a month and a half after placement.  It is like Vertigo, but none of the treatments for vertigo have helped.  I think it is the Mirena.  I am too irresponsible with other forms of birth control so I am trying to wait it out and see if it gets better. 
LoSeasonique works fine as birth control. I didn 't get pregnant while on it but it didn 't keep my period at bay for the 3 months as stated. For me, this pill actually worked the opposite way. I had a period for 3 weeks then nothing for 1 week rather than the other way around. And it wasn 't just light spotting, I had bleeding similar to a period. I gave it a chance the first month and the second month, but after that I called it quits. I will have to try something else.
I did not find this medication to be effective. I approximately 3 hours of sustained attention .My energy depletes throughout the day. I do not like the gritted texture nor taste. I will not continue this medication.
I have been taking aubra for about almost two weeks now. I don 't know how to feel about it. I started gaining weight like crazy. I feel like I 'm starving 24-7 and I eat like crazy. I have mild head aches and I get really moody. I 'm always arguing with my bf for the smallest things. I guess I 'll keep taking it for the remaining of the month and then I 'll switch over to something else.
I 've been on lexapro for 1 year now and to be honest as a pill to fill the gap for my anxiety it really doesn 't work. I intend to tell the doctor on my next visit; there must be another drug that works better.
I had an okay experience at first, the only positive thing was that my periods were lighter. The cramping was awful though. I constantly had a headache caused from the estrogen levels so they switched me to something not so high. I was on it for 3 months before they switched me to Aviane.
My stomach always hurt and threw up and got the runs.  Would not recommend.
severe blurred vision, frequent urination day &amp; night, abdominal discomfort.
I 've recently started taking Zoloft 25mg for my anxiety and panic attacks. I 've suffered from anxiety since 10 grade in high school and I am now 21. I 've tried many other anxiety meds and they made it worse. I found Ativan helped me the most however my doctor doesn 't want me to have it because it is addictive and she wants me on something every day. So, I 've been on Zoloft for 4 days now. I know it takes 2-4 weeks or more for me to be able to feel the full effects. I am experiencing nausea, stomach pain, diarrhea, hot flashes, and being kind of out of it. I know these side effects will eventually go away but my worry is how long? I already suffer from other stomach/digestion issues and it makes it hard.
I gave this product 3 stars only because I have a high tolerance even though I am a tiny woman, so my experience may not be the norm. That being said, I had been using Ambien for my insomnia for quite a few months and it was starting to take hours before it would put me to sleep. My Dr. recommended we switch it up to see if another product worked better. I took Lunesta for only two nights before I knew it was not for me. Not only did it keep me awake, but it made my heart race and heightened my already bad anxiety. I immediately switched back to Ambien and I will stay put w that. I 'm writing this as I hope this helps someone else like me. Had I read some reviews like this, I would have never switched over.
I was on Latuda for about 4-5 months, after taking myself off Seroquel. Latuda seemed promising as it has less metabolic side effects than other atypical antipsychotics. However, Latuda immediately gave me severe anxiety (which added klonopin to my daily regiment). Towards the end of the 4-5 months, I began developing recurring and intense dark thoughts immediately after increasing my Latuda dosage. I instantly took myself off of the drug and am searching for a new atypical antipsychotic to fill its place. I know that Latuda has worked very well for some, but I want to add a warning that it can cause severe anxiety. Monitor your symptoms carefully with your doctor.
I started this medication because I had to stop taking the oral, which worked wonderful so switched to transdermal. Shortly after starting the patch I had a constant dull headache but thought maybe my body needed to adjust so I continued. On my second week the headache continued and my joints started bothering me and then progressed to body aches, feeling like I had the flu. I also had stomach issues with excessive burping and gas. No energy, emotionally feeling blah. I took the patch off to see if symptoms would improve. Overnight the achy body is gone but still have the mild headache no stomach issues so far. This medicine is not cheap even with insurance and I am now contacting the pharmacy to see if I can return my 90 day supply.
Recently diagnosed with narcolepsy and was given provigal. That did nothing. Given Ritalin and this is doing nothing either. Started at 10mg twice a day. Increased to 30mg twice a day. This is nothing more then a decent cup of coffee. Lasts no longer then an hour. Need better help for my tireness.
I have only been on it for three days and I am already debating on whether or not to stop. It makes me feel like I 'm drunk without the happy feeling. I hope it gets better because I really need something to help stop my anxiety and panic attacks.
Have experienced anxiety my whole life along with occasional panic attacks that come and go. I was so excited to try Zoloft after reading all these positive reviews but I only ended up taking one pill and I won 't be taking another! It 's different for everyone, but for me, I took 25mg at 5pm and the next morning I was nauseous, was pissing out my butthole and couldn 't eat for another 12 hours. I woke up again this morning still feeling very sick with diarrhea. I would rather have the stomach flu than ever experience that again. I 'm going on the second day without taking it and I 'm still not fully recovered from being that sick. I gave it a 3 because other than that, I felt no other side effects except a little tingly the first hour or so.
Second time Dr, put me on bydureon. Been on for 6 weeks this time and my sugar level hasn 't been below 200 except twice. Lost a few lbs. No side effects. I feel ok but want sugar level back in the 100s when I was taking the another med which was worked great. The only reason I am off that med is because the military switched do to cost (budget). I need to get my A1c check.
My son is 14 and has always been super sensitive to these meds- he was diagnosed at 6 ADHD. We started with concerta- he lost 11 lbs in 5 weeks. We switched to a slow release methylphenidate.  At Christmas, it was felt that maybe he needed something different- his last increase didn 't seem to be helping. That 's when we started vyvanse. I have seriously mixed feelings about this drug. There is some control of the hyperactivity component but he 's grouchier, more argumentative and not really more productive. Is it age and adolescence?
When me and my husband have an accident (which was like only 2 times) I took this pill right away and it worked. Well the third time, it didn 't work so well. I am now almost 23 weeks pregnant, not planned but more of a surprise. I guess it was meant to be but we wanted to wait at least another year to start our own family.
I 've ben on and off of phentermine for about two years. I 've lost 40 pounds before my wedding. I would take it in the morning and eat something light and it was amazing. I would recommend it to anyone. It did have some side effects. I was very jittery and I had a lot of energy which caused me not to sleep. But other than that it was good.
I had a not-so-great experience. I used to take Miralax, but it caused me problems and I was taken off it. Within 2 days I was constipated again, and Dulcolax was prescribed. It was prescribed by my doctor, 2 pills were taken 6-8pm for 4 nights, as instructed. I suffered, to say the least. Horrible cramps that came and went, and the first time I had a BM I thought I was about to die. I was constantly within 15 feet of a bathroom and often got hungry (due to being emptied out, I suppose), but felt rather sick and couldn 't eat much. Whenever I ate, I often had to go a few hours afterwards, and the cramps persisted. Effective? Yes. Gentle? No way. It worked, but if you 're going to use it, clear out your schedule in case of side effects.
I had implanon but in twice, so for six years, with no problems but crazy irregular periods. Got my nexplanon implanted in Aug 2015 and have had a period almost since with a weight gain of 25 pounds. Have not enjoyed the nexplanon one bit other than I 'm not pregnant, but how could I be if I can 't have sex cause I 'm always bleeding. Currently I am sitting in the office waiting for them to remove here in about 5 minutes, can 't wait!!
My mother is on a dose of 21 mg NAMENDA XR and I think it is making her symptoms worse. She is very medication sensitive and I see her CHI as more depressed, forgetful, worrisome and confused.  I will be discussing as always with her doctor But I feel she needs to be removed from this medicine. Plus on a side note it is nearly impossible to get this medicine, although that has nothing to do with her taking the medication.
Taking it for adult ADHD and it doesn 't work.  Still focus in my classes, no appetite and very moody, coupled with insomnia.  
I took this pill for 3 years.  I felt fine on it but my triglycerides went from 120 the year prior to taking it to 226 the following year.  The year after that it was 230 and then last year it was 240.  I tried to research reasons for triglycerides increasing and found that it could be birth control.  I got tested this year after being off the pill for 18 months and my triglycerides were 88.  I have to say that I believe it was Gianvi.  I 'd keep an eye on this.
Have been taking Amlodipine for 4 days now. After first day felt fine, second day had a panic attack on the train to work, shook me to the core and haven 't felt right since. Fluttering heartbeat, feeling nervous and anxious for no reason, feeling like I 'm not totally in my body or in the moment. Woke up at 4am and had a mild panic attack and couldn 't sleep for another hour. Ringing in ears and tingling fingers and toes. Taking this with perindopril combi 5mg, have NEVER had any adverse reaction to previous blood pressure medication. I 'm so scared to keep taking this medication, thought I was imagining things until I researched and found many, many others similar and worse reactions. Have scheduled doctor appointment to change meds. I 'm 20&amp;F
I was on seroquel for only a few weeks, but that was more than enough. I had hallucinations and gained a significant amount of weight in that time. It did help me sleep at night and helped with my racing thoughts, but that 's about it.
I choose Implanon because I was advised it was low hormone, so the side effects would be minimal, plus it 's entirely low maintenance, I could get it and forget all about it. However, in the first month alone I gained 20  pounds, that despite healthy eating and exercise would not disappear. No problems at first besides that. Then about a year after I had it, my periods started lasting two weeks at a time, then it stopped for a couple months then I started getting them twice a month. My arm goes numb all the time as well.  I liked the concept of it, but the side effects are just ridiculous.
I am 18. I have had the Implanon for about 2 months and I now find it disruptive to my sex life. At first everything was great until I started trying to have sexual intercourse with my boyfriend. Sex is now uncomfortable because of vaginal dryness, burning sex. The swelling came soon after. It is very embarrassing to have to explain to him even though he is very understanding. I 'm am already thinking about switching over to the Depo.
It 's too effective I can 't stop going. I took one dose 25 min later the gurgle then OMG.  It 's been 4 hrs now I 've slowed down. I 'm afraid to eat or drink anything. I just wanted a normal bm. I guess it was to much to hope for.
I have had this for 6 months now. I haven 't had a period since just a lot of spotting at random. It has done its job by keeping me baby free, but it 's not worth it. I have gained so much weight on this and quickly; About 20 pounds. I did not have a worse change in diet or change in activity. In the last couple months I 'm trying to lose weight, I 've ate better and exercised more, and still gaining.  I 'm at my heighest weight ever and it has caused stretch marks which I 've never had before. Nothing seems to help even keep me at my current weight. Do not get this. Apparently Getting it taken out is not as easy as getting it put in...
I got proscribed 500mg for 7 days and this is my second day taking it. The pharmacist told me if I ate with it I should be okay for nausea but no matter how I eat with it I feel so sick the rest of the day. Every time I eat I feel like throwing up, and I 'm losing my appetite. It 's a good medicine but it makes me feel horrible.
Didn 't help with anxiety at all but did help some with depression. Take 60mg
I am 21 and Since I first received the shot in January, I have been bleeding ever since. Sometimes light, sometimes like an actual period, with cramps and migraines.Also, this medicine has completely jacked up my hormones. I am angry ALL the time, ALWAYS sad. I cry everyday, over the smallest issues, or for no reason. I am happy, and in a split second I will feel very low or even have suicidal thoughts. I experience extreme mood swings and flip out on my boyfriend- coupled with less sex from the bleeding. It 's very frustrating. I am hoping that this is just my body still adjusting to the medicine. I haven 't had any weight gain or acne though( knock on wood).
I have been on Depo for a little over a year and a half. I 've had no periods and some spotting every now and then. Being on this has given me lots of mood swings, very emotional and even depressed at times. Not to mention the very low sex drive. Plus I never knew that it made the bone density very low. Now I 'm thinking about using Implanon.
I got my nexplenon inserted about 5 months ago. I stayed on my birth control pill for a month after to help my body adjust and everything was going fine. I had 2 normal periods and up until about a month ago everything was running smoothly. My mom and boyfriend have noticed a big change in my attitude noting that I 'm becoming more &quot;bitchy.&quot; Can 't say I disagree with this as I can tell I get more annoyed and on edge about literally everything. Not only have I been having attitude issues but my acne is out of control right now. I 've been on my period for 4 weeks now and my acne continues to get worse. I believe I 've also gained about 10 pounds in since I got the birth control and am having a hard time losing it. Planning on getting itremoved.
Prescribed for pain on a as needed basis. Make me feel euphoric but does little for the pain. Makes me itch and I don 't sleep well when taking. Always wake up with a hangover type headache. Now, If I mix it with a Goodys power or another NSAIDs it works ok. Side effects are still problematic.
30 y/o female struggling with OCD/MDD/GAD since 14yo. The pack I received started 1wk at 10mg, then 1wk at 20 mg then the next 2wk at 40mg. The second week I was actually feeling hopeful that I may have found a medication that works for me again. Things quickly changed once I started the 40mg dose. I wake up in a stupor like fog that takes me about an hour to get out of. My dreams are so vivid and intense that I have difficulty shaking from them. I am now experiencing sexual side effects, dizziness, and very bad leg cramping. I almost got into an accident this morning because of the fog that I was in. Ironically I was going to pick up this medication. Returning to 20mg dose until I can see MD again. Seemed to work at low dose, now scary.
I am 14 y/o, female and currently take 200mg of Zoloft. The first 3 months I was on Zoloft I felt so free, happy, able to approach people with ease and engage socially. (might have been placebo) This feeling wore off, and even when I tried going up on my dosage multiple times, it didn 't change anything. Zoloft has given me so many health problems. As told by a doctor, Zoloft caused a decrease in my iron level, which gave me Anemia, which I have never had before. I struggled with weight loss on this medicine, which is hard since I already struggle with trying to gain weight. I 'm still on this medicine, and this is my 5th month taking it, but I may have to go off on it for medical reasons, and I feel it doesn 't do my anxiety any justice.
This is a great medication for ulcer pain. But there is one major side effect that is intolerable, constipation. After using it for two days my stool was so hard that it took 2 Fleet water enema 's and a mineral oil enema just to get the stool down. 
I 've gotten 2 shots so far, and I 'm pretty sure it 's making me completely crazy.  Even scarier, since I started this medicine, I started getting crazy headaches. I was at work and my face started going numb and then I started seeing all these bright lights and then I couldn 't see out of my left eye... Btw I 'm 28. I haven 't gotten pregnant, so it 's effective for that, however I would NOT recommend this. I 've always been moody, but the feelings I 've experienced with this are so overwhelming sometimes... it feels like I 'm going to have a panic attack like every other day. It 's good if you want to be depressed, literally question your mental health, bleed every single day ... Totes switching.
I have been battling constipation for a week now and had finally given in and bought dulcolax laxative tablets  (Worst mistake ever). I took one tablet a 9 pm, woke up in a cold sweat at 2 am and experienced stomach cramps (with the urge to go but couldn 't) and horrendous vomiting. Finally settled back in to bed around 3:30 am I am now up again 8am back in the bathroom with the worst case of diarrhea and stomach cramps. Product is somewhat effective but plan to take it on a Friday night with no other weekend plans!
This medicine is giving me extreme bone pain. It started in one knee, spread to my legs, then up to my elbows, back of the rib cage. I 'm trying to stop the drug before it reaches my skull. The pain would be unbelievable.
I was prescribed Valsartan (generic of Diovan) 80 mg, plus Metoprolol ER 25 mg.  I 've been taking these for about 6 months, during which time I 've had muscle stiffness, joint pain, decreased urine flow, cough, vision changes, and some of the other listed side effects.  I stopped Valsartan a week ago , and stopped Metoprolol 3 days ago.  The past two days, I 've never felt better and my blood pressure is about the same as it was on the drugs.  Not ideal yet but not in the danger zone.  Both of these drugs have many of the same side effects and both generic.  C-Span televised a hearing not long about about generic drugs, and I learned that most of them are now made in China and India.
I never write reviews but I really felt I had to genuinely help someone consider AVOIDING this medication. I have never had such an awful experience from an over the counter medicine in my life. Took 2 pills (recommended dose 1-3) around 11:00 p.m before I went to sleep. Woke up in the middle of the night in SEVERE abdominal pain. It was excruciating. I felt extremely nauseous, burning hot, dizzy, weak. Thought I was dying. I was up for hours dealing with these issues, no chance of sleep. Finally at 7:00 a.m I had a bowel movement and EVERYTHING was being flushed out of me, eventually just water! Please do not take Dulcolax!!! I have taken successful laxatives in the past MINUS the horrible side effects (Ex-Lax, MiraLax, senna tabs etc).
Took for 9 days and developed terrible flu like symptoms -- doctor said to stop. Still having symptoms several days later. The medicine did bring out keratosis spots but not worth the side effects.
Worked extremely well when I first started it at 20mg- I felt amazing good, started listening to music , became more affectionate and loving with friends and family , I was feeling so good that I started telling people out of the blue that I feel happy for first time in my life. BUT, that didn 't last for very long. Over the next 4-5 weeks it completely stopped working and my old depressive symptoms of my bipolar disease came back. My doc upped the dosage to 40mg to see if I could get back to the old positive state I had before at the beginning but no dice . The higher 40mg dose gave me horrible severe anxiousness, agitation , and restlessness. Others have referred to this state of agitation as akathisia. I was climbing the walls!
I am on my second pack of Sprintec. Doctor prescribed for polycystic ovarian syndrome. Having terrible breast pain  all day long. Nights are even more terrible. Now changing my medication to another birth control pill once this pack is over. She told me not to change medication in between one cycle. So bearing pain. My periods have got regular and skin feels better. No special feeling for sex but for sure no fluid ....very dry.
Could not sleep at all while taking this medication, didn 't help my muscle twitches, and gave me severe long lasting migraines.
Okay so I was on Ortho Tri Cyclen Lo before I started Aviane and I had AWFUL hormonal cystic acne along my jaw line. I switched to Aviane in the attempt to control my acne. Within 3 days I saw a MAJOR improvement. my skin is almost clear and it has been a week. HOWEVER, my mood swings are awful. I 'm extremely angry, my boyfriend is putting up with a monster. On top of being miserable, sex drive has completely tanked. Definitely didn 't work for me at all. I hate to get off of it because my face is so clear but I really can 't take the anger anymore
Ok so I have two kids and decided to get the skyla. I had it for only 4 months and got it removed this week. I didn 't experience any pain at all. But the thing that I didn 't like was that I gained 15 lbs, started getting acne which I 've never had a problem with. Every time I would get intimate with my husband he could feel it. When I had it removed the doctor told me that it was really low and thats why he could feel it. Every body is different so you never know how you will react to it. Oh and another thing  before I was on skyla I would never experience cramps  when i was on my period and with this thing they were horrible.
I tried Prilosec first for my heartburn symptoms but I noticed I had to take it a couple of times during the day which quickly added up.  I found myself spending quite a bit of money.
Caused restless leg syndrome.
This was the first birth control I was ever on. The first 4 months on it were fine. My sex drive was normal, my moods were normal, then it all changed. I noticed I start to become depressed. I had emotional outbursts, I was moody all the time. Not to mention my sex drive became nonexistent, and I was so dry down there it was too painful to enjoy intercourse. I felt like a completely different person, and not in a good way. In July I went off the pill and stuck to condoms. I 'm starting a new brand called  'Lutera ' and hoping it 's better than microgestrin fe 1/20 was. Pros: No pregnancy scares. Periods were on time. Cons: depression. Anxiety. Mood swings.
Developed severe nocturnal leg cramps.  Occured nightly between 5am and 7am.  After 3 months I discontinued and went back to Diltiazem.  Cramps stopped next day.
I have been taking Otezla for about 8 weeks.  I experienced nausea, frequent bowel movements, headaches, and a lack of appetite although the severity tapered off after a few weeks, they still continue. As I did more research into others who have taken it I have experienced 2 trips to the ER due to inflammation in my feet and I feel so fatigued and don 't want to do anything...but I feel better if I move around a bit...but I get wore out pretty easy and then my feet are killing me. I 'd like to say I feel better than when I started... and in some ways I do.  I used to feel like my joints were fusing together, I couldn 't walk up or down stairs, and I couldn 't open a bottle of water. I feel a lot looser now and can do some things. I still hurt.
I started taking lisinopril 10 mg about two months ago it was ok untill two weeks ago stools started to get real soft then got dirreaha very gassy wind all day.  I  never had problems with my bowels I 'm 79 years old so I 'm going off them and then going on another by pill.
This Friday will be 5 weeks since I 've gotten my Mirena. When I got it put in I had been off my period for 5 days. It was crampy getting it placed but was not as bad as I thought it would be. I was a little light headed after wards and had to sit for a minute before driving home. I spotted very lightly for about two days and then on the third day I started what seemed like a heavy period. I 've been bleeding heavy since then with a few light spotting days. I 'd go almost a whole day without bleeding thinking it was about to stop but then I would start again. The cramps would get so bad that T3s didn 't even help much. These last 3 days I 've started to notice small tissue clots in the blood and the smell is bad. I see my OB Friday.
Left a very unpleasant taste in my mouth the entire time.
It helped me a little bit but I still had pain
So I got the paragard inserted july 2013 after the birth of my first child. The insertion was painful but nothing i couldn 't handle. For the first 6 months everything was fine, then i started to get terrible cramps that were almost dibilitating. I also notice my period lasting longer, heavier and becoming more frequent. I waited almost a year to see if this would change. This past april, I bled every day of the month minus maybe 7 days. So my doctor recommended me try mirena to regulate my period. I just got the mirena last week, keeping my fingers crossed.
I 've been on Belviq one day and my body went crazy. I 'm experiencing a cooling/menthol sensation throughout my entire body. It 's weird. Vaginal pain as well. I 'm so uncomfortable. I just want this out of my system. The drug is probably a great one that will do what it 's supposed to but for me it 's making me crazy. I 'm not sure if I gave my body enough time to &quot;detox&quot; off phentermine. I took my last pill yesterday and started Belviq today so I 'm not sure.
I have been on Karvia for about 3 months now and noticed that my breast HURT and are so tender. My periods last 4 days now instead of 3. I get mood swings too.
I started this medication. Three seperate times, stopping only a couple days in because of the severe headaches I got. It was keeping me from being able to lead my day.  I am trying again, starting with a quarter of the pill and ibuprofin in the morning. I can see how this helps people though. I 'm not hungry and, aside from my headache, I am in a good mood If I can get past the headaches (which interestingly make me crave something sweet and cold, like ice cream) then I think this will be good.  I exercise, high intensity, four days a week, and watch my sugar and carb intake as well. Lost 20 lbs last year but had to keep myself accountable. The medication helps but you have to take charge of it.
I 've been on 10mg fluoxetine for just over one week - I did take it for a few days a little while ago, it made my IBS worse, so I stopped. My doctor persuaded me to give it another go. I know it 's early days, but so far it 's all bad! Before I was  tired, unmotivated, no concentration, barely able to wash or do the simplest things. Now - I 'm like  the walking dead! Even more tired, even less motivation,  brain fog - you name it. And possibly more  depressed! I also had terrible joint pains - I have arthritis anyway! The joint pains seem to be lessening, the others aren 't- so far!  I just hope it 's a case of getting worse before it gets better, cos atm it 's almost unbearable!
I was diagnosed a few months ago (I 'm 19) with ADD. The first--any only-- medicine I have tried thus far is Concerta (27 and 36mg). Not only has my ADD not gotten any better, but I feel I have anxiety, mood swings, restlessness, and insomnia. I 've used it for several weeks, adjusted my dose, and minimized any external stress and it 's not any better.
I 've been on Topamax for 2 weeks now after switching from Elavil. Now I 'm seriously questioning that decision despite the problems Elavil caused me. The insomnia is outrageous. I have to set an alarm to take my morning dose at 5 a.m. so that my evening dose can be taken around 3 p.m. This way it 's effects have kind have faded off by bedtime and with the help of some prescribed sleeping pills I 'm lucky to get a tiny bit of sleep. Of course, along with that I have tingling, slight numbness (not enough to even complain about), dizziness, decreased appetite, taste aversion, and weight loss of course. I haven 't had too many experiences with confusion yet. On a positive note, my migraines haven 't returned.
I had been struggling with OCD and anxiety and rage issues for a very long time.  I decided to get help after my daughter was born.  I was put on a myriad of different pills until Effexor.  It calmed me down, and my OCD is almost non-existent.  But miss a dose and you will be sick like you 've never felt before!  Think of the worst flu you ever had...it 's kinda like that but worse.  And all the anxiety comes back in full force.  It has really helped me to function,  but I would never have gotten on it if I knew how bad it was to get off it.  Try everything else before taking this.  It will help but at what cost?
Took the medication for about 2.5 years, in addition to various other antidepressants such as Lexapro, Effexor XR, and Cymbalta. It did help me feel better and more stabilized for about the first 6 months of taking it. However, after those initial 6 months I felt it did very little if anything at all and my mood began to deteriorate. Additionally, I also gained over 25 pounds. I have always been a slim to toned athletic individual, so this weight gain was very uncharacteristic of me. In fact, my condition got so bad that I was actually too depressed to even get out of bed most days and never exercised. My diet remained more or less healthy throughout my time on Abilify. Stopped~Thanksgiving 2014, lost 30 pounds since, all else constant.
After taking my first dose, I vomited for hours. Am afraid to take anymore due to side effects.
This was a dream come true...until the diarrhea came. I had zero GERD symptoms for the first time in 14 yrs. It was so disappointing when I developed uncontrollable diarrhea that lasted 22 days. I stopped taking the medication and it took another week for the symptoms to go away. I gave it a 2 month break, tried it again when I was having a very bad day with my hiatal hernia and GERD. It only took 2 days for the symptoms to come back this time. Really very sad I have to choose between pain and diarrhea.
So I went in on tuesday for a uti but no bacteria showed up so the doc prescribed the generic macrobid and the first pill I took was on Wednesday i ended up having a severe headache 30 minutes later and got a slight fever all day and took the 2nd pill. The next day I woke up feeling great and took the medicine again leaving me with a terrible headache again. So that night I did not want to take it what so ever.  Then Friday came (today) and I went back in for a different medicine and my head didn 't hurt really at all but I found out I still had a temp of 100.1. This pill has given me the worst with terrible headaches and a fever. Definitely doesnt work with me. Bdid slightly help whatever I have going on but not as quick as others
I 've been on Brintellix for 4  months now.  It is providing a mild antidepressant/anti-anxiety effect, but definitely not robust enough for my lifelong generalized anxiety disorder and depression.  I 'd give a 3.5/10.  It 's better for me than Viibryd (the medicine it most closely resembles), but I 'm still in a state of deep dysfunction.  On the positive side, the side effects have been minimal, the most prominent being some decrease in sexual desire and sexual pleasure.  (Not really an issue for me though since my anxiety and depression pretty much have a corner on that non-existent aspect of my life).  Also, even with my decent insurance, and Takeda 's &quot;discount card,&quot; the cost for a month 's supply of 30mg a day (the dose I 'm taking) is about $300.  Not affordable.
Have had in since Feb 27/17 been bleeding ever since, just when you think it 's done more bleeding.... ready to take this thing out. Doctor checked said it 's in place properly and confirmed with an ultrasound. Not getting pregnant which is awesome, also having less sex due to bleeding and cramping so suppose it 's doing its job.
So far not impressed. Had tummy upset  for two weeks but that did ease off. I do feel full and bloated which is good but my blood sugars are higher than when I was on othe meds by mouth. I 'm on Novo mix 30 insulin 60 morning dose and 60 evening dose. My readings over the last week have been from 12.8 to 24.6. Surely this isn 't right. And no weight loss. Feel really disappointed. I do take Mirtazipine for depression and my G.P. has just increased my dose. Apparently this can cause increased weight and appetite. Feel like I 'm fighting a losing battle at the moment.
I switched to this after Aviane because I went down from a very full C cup to barely fitting in a B. My doctor switched me on Microgestin Fe saying that its low hormone and I should have my body shape back.Cons: -My acne came back. Huge pimples on my forehead, and small little ones all along my cheeks while redness. -My nose is constantly swollen -My face is no longer clear and glowing as it was on Aviane. -My hair is also drier and thinner. It is falling like crazy-My periods were never severely heavy, but I would have to be careful sleeping in certain positions the first two days because they would be a bit excessive. Pros: -Not pregnant-No mood swings after a while
HORRIBLE experience w Loryna. Took it for acne, on the 3rd week and my skin is as bad as it was on the Mirena IUD. Giving me terrible anxiety and mood swings. The acne is killing me
Was on Nuvaring twice. Long story but I don 't remember the first time and it was also a short period of time. The last time I was on it for about a week when my hands started breaking out in a weird rash and I felt odd. My doc thinks I was allergic to something in it so I took it out and my hands went back to normal right away. Odd reaction.
My 83 y.o. father was started on digoxin for atrial fibrillation. While it did great with controlling his heart rate it also caused him to have marked depression, anorexia and confusion. Thank heavens we went back to his PCP and they stopped it. 
I had just applied it and immediately right after I feel the burn.. I felt that the medicine should be calming effect rather than burning sensation to the point that it irritates your mind and the feeling of uncomfortable with slight nausea.I bought the 7 day Monistat for my YI. Let 's see if tomorrow works better..I had tried other cream-insert-brand like Canesten Cream, I felt relieve right after use.. Hence Monistat needs to relook in to the medications provide in the cream. Because I had bought two boxes, and I regretted getting two box (one for spare)..
Works bc ever constant migraine all day everyday nausea...loss of appetite..breast so sore I didn 't wear a bra for a week. GOOD THING! My period started 2nd day I stopped taking it. No bc ever worked that fast for me
 I 'm 19 years old and started taking this birth control after my first one worked perfectly for a few months, until I began to get my period every 8 days. I 've been on this pill for about two weeks and I already hate it. I 'm constantly moody, depressed and over emotional. It 's effecting my relationship between my family, friends and boyfriend. Doesn 't help with acne, I 've never had acne till I began taking this. Also have severe pain everyday in my lower stomach area.
I had the Paraguard IUD placed about a year and a half ago after the birth of my fourth baby. Insertion was uncomfortable, yet not painful to me and my cramping was minimal and lasted about through the evening. Shortly after insertion (within the first month) I noticed a lower back ache. The ache progressed into a sharp pain that made me very careful about bending over or picking up my kids. This pain has lasted the entire time I 've had my IUD and during some points in my cycle, its unbearable and nauseating: ( I 've tried to be patient, hoping that the back pain would dissipate but to no avail. I 'm scheduled to have it removed tomorrow and I 'm going to try another method. Also, my IUD caused a crazy discharge all cycle  long !
Have been taking 10-40 dosage for a little over 6 months.  Agree with everyone that it seemed like a miracle medicine the first couple of days %u2013 %u201Cfinally something that worked on my blood pressure%u201D. Then started having dizziness, severe flushes, and night sweats (not hot-flashes which was already over with), muscle pain (started taking increase in calcium, potassium and magnesium and then read in side-effects for Azor that taking potassium with Azor may cause damage to the heart. Also noticed hair loss, which has worsened as time went on, and now noticing patches of hair loss, again, %u201CHm-mm....Would I rather have hair loss or low blood pressure?%u201D  It is a toss-up, especially since I have tried at least 20 other medications with no success. Going to see my doctor tomorrow, hopefully there is a remedy for me and good luck to the rest of you.
I have had the injections of synvice 3 times so far the first time I got the injection it worked pretty good after about 3 weeks it made me pain free for about two to three months the second and third time I had the injections I did not feel a thing even after 3 weeks I 'm going back to cortisone next time.
I am 21 years old and was diagnosed with MS in 2009. I began Rebif 44mcg March 2015 and unfortunately I have experienced most, if not all of the side effects: fevers, flu, chills, numbness, joint pains, headaches, bruising, nausea, vision issues, bladder issues, etc. I am hoping this drug is for me because I really don 't want to have to start over with another one. The injections started off with severe pains, so much so that I am unable to walk after an injection for the rest of the day. But as time past, it is evident that my worse days have gotten better. No relapses so far. I 'm hoping these side effects don 't stay...
I have been on this three month and one week. Boy am I frustrated. I am on 100mgs a day. I thought things were getting better yet here I am with cysts pimples and red marks. I 'm also on Solodyn for almost 2 months and using Tazorac and I picked up benzoyl peroxide spot treatment. I just want to feel normal and pretty and not have huge painful ones just pop up on my neck and jaw line. Even when they go away I 'm left with red marks. I 've begged my Dermatologist to raise my spironolactone but he won 't. I 'm so confused on what to do. And I just thought I 'd have better skin by now. Without make up all I want to do is hide and cry. And the pain from the big ones. I am 26 with a four year old and should be enjoying life and instead I feel depressed and defeated.
Prescribed 500mg 3x a day for BV. Day 1 I took two doses 8 hours apart. Awful, chalky taste that you can 't get rid of. Slight dizzyness and slight headache day 1. Day 2 woke up with the edge of a headache, ate my breakfast and took dose 3.  Headache developed into the severe/persistant headache that would not respond to any meds and is a &quot;call your doctor immediately&quot; side effect. Developed into one of the worst nausea migraines I have suffered in a very long time.  Doctor said to stop med and go to ER if headache got worse.  Improved my BV symptoms that fast, but I can 't take this med. Caused insomnia, restless legs, severe headache, dizzyness, nausea, dehydration and loss of appetite, Those who react badly are not being melodramatic.
Ambien definitely puts me to sleep quickly and keeps me asleep. However, it has made me do crazy things without remembering the next morning. I have taken more than the recommended dose while sleep walking, cut 3 inches off my hair, drove my car, many different things. I would love this medicine if I just didn 't act crazy because it really does work.
Only took twice a day for my ankylosing spondylitis .  Had little relief if any at all.  Vimovo worked much better but after a couple months had horrible GI side effects.
I was prescribed Amitriptyline for insomnia after having a negative experience with taking Ambien. Ambien worked fine until its side effects kicked in then I stopped taking it because the side effects were unreasonable. Amitriptyline helped me sleep until one night I awoke to buzzing in my ears/head. From reasoning there might be lifelong buzzing in my head I discontinued the Amitriptyline. Shortly after discontinuing the buzzing went away and never returned. Bottome line: there are much better oral 's to take to assist in sleeping.I feel Amitriptyline did however correct a brain imbalance that was produced by the Ambien; and I found the culprit to my insomnia: I have an adrenaline allergy, from stress, anxiety and screen-time.
I 've used the Monistat-3 the last time I had this problem. I had relief the next day. I think the1 day pack must not agree with me. I woke up feeling worse than last night. I 'm so swelled that I 'm a little nervous. I 'm going to give it a couple of hours to get better and go from there. I 'm sticking to the 3 day treatment.
I was diagnosed with strep, nasal infection, and a ear infection about 5 days ago. I took cefdinir as directed for 5 days and saw little to no results. Some side affects for me that were not listed were my stool smelling of the dissolved pill and also my urine.
This is my 2nd implanon, which i had inserted within 6 weeks of removing the 1st.My period completely stopped and I didnt experience any other side effects (other than my weight fluctuating by 5kg) whilst i had the first one in but this time was the complete opposite!I started getting my period every second week (which is much darker and potent) and now I am just constantly bleeding.. small amounts but CONSTANT small amounts... i feel like a leaking faucet... and i always have cramps and intense cravings... I originally started the inplanon so I could have spontaneous sex with my partner and not worry about getting pregnant but now I can 't even have pre-planned sex!!!!I can not wait to have it removed.
I have migraines really bad, my neurologist prescirbed Stadol as a last resort medication.  So far it has not worked.  Just made me nauseated and gave me a head rush.  It 's very discouraging to read the comments about ER 's thinking migraine sufferers are drug seeking people.  It 's sad that we get no attention or help.  I would rather suffer than go to the ER and be put in a group that I 'm not in.  Good luck to all of us :)
I am 43, and Doctor says I am perimenopausal. My progesterone is not high enough. I did not have my period since November. My doctor prescribed me Provera. Have taken for 5 days and started my period on a second day after taking the last pill. Started bleeding like a normal flow on Tuesday. Had minor cramping. Since Tuesday cramping was getting worse and worse. And today on Friday could not go to work as I am passing large blood clots. Have to change super pads every hour. Can 't wait for this nightmare to stop. How long can this heavy part last? The last 24 hours were awfully heavy, losing too much blood. Should I go to emergency room? Or should I wait? My doctor said to wait it out. But I am crying, and feeling miserable.
I took Savella for 1 week. The side effects I had were worse than the benefits. I had chills and then hot flashes. I would wake up feeling as if I hadn 't been asleep. I also experienced dizziness and fatigue.
Does not relieve pain. Just keeps me active moderately. I suffer from bulging discs in my neck.
I had used Nuvaring successfully for about 6 months I stopped using birth control for about a year and then decided to go back on Nuvaring. I have had the worst side effects ever. Monthlong bleeding, nausea, dizziness, lower back and leg pain.
I have PCOS and I struggled a lot with weight. Since taking the pill I 've lost at least 15 pounds within the 3 months of taking it. However, the acne is the worst painful ones I 've ever experienced. Large multiple deep cystic acne. I guess I 'll deal since the weight loss is a positive...
I started this birth control about a month ago after bleeding non-stop for four months (have PCOS) and it stopped my bleeding immediately, however in about the second week I began having mild cramps and spotting brown.  I missed the last pill of my third week and took it the next morning - and bam, there was the heavy bleeding again. The bleeding and clotting is awful. If the bleeding doesn 't stop after I start my new pack, I think I 'm going to switch.As for other side effects, none!
I got a yeast infection from taking antibiotics, so my mother ran out and bought this for me since I was in so much pain and my doctor couldn 't get me in.I used the external cream with no problem, but the first night using the applicator was rough. It burnt and hurt so much I could barely sleep, which was not fun since I had work the next morning.I decided to keep using it though since I wanted to get rid of my yeast infection. The second day wasn 't as bad and the burning went away within fifteen minutes.I just did the third tube and my vagina literally feels like it 's on fire... but if it gets rid of this infection, it 's worth it.However, I definitely will not be buying this again. It 's so ridiculous.
I was prescribed this to treat my sinus infection. It 's been almost two days now and while I feel slightly better, the nausea and upset stomach is too much for me. I have eaten both yogurt or rice before taking it and I still get very sick. It is also making everything I eat seem extremely salty. Even when I breathe, I taste salt. I 've called my doctor and they 're changing my antibiotic to something else. Apparently this one is making my potassium levels rise too high.
I used this the first time I had radiation and it really helped. I seem to have worse burning this time around and it doesn 't seem to be providing a lot of relief.
Had insertion May/2013 to help with heavy periods, only issue is hair loss.  Now looking back, hair loss started within a few weeks of insertion.  Going next week to have device removed.  No other option, need to stop hair loss.
I am on my first day of this pill treating a uti...i got the worse migraine ever..took excedrin to rid the pain..i am still feeling abdominal discomfort but will continue this 5 day treatment..cipro worked for me many years ago...i should have used that
I am 41 and I am peri-menopausal. My GYN prescribed Gildess fe 1/20 for me to &quot;balance&quot; my hormones. I have tried other bc pills in the past, including Gildess but had to stop them because of the crazy side effects. But this time when I tried it I was spotting, I got weird feelings in my head, I had back pains, flu-like symptoms, chest pain and terrible anxiety. I stopped taking it after about two weeks. I feel horrible!  How long before I leaves my system?
Was prescribed this drug about three years ago for an infection around the cuticle of my forefinger. It was prescribed by a PA, no doctor ever looked at it. I remember thinking &quot;why such a powerful antibiotic for a small infection in my finger&quot;. I recently went in to the same office with an abcess in my rear end. This time a doctor looked at it, drained it, put me on doxycycline for 10 days that took care of the abcess. Later while on a follow up visit to have it repacked, the same girl who gave me Septra DS three years earlier let it slip that they usually just assume these things are MRSA. So they prescribe something they think will work while they wait for the lab results to come back. Three years earlier no mention of MRSA! Bad reaction
I got tired of taking the pill so I figured this might be a great alternative. Boy was I wrong.Yes, it kept me from getting pregnant but it gave me bacterial vaginosis on every other week...and I only had it inserted for a month and a half!I would get the BV treated, and it be right back like clock work. Also, my partner reported that the strings were uncomfortable and they poked him during intercourse.Glad to report that 9 months after I have had it removed, I have not had a single stint of bacterial vaginosis and I am sticking with the pill.
I gave this patch a 3 because I want to be as honest as possible. I 'm 26 years old, and switched from oral bc to the patch 4 months ago. Only pros; not having to take a pill everyday and that I 'm not pregnant. The cons however are endless. I 'm always tired. Im normally an active person but now all I want to do is stay in bed. Severe mood swings; my sister and boyfriend have pointed out that I 'm always either depressed or behaving like an angry monster. Ive put on 15 pounds and my breast have gone up a cup size (not good since I was already a DD). I never got cramps before the patch; now they 're so bad I can barely move for the first 2 days of my period. I also have severe back pain even though I haven 't had any injury whatsoever.
I 've been on this bc for 9 months. The first 2-3 months were okay, a few more pimples than normal but no big deal. I 've gained almost 20 lbs the 4th month. The periods are light, but I have breakthrough bleeding in the middle of the pack and it 's always old blood like my flow is too light. The worst thing for me is the cystic acne this pill has caused me. My face breaks out in red bumps that hurt, big hard cysts that Never seem to go away and I 'm in a constant state of break out. It has caused cysts on my breasts, underarms and stomache. Granted I have  pcos and had some before, this has caused them to multiply everywhere! Everything I use just makes it worse. Have an appointment next week to switch back to mono linyah
I have currently been taking Effexor XR for about a year. It seems to be helping with my depression I could do without the weird side effects such as the constant yawning and vivid dreams. Also never miss a dose because after missing only one dose I experienced jitters, massive headache and dizziness, it felt like my head was full of water kind of a &quot;sloshing&quot; feeling.
I used to take Zoloft for many years (approx 8 to be exact) as i has servere panic disorder after completing year 12. I recently weaned my self off the drug and stoped taking it for the past 6 months. I felt myself relapsing and so have gone back on the drug as of last week, im on 25 mg. I currently feel awful, im very dizzy and some days feel like in going to faint if im sitting down for too long which means i cant concentrate at work, i never had these feelings before when i was on the drug why am i feeling this now have they changed the formula of Zoloft? anyway ill give it the recommended 2 weeks to settle again in my body but if it still makes me feel like this i 'm going to stop it, i feel awful and very anxious all the time
I 've had the Implanon in for 2 weeks and I don 't like it.  I love not having to take the pill but my mood swings are crazy.  I have 2 kids ages 2 and 8 months and I find myself snapping at them and having less patience.  I am constantly apologizing to my husband for being a raving lunatic and I got a period.  I haven 't had a period in 5 months previously while I was on Nora-Be and now I have a period.  It 's been light but never the less annoying.  I think I 'm going to have it taken out.  I don 't like these mood swings one bit.  I feel like I have road rage all of the time.
I have been on the Implanon for a year now. I loved it at first. I had no side effects other than bam like 6 months into it I noticed a bald spot in my head it started to get bigger an more started to appear. I used to have a full head of hair now I 'm going completely bald. I went to a dermatologist and they told me I had alopecia areata. I then started to look more into its cause. I had never had this problem before and found out that the Implanon causes hair-loss. A lot of people who used it had the same problem and once they got off it grew back. I 'm waiting to get this removed.
I 'm using Epiduo, and its already on my 3rd month. And it 's not that effective. My pimples are still there. I also suggest use sunblock in the morning so that your face won 't burn.
I have had the implanon for about a year, it 's nice that I don 't have to worry about getting pregnant, or worry bout taking birth control everyday. But my side affects are bad, I get my period somtimes 2 times a month, its random so I don 't know when I 'm going to have it. Also I have gained 20 pounds since I started on it. I 'm thinking about removing it!
Good.
Horrible. I was really hoping this would work out for me but I am getting it removed next week. I have had this In for just about 6 months and its been nothing but a nightmare. Since I had it put in I haven 't felt like myself, I 'm always bloated and my periods are anywhere from a week-10 days long. My breasts are always sore and I have bad cramping 3 out or 4 weeks of the month. Everyone kept saying &quot;oh it will get better&quot; um...it hasn 't ..at all. I also noticed I have started getting terrible headaches again...which makes no sense considering this is non-hormonal and this would normally happen when I took hormonal birth control. Either way I am disappointed this didn 't work out for me.
I was diagnosed with Narcolepsy about a week ago. I started taking Nuvigil 150mgs and at first, I felt as though I could see life with clear eyes. Colors were also brighter. But then, a day or so has passed and I am completely exhausted.  I had a sleep attack at work and I didn 't fall asleep, but I felt very weak and could have easily gone to sleep.  I hope this improves. I know I need to give this medicine a chance though.
I have been taking Anastrozole for the past 10 months.. I had Breast Cancer and was treated with radiation for 6 weeks.   I have decided to go off this pill as it has terrible side effects.  The pain in my joints and hot flashes seem to have come full force just this week.  I feel like I can 't smile, I have no motivation and just feel spacey  all the time. I am a young minded,  spirited 70 year old, and have always enjoyed life.  I honestly feel that my quality of life is more important than living with such disabilatating pain.  I believe that the next ten years should be enjoyed with my family.. I don 't know if I will have the energy at 80 but I will do my best to enjoy every day getting there!
Recently purchased alli tablets from chemist, after two weeks my liver and kidneys started hurting so much that I had to stop taking them. I emailed GlaxoSmithKline who said that they was aware that possible liver failure may result. As they originally removed them back in 2012. And they wanted me to sign a consent form (basically wanting me to keep on taking them as their guinea pig) for their research. 
I took this pill as a last resort as I thought lymecyline wasn 't working but wasn 't making my skin worst, so I opted for Yasmin worst choice I have ever made! By the 3rd day I had dry skin and a large cluster of spots round my jaw! This didn 't work for me and I 'm not willing to wait anymore, however there is no harm in trying just beware, also duac cream, I wouldn 't recommend it burns and dries skin out.
I am not sure if Neulasta is working yet. I have only had once so far. Pain on day 2 and 3 were terrible. My jaw even hurt. I did take Tylenol and Aleve but pain was untouchable. I will not take again unless my MD gives me something stronger for the pain.
I love the twice a year shot.  The company is.awesome and very helpful.  But....1st shot no side effects, 2nd shot left groin pain for about a week, 3rd shot and now right sided groin pain since October that goes to my thigh, hip and pelvic bone.  Pain is severe at times.  Also thyroid problem is worse (not sure if related) and right side lower back pain.  I can no longer take the medication.
I was prescribed Phentermine 37.5 on April 29, 2016. My DR said to only take half a pill for the first 30 days. I took that first thing in the morning with water. It helped with feeling hungry. The only side effect I had was extreme dry mouth. I just started my 2nd month yesterday, which I will start taking a whole pill but I have noticed I 'm feeling hungry more often. I drink 175-200 ounces of water daily, I feel like I cant get enough to drink. I cut out sodas, eat very healthy food and go to the gym 3-4 times weekly. I track my calories on My Fitness Pal and am always under my daily calorie goal. My starting weight was 233, I weighed in this morning, a month later and I 've only lost 8 pounds.
I got a 3 months of a free sample. But, I only used 1 month. The first week was great. Then I started the second week and started spotting. I spotted every day till about the end of the pack. My moods were terrible. By the third week I was arguing with my boyfriend which felt like constantly. He told me it was like I was on my period mood wise that whole month. I 'm not taking it anymore.
I 've been on this medication for 1 month. My eyes have the burning sensation that last for about 30 minutes after application. I find the plastic container very difficult to use. It is very small and the plastic is extremely stiff. I have RA and pinching to get the drop out is almost impossible for me. The worst part is the tearing that I have NEVER had before. It last for a few hours, and my eyes are crusted every morning when I wake up. I 'm not very pleased with this new RX.
Got the Nexplanon 10/6/16 . I got on it to prevent pregnancy and so far I haven 't got pregnant. When I first got on it I didn 't bleed for one week. Now most days just a really heavy flow other days golf ball size clots. Recently just started to be both clots and a very heavy flow. Mood swings are bad some times I get really bad cramps where I can 't feel from my uterus down &amp; headache are unbearableI been just sucking it up until I have to get the Nexplanon taken out (10/6/2019)
I recently had an acute flare up with my Sciatica. The pain was unbearable with complete numbness down my right leg. I have suffered for 8 years with chronic sciatic pain wavering in intensity. This last time I went to my doctor requesting pain killer relief stronger than the Diclofenac and Baclofen I usually take which was ineffective. I was prescribed the 5/500 strength, 1 three times a day. This had zero effect on my pain. I took additional acetaminophen to augment the 500mg in the Vicodin. I have an appointment this week to seek a medicine that will bring me relief to I can enjoy life again.
I got prescribed 250 mg of azithromycin (500 mg on the first day, 250 mg for four more days.) I had a bad experience. I am psychosomatic and I don 't think that mixed well. I had a large panic attack during school that lasted about an hour. I experienced extreme stomach pains and auditory hallucinations. Would not recommend. It is getting rid of my bronchitis, but it 's not worth it.
Prescribed 6.25 mg Carvedilol 2x a day for my Rapid heart beat and blockage in main artery. .  Second week and I am not liking it.  Was on 25 mg Metoporal for 10 years; tolerated it well except for years of sleeplessness and it kept my bp in good range 128/77.  Now on Carvedilol my bp is higher with spikes.  I feel off, dizzy, vivid dreams turning into nightmare last night.  First few days I was having bad stomach pains until I started taking med after food.  I am afraid to take any other medications like Allergy meds and Ibuprofen.  I am also waking up with a headache and felt like I was having an allergic reaction. Rapid heart beat a little less.  Maybe side effects will subside?  I hope.
I got my mirena but in on September 28th on my 6 week post parteum appointment. My OBGYN talked so highly of it and actually talked me into it. I cramped so bad while having it put in. After it was all put in I felt fine...until I was driving home. Ever since then I 've had unbearable cramps, some days it 's hard to get out of bed to pick up my son. I had spotting on and off up until October 7th. I 've been bleeding more than my normal period and more intense cramps. I don 't know how much more I can take of this. I 'm trying to stick it out until Wednsday because if this is a normal period it should be gone by then. I 've only had sex once since I 've had it because of all the bleeding, it 's honestly taken a toll on mine and my husbands sex life.
I was on this birth control for about a year and a half and at first I liked it. I had completely stopped having a period all together. It is very convenient only having a shot every three months instead of taking a pill every day. But after about 6 months I had a change in appetite and was hungry all the time and in a years time I gained 30 pounds. My acne seemed to get worse and nothing would help. I went off the drug about a month ago and have already lost 10 pounds. It would be a great choice if not for those side effects.
Could only last 1 week on medication.  Side effects were pretty intense.  Dizziness, &quot;zoned out&quot; feeling, flat affect, tension in muscles.  I did lose 3 lbs during the week I was on it but gained it right back once I stopped.
Started on Triumeq exactly 1 month. Trying to understand that viral meds can have some side effect. This one has not been a pleasant experience. By all accounts I am very active and have a vigorous job that needs me to be alert. This med has worn me down physically and emotionally. I have no energy and Bad headaches. My body is achy constantly and the overall feeling of waiting to puke. I had to remove myself from work untilll I can figure if this is indeed the results of medication. I am beginning to think it is. The labs will tell more. I have never experienced sides before on any other meds. I was switching because of cholesterol # 's. I will most likely go back to Atripila. I have been living w this disease for 30 years.
Dalliresp did open me up but the side effects were bad so I had to stop it.  Diarrhea, nausea so bad I had to take medicine for it.  
Sooo, I only had the shot once I first got it on the 2nd day of my period at the end of June. My period continued regularly then the whole month of July I didn 't get a period then at the end of August I started bleeding it 's now the beginning of September and I 'm still bleeding (3weeks) I 'm due to go back sept 15 to get the shot but  I 'm kinda reconsidering.
I 've been on Qvar 40mg 2 shots twice a day, for over 12 months. My morning cough disappeared when I first started taking Qvar,then after several months it started again. I 've also noticed that I 've been having more sinus issues and respiratory infections. Flu like symptoms. I 'm 66 and usually never get sick,but I believe Qvar has compromised my immune system. I 've also notice a lack of energy and upper back pain and muscle aches in my thighs. My voice has be affected also. I don 't know why my doctor has me twice the recommended dosage. I have early stages of emphysema. I wonder if the side effects of Qvar are worth it.....I 'm going to stop Qvar and see what happens. I tired of feeling sick and rundown.
I was prescribed Effexor for anxiety and depression and  while it does work in some ways, it is not worth it. I was taking 75 mg once a day and it seemed to make me feel calmer and a little more at ease at first, but the side effects made me decide to stop it, and coming off was terrible. My side effects were inability to get any good sleep, taking forever to climax during sex, and never being able to get anything done. The overall feeling I felt was that everything just seemed blunted. Once I stopped the withdrawals were horrible. I felt hungover for about 4 days. In addition to that during the withdrawal time I would sometimes feel like I could just explode and punch a hole in the wall for no reason. Would never try again.
I have been prescribed Bactrim for a skin infection in the form of 2 boils 1 on my arm and 1 on my leg. I have been prescribed Bactrim 800/ 160 2x per day for 10 days. Started feeling horrible after the first dose. Extreme dizziness, stomach issues, headache by day 3, feeling dehydrated with weakness and joint pain and jaw pain, loss of appetite, insomnia. I am on day 5 and the dizziness is really bad I had to miss work. Only took half a dose this morning and considering stopping. Thinking I may be allergic to the sulfonomide as my grandmother is allergic and this is the first time I have ever taken this. Glad to see others have had a good experience. 
Solid erection and great sex, but didn 't get erection for hours afterwards (unlike Viagra). Side effects the next day were - tummy upset and headache/nausea. I guess I have to be careful - I had a few drinks beforehand (will need to cut that out). I also suffer from low blood pressure.
I was given to the clindamycin for a infection following a root canal. About 18 hours later after taking my first dose I was more or less drained of every ounce of energy that I had had the chills, light headed and extremely fatigued. The dr. That prescribed me this antibiotic never told me that I should take probiotics to replace all the bacteria that this medicine kills. After 5 days of being bedridden I discovered that I needed to take probiotics while taking this medicine. I thought I had the flu for sure with joint pain, chills and fatigue. I 'm a very active person with plenty of energy and for the most part in very healthy but because I did not get the proper instructions from my doctor this medicine floored me. Get proper instruction
I have been taking this medicine since June and recently increased my dose. This medication has not worked for me at all. I continue to have pain and swelling in my wrist and fingers. The only thing that works for me is prednisone.
I have been on my antidepressants (celexa, lexapro, effexor, prozac, lithium, lamictal just to name a few) lexapro seemed to work best for me, however after a couple years its effects have reduced and I started to get angry, easily annoyed, and I always get tired around 3 or 4 pm and need a siesta so to speak. My Dr put me on Wellbutrin SR HCL 100mg once a day to try and combat the tiredness from the lexapro. It was filled with the generic version. I must say both my wife and I notice it has worked wonders for my anger and agitation, however I am twice as sleepy and groggy on it and have to take it before I go to sleep and when I get up I 'm exhausted. Its doing the opposite of what almost every review I 've seen for me. Im going off of it asap.
I took for 3 yrs, Starts w/tummy ache. Then After 1.5 years I gained 10lbs, had tons of problems with my hair breaking, headaches off and on (never had a headache in my life), moody (unusual for me) chest pains, breast sore and plumper, As soon as I came off it within one week I dropped 5 lbs, now on my fourth week off and have lost 7.5 lbs. I have never had to count calories and had to watch every thing I ate on this med. I always took it out and rinsed it off after sex. I did not get pregnant.  Just a gut feeling I should not use it anymore bc of clots. I had no acne, my sex drive not affected on or off It. My skin glows off it and I feel great
I was on Yaz for 5 months. I 'm normally a really upbeat happy person. It turned me into an absolute monster. Very angry, all the time. I noticed it about two weeks after taking it.  The only good thing about it was that I experienced no hair loss, no weight gain. 
Well I started taking this about two months ago. While I know I haven 't been on it long I know I 've been on it long enough. Not only are the symptoms bad, but they all are pretty much happening. I go days with out eating because not only do I no longer want to eat, I can 't keep my food down when I do. Sleep forget about it, I never can gat any anymore. Dizzy, sweating, blurd vision, dry mouth, pretty much you name it and it 's happening to me. I will admit though besides the side effects the med did help. I have noticed that my anxiety has gotten better and I can go out and be around people more than I once could. While it 's been nice to actually be able to be around people again without me breaking down I can 't deal with the side effects.
Blecchh!  Effective but tasted like pure cough syrup.  I drank half of the mixture through a straw, followed by a ginger ale chaser, then did the second half the same way.  I didn 't throw up though and it did it 's job but the company needs to come up with something better.Also expensive and not covered by my insurance.
I 've had skyla for 8 months. Insertion was what I expected. Hurt but right after I went to the grocery store. Next day I hurt but took it easy around those house. I was 25 when I got it. 26 now, I was on lo lo estrin before this. For the last 5 years. With that I had no periods &amp; no cramps ever! I had to switch because I couldn 't afford the $120price tag. I 'm on month 8. I 've had nine periods. Most range 7-9 days and they come every 2 weeks. With horrible cramping 2-3 days. I break out now with bad acne. I 've never had bad skin. So to me sure I haven 't gotten pregnant but I 'm miserable about 50% of the time
Started taking Viibryd at the recommendation of my doctor to replace the sertraline  and buspirone I had been on before. First couple days on 10mg gave me nausea and dizziness, followed by a few days of incredible manic energy. I was getting things done at work like a maniac but when I got home I would be weak and dizzy and very sore. Woke up a week after starting  with crushing anxiety, depression, dizziness, and nausea so bad I had to call into work, I couldn 't hardly stand let alone drive myself. I was supposed to start the 20mg that day so I did hoping it would help but it just made the symptoms worse. I know side effects can be weird but I 've never had to miss work because of them before.
Starting Lexapro was tough.  Shivering with stomach cramps, for a week I constantly felt like I had taken some bad, terribly impure Ecstasy.Once I became acclimated to the drug, my postpartum anxiety disappeared; however, I was incredibly fatigued during the day.I also stopped caring about most things in general.  My house wasn 't as clean and creative endeavors came to a halt.  My short term memory declined.  It felt like my brain was muffled.I experienced lucid, unnerving dreams/nightmares most nights while taking Lexapro.I gained 8 pounds in the 8 months I took it, all in my middle.  It took a long time to get this off afterward.Getting off Lexapro was also tough, with back pain, insomnia, and 10 days of &quot;brain zaps&quot;.
Blurred vision while driving 70, Nightmares, terrible balance, falling in the shower (took 30-min to get back up) my 4 &amp; 6 year kids had to &quot;rescue&quot; me and turn off the water, Restless legs keeping me awake until all hours of the morning. 1 eye has twitched for 3 days now. Just to name a few of the side effects. This medicine needs to be an absolute last resort with doctors warning patients about all of these awful side effects prior to prescribing. I am a former licensed practical nurse, and this is unacceptable as far as side effects go.
My son is 7 and just started Intuniv about a month ago. He has ADHD, BiPolar and Intermittent Explosive Disorder. He is currently on a lot of medicines. They started in on Intuniv because he was unable to focus at school and extremely hyper. With him being bipolar it is very hard for them to treat his ADHD because the stimulant medicines make him go crazy. He tries to hurt himself and others while on those. He is on 1mg on the Intuniv and we 've yet to see any good effects from it. He has never been able to sleep well, they told me this would help with that. But sadly it hasn 't. He is on a sleeping pill as well. He still tends to wake up very early in the morning. Some mornings it 's 2am some it 's 4. They told us to go ahead and add another sleep aid.
So I got the it put in about a year ago and have had no problems out of it till now. My left arm where it is has been going numb for long periods at a time. My periods are still the same if not better and I am not pregnant. I can 't gained weight or lose it. But I am tired a lot and I get mad very easy. I 'm very concerned about my arm going numb tho! Going tomorrow to see about it!!!
I have been on Microgestin for about six months now. At first, I thought it was great. However, at this point I have gained 15 pounds since I started it. It definitely does its job though... I NEVER WANT SEX! I am shocked by how unappealing sex has become since starting Microgestin. I literally have lost all signs of a sex drive. Also, my acne started out great, but has gotten worse in the last few months. I am probably going to switch soon. This is miserable.
I have been on this birth control for quite sometime I had many side effects such as weight gain, dizziness/Lightheadedness, nausea, vomiting, severe onset of migraines and headaches, moodiness. It was a great way to regulate my period and protect against pregnancy I have been on it for 5 years. I stopped taking it for at least 6 months to a year and all of the side effects were gone, however, I became active again and started taking it I have been on it for more than 6 months now and have gained more weight, more headaches/migraines, more moodiness, increased dizziness and lightheadedness, it was a good way to start my periods regularly and to get them on track, but I can do without all of these side effects and being tired all the time.
I began at 1.5 then titrated to 3mg dosage. At first, I loved the medicine, as it completely eliminated my depressive symptoms and helped regulate my sleep. However, after being on the medicine for two weeks, I developed Akisthesia and was told to stop. However, for those who do not experience TDS or EPS from the medicine, I imagine this will be a solid option to consider. Just be warned- the most common side effect listed is &quot;restlessness,&quot; which hit me hard and fast.
I have been on Wellbutrin 150mg for 3 days now, doc said to up the dose to 300 mg after my first week, it has been hell to say the least. I have had terrible migraines, a very  'slumpled/sluggish ' feeling, and I can 't sleep!!! If anything, I feel worse! I just want this terrible phase to be over! *one thing positive I will add is that it has helped me with my weight tremendously - I have lost 10 pounds in 10 days. Loosing about a pound a day on this medication.
I have severe symptoms and after 4 doses, Imodium AD has NOT worked for me.  Symptoms continue despite treatment with Imodium AD.
I experienced decreased physical ability, lost muscle tone and stamina. My sexual desire dropped sharply. I was unable to motivate myself and had no desire to do anything. This drug takes away individual thought and makes you do things without the desire or want to do them.
I used Xiidra for about 5 weeks. Half the time I only used it once a day.  I experienced the blurry vision which for me lasts about 20 minutes.  I also had the bad taste - bitter is more like it.  That lasts about 10 minutes.I hoped it would help but I have not experienced any change in my dry eyes.So, if you are the are helping you in a dramatic way, then you are one of the lucky ones.  It seems to be hit or miss depending on who knows what.
Severe constipation
I 've been on TRT for 10 years, was managed well initially with injections, saw a new MD who switched me to testopel.  I have not had a great response, I am on maximal dosage   2 compounded pellets added.  The levels of Free T I achieve are only good for about a month to month and a half post  implant.  It has been a year since starting them, I do not like them and will request to return to injections.  This is just my experience, I understand it works well for many others.  My T levels total when diagnosed was 54 ng/dl.  I have crashed multiple times going below 90 twice.
Joint pain in elbow.
I have palmar hyperhidrosis. When I used this, it didn 't work for me at all. My sweat literally sweated off the medication. I used every night all summer long and got no results. I 've been struggling for at least 3 years.
I 've been on Concerta before and decided to try Adderall. I loved the results, ultra focused. At the beginning I was incredibly happy with it. Unfortunately, I had a severe allergic reaction to it. I 'm not allergic to any other medicines but for some reason Adderall got me. If you get extremely itchy on the medicines stop taking it. I kept taking it for a while because I loved the results and the itching got really bad.
This was clearly not the medicine for me. The sleeping for 2 days once I went on it thing was okay. I needed it. But it made me so hungry that I gained 30 pounds, so tired that When I took this I cared about nothing, so bored and apathetic so quickly that my life felt without meaning. I began lactating 3 weeks in, and I couldn 't concentrate on school. If anything, I got more paranoid...no voices, but OCD and paranoia and agitation through the roof. I was on 0.5 mg in the beginning and eventually went up to 3 mg.
Then everything went haywire. Psychiatrist kept me going until I was at 120mg a day. Depression worsened, experienced disassociative episodes (foggy memory while on these episodes where I do not remember certain events), increased headaches, insomnia, irritability, and suicidal thoughts.I 'm appalled that my psychiatrist thought it was ok to keep increasing the dose until it was more than double what I was taking initially (20mg) despite symptoms getting much worse. During this time I also had 0 access to adequate talk therapies, whether in a group setting or 1-1 with a trained counselor. I am absolutely sickened that these dangerous drugs are promoted as a band-aid fix all solution when talk therapies are completely disregarded.
I 've been backed up for over a week. I took some M.O.M and it didn 't work til 12 hours later.
He was doing so well on this treatment. But then he had a sudden cardiac arrest. It took 16 hours to get his heart to stabilize. He was shocked more than 20 times. He remains in the hospital three weeks later. His heart, brain, lungs are damaged. He cannot walk. He is a father of 2 teens and had just celebrated his 47th birthday.
Sure just take a pill and your life is going to be good. I went to the doctor for sleep and said I was stressed, so they give me an antidepressant. People don 't realize this stuff changes your brain and is bad for you. You just need exercise and good nutrition and it will change your life (I think). I 'm only going to try it for two weeks just to feel what people are saying they feel. The doctor should have given me xanax or something simaliar. I 've seen some antidepressants do some bad nasty things to people. Not to mention these side effects they cause.
This medicine helped me sleep. I felt tired most of the morning hours. I 've tried varying doses. Now I 'm trying to get off of it. I 'm taking 5 HTP, which seems to help me. But it didn 't do anything for my fibromyalgia.
I have had Mirena since March of 2009 (so a year and a month total). The insertion was a little painful even though I 've had 2 children. The first few months after that I thought it was great. I was getting shorter lighter periods, cramping was normal. But, over a year I started to realize my major mood swings. I went from a sweet person to raging. I started to get severe pains in my right hip and side, severe bleeding where I doubled up on the sanitaries and still bled through, no sex drive and I have had a few instances where I have lost feeling in my legs. I will have it removed. Hopefully all of this will go away and I will be back to my peachy self.
I 've been on the pill for about 2 weeks. So far I have been spotting every single day and have been breaking out with pimples on my face. No sign in weight gain. Will keep y 'all updated as I progress in my birth control journey.
I got Nexplanon 10/25/12 2 weeks after the birth of my son an it made me very emotional, mean, and irritable. I 've gained over 20 lbs.
I have been taking this antibiotic for an infected wisdom tooth 3 days in and it has made the pain worse doesn 't seem to be working at all I have a 1 week course I 'll give it till Monday then I 'm back at the dentist!!!
So I have been taking Lyza for 5 months now. If I am 1hour or more late on taking my pill then I will automatically start a bleeding cycle for 5 days at least. I have no clue when my period actually is anymore. I also have had a 15 pound weight gain. I have also been losing hair, been depressed, and other odd things. I do not like this birth control at all, does not work well with my body.
I first would like to thank all of you that posted comments. After reading them, I felt I 'm not alone. It 's not just happening to me, there is nothing wrong with me. I 'm 34, with one child and had Mirena for 5 months. The insertion was almost painless and the first month was fine. Right now, I have gained 10lbs, loss of sex drive, have headaches, back pain, insomnia, constipation, hair loss and general depression - OF COURSE that 's going to cause to have mood swings. I 'm waiting on an appointment to have it removed. ANOTHER IMPORTANT ASPECT is that I had suffered from postpartum depression after the birth of my child 4 years ago and honestly I was worried that these side effects (especially  depression) were a sign that I was still not okay.
I was put on Avelox for a horrible sinus infection, and chest congestion. My doctor never mentioned any of the possible side effects. Within an hour of taking the first dose, I became very tired, weak, and I had heart palpitations and I had overwhelming anxiety. I am now on day 5, and the side effects have only progressed. The joint pain, and muscle cramping , heart fluttering, fatigue, muscle weakness, nausea, blurred vision, loss of appetite, and tremors are enough to scare anyone. It has helped my congestion and sinus infection, but there are other antibiotics that are just a good and so much safer. 
Been on for about 7 months. Sex drive has been gone since starting. Sex hurts if tried and I 'm very emotional constantly. Gained a bunch of weight. Haven 't had my period in 4 months only some spotting.
I started taking this as birth control about 5 months after the birth of my first child.  I am in the middle of week 7, and its not going good so far. I haven 't had any weight gain yet, however, have headaches almost everyday. Along with middle acne, and I 've been bleeding enough to use a tampon for about ten days. I 'm going to take it until the end of pack one, but being 22 with a 6 month old, attending school full time I can 't handle the bleeding, headaches, and exhaustion, if they continue!
I 've been using Zymar for a week for conjunctivitis and it has had only a slight improvement. Everyday I kept hoping for the redness to go away. I used something else last year and got results within 3 days. The doctors are resistant to changing the medication, but it is certainly indicated. I 've been out of work for a week. I 'm frustrated.
I have muscle problems in my upper and lower back from carrying drums in drumline in high school. My back hurts constantly every day (but a very tolerable and mild pain). But those of you with back problems know that you have good days and bad days. On the bad days I started taking 800mg Skelaxin, and it did absolutely nothing for my pain. It provided the same amount of relief that 2 or 3 Aleve provides.
New to this birth control, my pharmacy ran out of my Tri- sprintec; experiencing bad stomach pains, heavier periods, and outrageous mood swings. Has curbed my hunger and have lost weight, while keeping extremely dehydrated too.
I have been on Aviane for about a year now and by far the worst side effect of it is the weight gain and breast tenderness. I haven 't experienced any other negative side effects. I 've gained 20 pounds in the last year, I feel frequently hungry, and more recently, bloated all the time. I 've gained an entire cup size which under any other circumstances would perhaps be nice but I already had larger breasts for my small frame and now they 're just out of control. To go from 5 '4 with large Cs to gaining 20lbs and large Ds is just really very uncomfortable. I have unsuccessfully tried to lose the weight but I have now decided to change my birth control entirely.
I was diagnosed with stage 1 hormone receptive breast cancer in January 2016.  I had 20 radiation treatments.  I 've had chronic back pain for about 20 years. At first I took  Arimidex and my pain got worse.  I got pain in my left groin and muscles in back &amp; front of my legs.  I went to PT for 3 months and the minute I stopped, all the pain came back with a vengeance. I took myself off, but the pain never went away.  Now I 'm on femara. I still have pain in my back, both hips, right groin this time and my left shoulder and down right leg.  I 've had a month of PT with no improvement.  Has anyone had pain so bad you can 't walk. It goes away for a day, then comes back for 3, then goes away again?
I do NOT recommend this birth control to anyone, I have had the implant for a little over two years now, and I 'm going to wait out the 3 years because it has been so effective at preventing pregnancy...however, the side effects such as moodiness, depression, and constant bleeding are causing me to switch my method next year. I have periods that last for months on months, and my sex drive has gone down so much. I feel so awful for my spouse because if and when we do have sex it 's during a period which is pretty gross. :(
I 've been dealing with IC for over a year-and-a-half now and nothing seems to help me I 've been on elmiron hydroxyzine and taking desert Harvest freeze dried aloe vera capsules. I 've tried Cold compressions on vaginal area and sitz bath and have eliminated a lot of things out of my diet. Having this has changed my life completely and knowing that it is not curable makes me feel like I have no hope for the future. I sure wish I could get some kind of relief and don 't want to do the bladder stretching surgery.HELP
Got sick a good three times during the first week and felt dizzy. Continued to take it for another 2 weeks every morning but it made me drowsy to the point that I had to take a nap everyday. Switched to taking it at night before bed and could not sleep at all. On a positive note I did notice my concentration levels increased a bit but was surprised how I could read an article or a textbook and remember the information I had just read.
I had a very negative reaction with this birth control. I only took the first pill...ONE pill.... and the entirety of the next day I had chest pain, shortness of breath, dizziness, blurry vision and anxiety. I honestly felt like I was going to die. My chest felt like it was going to explode. I went to urgent care and they found all of my vitals to be completely normal, but that the pill was making me physically feel these affects that weren 't really there. They told me that I didn 't have to stop taking it, but I never took another one because I would rather not be on birth control at all than to feel like that every again.
My mother (74) was prescribed Aricept when she was diagnosed about 5 years ago. She had very few side effects and seemed less anxious. However, there was no noticeable change in cognitive function, which has deteriorated fairly rapidly, especially in the last 2 years. It is hard to say whether the drug had any positive effect as I will never know what my mother would have been like without it. It may or may not have slowed the progression of the Alzheimer 's.
I took Bactrim for a spider bite that was infected. The nausea and vomiting was unbearable but my wound was almost gone after a day. I think I would rather have vomiting than have an infection. 
I love the twice a year shot.  The company is.awesome and very helpful.  But....1st shot no side effects, 2nd shot left groin pain for about a week, 3rd shot and now right sided groin pain since October that goes to my thigh, hip and pelvic bone.  Pain is severe at times.  Also thyroid problem is worse (not sure if related) and right side lower back pain.  I can no longer take the medication.
Flomax improved my ability to pee however it also made me listless and I experienced dizziness when changing positions suddenly. After a (1) month trial I am giving it up. For me the benefits are not worth the side effects.
I was on Lexapro for about 5 weeks, did notice some moderate signs of lifting out of depression, but the side effects forced me, with the doctor 's urging, to go off it.  Got both serious insomnia and serious drowsiness during the day and inability to get orgasms.
I was pretty disappointed by Vistaril. I asked my psychiatrist about it hoping it helps in addition with the Zoloft I was taking to cure my itchiness, anxiety, sedation, and allergies. The only thing I saw improve were my allergies, and not by much. Yes I have only been on Vistaril 12 days, but still I was disappointed with the results. One Benadryl and one Zyrtec a night was more helpful than this. Oh well I guess I 'll have to keep looking.
I am an adult with ADD. I took Strattera according to my doctors recommendations, starting with 25mg and upping the dosage to 80mg gradually for 6 weeks. I noticed nausea almost immediately after I started taking the medicine along with unusual bouts of tiredness. I continued with the plan as I was told some of the initial side effects would ease as my body became accustomed. The side effects began to get worse, with frequent sweats, occasional sore throat, EXTREME tiredness, and the worst constipation I have ever had. I will say that my ability to stay focused was improved dramatically, but the side effects made it impossible to stay on the medicine.
Flow has improved, but I have the equivalent of a permanent head cold.  After two months, I have trouble breathing through my nose, and sleep fully.  It 's not worth it.  I will try Avodart, and if that doesn 't work, I will have surgery.
I haven 't noticed a great deal of pain relief with Cymbalta but works well for depression and other related issues.
I 'm a 23 years old and I  have mild-moderate acne but will get very bad cystic jaw line break outs for the past 4-5 years.  2-4 large cyst (take long to heal) per month but also have few pesky pimples that show up. I was prescribed 50mg 2x day mino about 2 years ago my face had gotten very bad 2-5 cyst per week. This worked wonders for a few months then slowly got off pill, Since I was experiencing stomachs issues.  4 months ago placed back on mino 100mg x 2 a day helped in preventing largest cyst still not perfect but was happy. ****warning***  got tinnitus- TERRIBLE RINGING IN EARS!!!!!!!!!!! About 1 month into use developed this awful heart beat swosh sound in ears. Since stopping sound has completely stopped. Be careful.
This is my second week with my first nuvaring. So far I don 't like it, my face has broken out. I have the worst stomach pain and migraines!!!!! Yesterday I thought I was dying, my whole body was shaking because it hurt so bad! Overall the NR makes me feel like I 'm dying from the inside 
Slightly improved frequency of urination, but much sexual dysfunction. Seeking an alternative.
This medication works for me for a few hours, most of the time, when I get in a bind and HAVE to leave the house but I experience a wicked backlash of increased diarrhea for days after the one dose wears off.
I was on Metformin (1000mg twice a day) and my A1C pretty much stayed at 6.0 to 6.2.  Then another doctor (a flight surgeon) advised me to switch to Janumet 50/500 twice a day because he felt I was taking too much Metformin.  Now my A1C is up to 6.4 and my glucose has jumped to the 240-250 range after a light breakfast (V8, low carb cereal and coffee).  So next week I am going back to discuss other options with my regular doctor.
I wish I could say that Buspar helped me.  I was really hoping that I would have the same experience as some of the individuals here.  I think the Buspar actually made my anxiety worse. However, I didn 't feel any side effects until I took it for about 2 weeks.  I had the dizziness and fatigue that many have commented on, but also the less common side effects like gastrointestinal problems, nausea, confusion, and lack of concentration.  I had to stop taking it because it was impairing me so badly.  I hope that this medication works for others but it, unfortunately, did not for me.
Please think twice about this medication. I struggled with cystic acne from middle school until now (I 'm 35).  I took Accutane and it cleared up my skin for several years. It does seem like a miracle pill and the results were impressive.  However, the side effects listed are REAL and can happen years after taking the medicine. It is not worth it.  I was diagnosed with colitis and that is way worse than having bad skin.  I wish I had never taken Accutane because now I will have to deal with stomach pain, bleeding, diarrhea and taking medication for the rest of my life.
I have a sore throat. I spray once and let it sit in the area for 20 secs then spit out. The numbing only stays for about 10 mins. Obviously the soreness starts to come back. With another spray and about 10 mins later still the numbing goes away. It says use every 2 hours if needed. I need more spraying. 
I took Savella for about 45 days. I started out on the titration pack. The more I took it the worse I felt: nausea, headaches, dizziness, dry mouth, dry eye balls, etc. While taking Savella I was also taking 40mg of paroxetine, which I have been taking since 1997. My doctor decided that I should come off the paroxetine and increase the Savella to 200mg. I couldn 't do it at the same time. So I weened myself off of the Savella in about a week and now I am in my second week of weening myself off of the paroxetine. I don 't know if I will try Savella if I get off paroxetine or not. I have come off paroxetine before to try other drugs: Efexor,Celexa,Lyrica,Cymbalta, but always went back.
I have been on Trinessa for 10 months. So far I have had breast tenderness, fatigue, weight gain, 104lb to 127lb (yes huge difference,) lower abdomen pain. Headaches, mood swings not so much but I do cry a lot and I mean a lot. The pill is doing its job although I 've had one scare. My periods comes three days late and last about 3-6 hours, my period hasn 't been longer than a day. And it 's light very light like spotting. Trinessa is a good pill it has done its job but the sides effects are like symptoms of pregnancy. I could do without the side effects.
Was on Cymbalta 60mg. for a few years for depression with  all my other medications and the side effects causing dry mouth for all these years. Taking a depression medicine will cause your teeth to start going bad. So bout 7 months ago after a RN nurse told me about depression medicines having this side effect and that Cymbalta will cause my teeth to start falling out my mouth  my doctor switched me to Lexapro 10mg. I have lost more teeth in the past 7 months than I did on Cymbalta 60mg. And I have started using mouth rinse for dry mouth. Cause I keep a dry mouth with all this medication I 'm on.  And still hurt everyday. Still depressed, still have anxiety at times. I have headaches, restless nights, pain and numbness in lower legs  that can 't be explained 
Originally on Syeda, was switched to Ocella last month and this month and have had a continuous yeast infection.
My daughter started taking minocycline 3 years ago at 14 for her acne. It worked well enough until she began having severe muscle and joint pain. We had no reason to blame the minocycline. A rheumatologist diagnosed drug-induced lupus. Even after stopping the minocycline, and starting Naproxen for the inflammation , (so bad that she could barely sit down, raise her arms above her head, or even walk) she got worse. An MRI with injected dye revealed severe muscle inflammation, and the Dr has put her on prednisone 40mg for a month, tapering to 30 and eventually off it. The prednisone helped her within hours. It may take a year for her to recover.
This medicine turned me into a zombified eating machine.  I put on 30 pounds in one month.  It was also extremely sedating. 
cymbalta mase me vomit I took 2 at 30 mg 2 days in a row thesame vomiting was given samples by my doctor not sure what I should do I take lyrica does not help take 300mg a day thank u would love feed back on this
Took this for only 3 weeks before having to stop. Caused a lump in my right breast, sad mood, daily constant nausea, and NO sex drive.
This drug would have gotten a lower score from me if it had not done the job so well of dilating the eye and thus stopping the severe pain I was experiencing from spasms of the iris.  However, I almost gave it a 1 because of the severe side effects I experienced: anxiety, panic, feelings of dread, severe disorientation, uncoordination, confusion, tremors.  I experienced these symptoms after only my third scheduled dose and have been taken off the drug by by opthamologist.
I got on this pill specifically from my doctor because I was still nursing. She insured me this is pill to get on so my milk supply would not dry up. WRONG. I took it for about 6 days -on the 6th day I started pumping and absolutely nothing came out. Just empty. I also started bleeding. Not heavy very light. I got off of it immediately.
Sat up in bed at 5 in the morning.  I 've taken 3 of my recommended dose. When I  swallow them it feels like they are the size of a pineapple can somebody please tell me when the antibiotics will start working. I 've had two 10lb babies but nothing compares to this gum pain
Usually works for severe spasms in my upper back, neck, ect. This time was horrible. ended up in hospital 6 days later with uncontrollable trap pain, despite having someone massage for hours.  No relief. My arms also went weak, could not even lift a cup. Ironically, usually pain in muscles all goes away and sometimes I have a weak Left arm, but I deal with it. This time, pain increased all over back and neck, ribs, arms, I could not lift anything or do anything. Hospital 5 days to try and relieve pain.  Follow up with dr. in 4 more days. I will not get it again, as it did nothing for pain relief and caused both arms to not raise and have no strength and caused more pain because of it.
Had severe mood swings, dry eyes to the point of not being able to wear contacts, weight gain, breast tenderness.  
I 've been on Microgestin Fe 1/20 now for a little over 2 years. I haven 't gotten my period since I started taking it. My doctors don 't know why but don 't seem to be too alarmed. I noticed I am emotional and I have the urge to cry about the SILLIEST of things. I don 't think it has made me gain weight, if so no more than 5 pounds. 
I started latuda last May for my schizophrenia. I developed schizophrenia when I was 16 (4 years ago) but after being on like 6 billion types of medications, this one seemed to work best..the side effects were the worst! I remember one experience clearly. I was on vacation at the beach last summer and I took a latuda pill before going out to eat with my family. It kicked in after 30 min time. All of a sudden, I began feeling extremely sleepy, dizzy, and I had EXTREME akathisia? So terrible, I couldn 't explain it and to top it off, my heart was racing I was having a panic attack! In the restaurant! And at the same time I was sleepy as hell, but I kept my cool. My mum took me back to the hotel where I immediately fell asleep..terrible
Once I got it put in, I immediately regretted it. I had a period 2 wks after I got it put in and it was the heaviest bleeding I 've had and to top it I had awful cramps. I never cramped during my regular menstrual cramps so this was weird.  At the end of my period I noticed chunks of tissue (I know TMI) coming out with my tampons. Talked to the doctor and she said it was normal to have it since my body wasn 't used to all the progesterone. So I kept it in but other symptoms followed-mood swings, depression, hair loss, back acne, low sex drive, continuous spotting, nightmares, low self esteem, pain in ovariesThe only good  thing I would say is that I don 't have to take a pill everyday and I haven 't gotten pregnant. But I do plan on removing it.
Hi, i just started 2 days ago and the only side effects so far us nausea and feeling sleepy however I have been getting good sleep so far compared to before. I will probably post again after 2 weeks. For as rating I haven 't been on it long enough to really score on it.
I got my first dose Feb. 24th. I cramped for about 3 weeks. I started to spot around March 20. I 've been bleeding heavy on and off Since March 22 to present. Its horrible. I have serious mood swings. My face has broken out badly.  And I 'm always tired and constantly eating. My body feels weak maybe due to lose of to much blood. I won 't be getting my second dose in May!
I 'm still hoping this drug will actually produce some results, but it hasn 't made a difference yet. What it has done though is make me feel REALLY lethargic, to the point I stopped taking it in the morning as I was directed, because I 'd be unable to function at all. But now that I take it at night, I still feel lethargic, but I cannot actually fall asleep or stay asleep. I just feel like a drugged out mess. Also, I read this can cause weight gain and excessive hunger, but I 'm the opposite. I have zero appetite. I 'm not impressed yet, but I 'm encouraged by so many others who say it 's helped them. So I 'm gonna try a little longer.
I 've never felt so sick in my life. My blood pressure shot up to the upper 100s, and I felt like I was going to pass out.
It was effective for my allergies, however it caused many side effects that are listed nowhere! Depression, anxiety, confusion and sleepiness that was so pronounced I had to pull over while driving. This was the Nondrowsy formula. There are 11 other people who had similar reactions in the support in drugs.com group, under the drug name. I 'll deal with my allergies rather than end up in the psych ward.
I have taken Sominex for a few days now and still wake up after 2-3 hours sleep and can 't get back to sleep again. I am so tired. Yet I can fall asleep in the chair really easy in the day. I was hoping Sominex would work but so far it really hasn 't.
Have been on sertraline and citalapram both unsuccessfully in the past, Mirtazapine was a final resort and whilst for the most part my low mood and anxiety has surpassed the side effects of this drug are way too much to handle. I couldn 't leave the house for the first three days as the exhaustion was too much I was sleeping twelve hours at night at taking two three hour naps during the day.It has also had a horrible affect on my appetite-I cannot stop eating and have put on a fair amount of weight, but the drowsiness that the drug gives means I struggle to exercise. This and the fact that the drug has given me a peculiar feeling that I 'm floating or uneasy on my feet. Several times I have had to grab the wall to steady myself.Not for me!!
I wish somebody had told me how addictive this drug is before I started taking it.  Had I known how bad the withdrawal symptoms were, I probably would never have gone on it.  (Although that might be a good thing, as I need(ed) to be on it.)  It has definitely helped.  The worst thing is HAVING to take it...literally.  It 's a full-out physical addiction.  If we go somewhere and it doesn 't get packed, I 'm in trouble.  It 's NOT something to be taken for short-term or seasonally.  Other than the withdrawals the main side effect is sweating.  I shower every morning and by mid-afternoon I have to put Kleenexes or some sort of absorbing pad in my arm pits!  In the past 17 years, I 've also been on Paxil, Celexa, Prozac, Lexapro, and one other.
I 'm always tired and moody! I always feel sad and get angry and rageful very easily. I 'm emotional and I no longer feel the desire to do the things I used to enjoy, waking up is a task every morning, my job has become more difficult and I feel like I 've lost all my motivation, I can 't wait too be off the Nuvaring I 'm hoping I can go on an IUD or something better. I haven 't gained any weight and I 've been on it for two years but the side effects just aren 't worth it. My husband and I seem to argue more and more. My breasts hurt all the time I feel nauseous and sick constantly and the smells of certain food make me sick. I might as well be pregnant.
After 2 1/2 years of horrible acne, during which I was on antibiotics &amp; topicals that never ended up working, my dermatologist and Dr. suggested I should try birth control. I went to Planned Parenthood and was put on Microgestin Fe 1/20. After about 6 months on this pill, I actually lost weight (due to nausea at first), breasts grew, lighter periods every month, and no change in everything else. As for my acne, it probably got better about 40%, but still had at least 3-5 pimples/cysts all the time and no reduction in face oiliness. Trial and error, now trying Ortho Tri Cyclen.
I switched to this birth control after being on another pill for five years. I 've been on this pill for three months. I 've gained noticeable weight, solely because I feel like I cant stop eating. Even more so, I 'm exhausted all the time, my energy is low. I 'm a very active person and its becoming increasingly difficult to keep up with the work outs. This is NOT me. I 've also had headaches (and migraines) almost everyday. These headaches are debilitating. I 've had to call out of work because my head was pounding and I was overwhelmed with nausea. I 'm currently working with my OB to find an alternative. I 'm sure this pill would be great for someone, but its not the one for me.
I 've been on Nuvaring for about 6 months now Pros:Convenient, easy to remember (hormones can last up to 5wks) not a lot of breast tenderness, breasts got bigger, no TERRIBLE mood swings (much less than when I was on Trinessa/Glidess.. but still a little more moody than usual), didn 't get pregnantCons: INSANE mood swings during PMS, I 've gained about 15 pounds without any change in exercise/diet and I 've stayed between 110-115 my entire life (I 'm now 130??), was convinced I had an STD because I was getting UTIs after intercourse (I don 't), sometimes its hard to put in, has fallen out a couple of times. I like it, but it 's not great and I cannot stand the weight gain. Will be switching to the skyla IUD
So I 've been going back and forth between Sprintec and Depo for the last year. I was on Sprintec from the age of 16 because of horrible cramping. I loved the pill but could never remember to take it so I was on my period all of the time. I tried depo, I don 't really remember the first time taking it except for having some vaginal dryness and I lost my boobs (at 20 years old not the most exciting combination). So I got back on the pill, same issues of forgetting to take it and went back to depo for some reason I can 't explain to myself. It was a horrible decision. My mood swings are ridiculous, my anger is out of control, I 'm constantly bloated, I 've become very constipated, spotting comes out of no where, and I 'm constantly exhausted.
I have been on Implanon for 9 months now.  I feel very confident in its ability to prevent pregnancy.  I have had no weight gain, very little acne, no cramps or bloating, and no mood swings.  However, I have been on my period for 9 months.  In addition to the bleeding, I also have a very low sex drive, vaginal dryness, and it also drys out my eyes irritating my contact lenses.  I will be getting my Implanon removed next month due to the abnormal bleeding I 've had.  I feel very protected against pregnancy on Implanon, there is no &quot;missing a pill&quot; or &quot;taking a pill late&quot; that used to worry me.  Having the Implanon inserted didn 't hurt at all, the doctor will numb your arm before.  I did have some bruising for about a week after wards.
I 'm taking this Bc I got switched onto it from a different one .. I 've been so moody my boyfriend and I have been going through a rough time because  of my moods.. we used to have sex 3-5 days a week now I don 't want him to even touch me.. It 's basically ruined our relationship , the pill isn 't great and doesn 't help acne at all
Helped sleep but caused restless legs syndrome.
Worked a couple of times but does not work the third time.  May be my body get used to it.
This bc helped with acne but I also used epiduo with it. The first month was great no nausea or headaches(I 'm prone to headaches). My acne was mild and this pill helped clear it up a lot, along with epiduo. The 2nd month was where all the problems started. Within 2 days of the first week I started getting headaches along with nausea and vomiting. It was awful I threw up every night while taking this. I had a headache for 4 days straight as well. I 'm not even to my second week of the second month of taking this and I can 't do it anymore it 's not worth it for me. My hormones are crazy, I 'm not use to being so emotional and crying all the time. I wanted this pill to help clear up my mild acne, but I don 't care anymore, this isn 't worth it.
My doctor prescribed me this for insomnia. It makes me sleepy but makes me disconnect from reality, become very sad, and have extremely vivid nightmares.
Definitely helps me sleep through the panic/anxiety/insomnia at night, my side effects were quite severe -  daytime fatigue, irritability, dry mouth and rapidly deteriorating vision (blurred). As a very short-term aid, this drug was great, but after 3 months, I 'm ready to go drug-free and see how I feel.
This is a great pill if you want to significantly shorten your period, but not so great if you want clear skin or minimal PMS symptoms. The acne is ridiculous, and in my experience, it made me break out all throughout the month, not just around the time of my period. The mood swings were extremely noticeable. My boyfriend and I have never fought as much as when I was on this pill.  
I have been on this medication for 3.5 weeks and have lost only 2 lbs. I was on Phentermine a few months before starting Contrave and lost nothing with that medication as well. I eat healthy and exercise 4-5 times a week. I 'm so frustrated because nothing is working. Anyone else have similar issues?
Worst bc out of all three I have tried. I switched because this pill was much cheaper, now I know why.I gained over 5 pounds in only one pack (month). It gave me cystic acne and before my skin was clean. No babies w unprotected sex but still, I will be switching back to my previous pill.
The pressure in my head is gone but I have been getting extreme nausea and fatigue since I started it 5 days ago.
I have been on Trinessa in the past for acne and it had worked beautifully. I went off of it for 2 years and just got back on and am on pack 2. Unfortunately, I am having a terrible time adjusting. I spotted (or straight up just bled) for the entire first pack. I am struggling with anxiety and random panic attacks and constantly feel depressed. I 'm also breaking out in hives. I 've been taking the pill at night and like clockwork, I breakout just shortly after I take the pill.
I 've been on Gianvi for 3 months. I feel like a crazy person. My emotions are through the roof and I get random spurts of horrible anger and irritation. The first two months I didn 't notice much, it all came at once. My breasts are almost unbearably sore, and it has done nothing for my horrible heavy period and painful cramps. I feel like I 'm PMSing constantly. It 's just not working for me. Hopefully others have had a better experience than I. I can 't wait to switch to something new.
Tried for 3 months because all other types of pills were causing me ovulation cyst problems. Jolvette made me gain weight bloat break out on my face feel depressed have low libido and very swollen soar breasts. This pill is not worth the issues. I 'm stopping immediately. I have never gain weight on a pill like this. I work out and am pretty fit. Hopefully I can loose it.
I started taking Ocella in March of 2016. It was the very first time I tried birth control and I am 26 years of age. I got on birth control because I am in a serious relationship but I am not ready for children and I wanted something to help me with my bad cramps and vomiting on the first days of my period. During the first week after my period I experienced breakthrough bleeding for about a month. Things were fine until I began having yeast infections. The first that I just thought ok it just a yeast infection. However I began to consistently experience them at least every month since then. I 'm thinking of switching the pill as soon as I can to see if that helps. Besides this unrelenting side effects my breasts have become larger.
Just started using Cymbalta. I am a male 38 years old. Own my own business and pretty much lost desire to do anything. Life just seems to be really tough inside of me. I hope I can find some good results.
I am 30 yo female and have been taking Zoloft for 4 days now &amp; I am definitely starting to feel a difference. My thoughts don 't race constantly &amp; I don 't worry constantly about every terrible thing that could potentially happen to me or my family. I 've been more patient with my kids &amp; less picky at my husband. I had nausea for the first day but that passed. I still feel tired a lot though and have had some tightness in my chest. My most uncomfortable side effect is feeling the need to yawn all the time. The other reviews have given me hope that if I wait it out my side effects will improve. Thanks to all of you for sharing your experiences.
5mg is not effective  10mg is too strong   I would like a 7+mg tablet
Yaz was great for about three months. Then with time I suddenly started to become too overbearing for many people in my life. I was always high strung, and I had intense symptoms of PMS. It got to the point where my family and friends basically ignored me for two weeks and I lost a relationship from it. It helped give me the estrogen I was lacking while being a great birh control, the PMS factor just overrided the others.
I had a pretty mild yeast infection and had been using my home remedies for about 5 days with no relief. My boyfriend willingly picked up Monostat 1 day treatment for me (he was just as ready as I was). I popped it in right before going to bed. I woke up about an hour later with an extreme, deep itching. I felt like my entire rectum was being tickled with a feather. Or perhaps it was more like ants crawling inside of my anus. I grabbed some ice cube and wrapped them in a towel and began rubbing my vagina. I yelled out in pain. Then I began scouring the internet. Coconut oil became my best friend. I was rubbing it on every 10 minutes. But alas it subsided and it seems my yeast infection is gone as well.
Thank you girls for sharing your experiences about this drug. I feel so much better now knowing I 'm not the only one with &quot;the side-effects&quot;. I was on this pill for 3 months. I used to get the Depo-Shot and I gained almost 30 lbs from that (I know). While I was on the pill: PROS: no break-outs, mild cramps, no heavy periods just spotting, bloating disappearedCONS: my boobs hurt, no sex drive, emotionally wreck, very moody, I thought I was going crazy. It 's been a month since I got off this pill: PROS: sex drive gone wild lol &amp; slowly getting my energy back. CONS: bloating is back, painful cramps every now and then, moody AF (still), paranoia(still), I 'm one of those people who still feel &quot;empty&quot; inside, breakouts.
I started linzess june 1. The first day it worked with pain and bloating. I overlooked all of that because I 'm in desperate need of having a normal bowel movement. Mind you if I don 't take a laxative I will not go for up to two weeks. The second day nothing, thrid day nothing and so on. What gives I followed the directions and everything.  I started gaining weight also. I just came to the conclusion that I will take it on and off. Its not working for me anyway and gaining weight is a no no!
Adderall worked okay on me, but I wanted to try this to see if it worked better and without side effects. I 'd heard good things, but for me it did not work out. My anxiety spiked. I noticed my heart rate felt too fast even though I was just sitting there and it was just a very uncomfortable anxious feeling. Even with the dosage high enough to give me this much anxiety, it didn 't work very well! I would forget to do things all the time for example. And I see why they use this on binge eating disorder because it made me not want to eat even when I was hungry. At least it kept me awake and slightly more focused than I would be without the medication, but I 'm going to explore other options.
My experience was horrible!!!!!! Perscribed 2 pills a day for 3 days. After the last pill, I started feeling strange and had servere headaches from the time I started taking it until a week later. I didn 't think much of it until I went home from work and didn 't leave the couch. I had no appetite, constipated, sweating and chills, I wanted to puke, my eyes hurt so bad. Couldn 't shake whatever was going on and drank as much water as possible. My body was sore I  slept almost an entire weekend away. I can 't tell if my UTi is completely gone or not because I 'm still constipated and it hurts! I 've never had an antibiotic like this and I never want it again! All my doc told me was to keep pushing fluids and eat yogurt. Good luck people.
I started taking LoSeasonique because I wanted fewer and lighter periods. I 'm on my first package and second month of  LoSeasonique and have started spotting and having a light flow. This has lasted 8 days and just when I think it might be over it starts up again. I also have cramping. The first month of the pack was great, no spotting or nothing but at the end of the second month it sneaks up and bites. 
Been on Strattera for 3 months and can 't wait to get off it! It had helped my concentration to an okay extent but I 'm having bizarre side effects such as leaking semen followed by testicular pain, paranoia, weird thoughts, anxiety and slight tics.Not recommended for long term use!
I received the Implanon after giving birth to my first son. I thought this would be great because I forget to take the pill. Well it is great. I am not pregnant. However, I am having the WORST side effect of them all. I AM LOOSING MY HAIR. I have got to get it out. I walked in thinking that this would not happen to me, side effects never effect me. Good luck to the rest of you.
I 'm into my fourth month of Vestura (generic Yaz), and I 'm a deeply worried. When I first began this BC, I experienced very few major side effects. A lot of people talk about the emotional mood swings of BC, but I 'm a graduate student and I already suffer from undiagnosed depression, so my emotions on BC are the same as off. However, I did not expect the breakouts. It started last week, and now the right side of my face is covered in these tiny, raised itchy and sensitive bumps. I graduate next semester and I will have to go on job interviews. There 's no way I can face an employer with this kind of rash on my face, in my industry, looks matter quite a bit. I think I may have to switch if this doesn 't go away by the end of the current pack.
I 've been on orsynthia since I was 14. I am now almost 19. I am nauseous a lot and cry for no reason. I am very moody all of the time and and have a lot of mood swings. I have an EXTREMELY low sex drive, to the point that I think it will ruin my relationship some day. I am sexually active but I am always safe using condoms so I haven 't gotten pregnant. For me, orsynthia has stopped the clotting during my periods but I still will get cramps and my periods will sometimes be very heavy. I never got acne so that hasn 't been a problem for me. If I were you I would steer clear of orsynthia and make this your last choice birth control.
On the plus side, this pill did the job. I certainly did not get pregnant over the 9 months I was on it. That 's it. On the bad side, this pill gave me the worst acne I have ever had. It was long until I realized that it was this pill causing my acne. Stopped taking it, and acne went away. Scars are still fading. 
I 've been doing the infusion for three months now. It hasn 't improved any of my symptoms at all. Day of infusion I get severe low back/hip pain &amp; I 'm exhausted. The two days following I sleep a lot &amp; feel awful.
Second time I have used, first was for a 3 day cruise this time for 5. I was OK while wearing it but a few hours after I took it off I got dizzy and very nauseated with blurred vision. Dramamine helped some. Next day I felt awful but ran a half Marathon and ended up in urgent care because I was so nauseated after and my arms were tingling. He gave me meclazine which has helped some but its still going in 4 days later. Hoping it ends soon.
Took first pill yesterday, later on that day I started feeling lightheaded and dizzy, and by evening headachy. This morning I looked at this sight and saw that dizziness was one of side effects. 
Going on my second year. I bled consistently for the first 3 months, then my period would come every other month, alternating being super light or morbidly heavy.  The first full year I would get painful menstrual cramps, whether I was on my cycle or not. Since I have started my second year I have noticed that my cycle has started and not left. I 've been on my period for two months. The first month was really light, but lately the volume has increased significantly.  I will note that I have Graves Desease which makes my hormone levels naturally very high and I think that 's a factor.
Started taking toradol before diagnosed with fibromyalgia, it did little for my joint pain but helped some with my arthritis. For fibromyalgia it was pretty usless and I ended up after several long painful months having to go to opiates and chose to leave my job verses caring for patients while medicated.
I have loved this birth control for some time, but it has made me gain weight and enlarged my boobs which I hate. The last couple weeks, it has made me super depressed and have major mood changes which is why I am coming off this BC.
I 've been on this pill for over 5 months and it is a nightmare! The second month I had severe, severe nausea every day until I started taking my pill right before I went to bed. I have breakthrough bleeding every month and it 's now on a regular cycle. I get my period Wednesday of the second week and it stops around Monday of the FOURTH WEEK. Plus I also get it the last 3 or 4 days on the placebo pills. However, no weight gain.
I have been using Silenor for the past two to three weeks. I haven 't noticed any increase in the amount I have been sleeping, at all. As with most patients, my problem is not with falling asleep, but rather with staying asleep (sleep maintenance).  I still seem to wake up every hour after 1 a.m. However, for some reason during the night, since I have started taking the Silenor, I am less anxious than I had been about the lack of sleep, so maybe that 's something.
My OBGYN switched me to this pill because she believed the Necon 0.5/35 I was previously on contained unnecessary amounts of hormone for me. About 3 months in my libido decreased but I wasn 't having any other side effects so I decided to wait it out and see if things got better. Around month six I missed my period three months in a row, wasn 't pregnant, thank god, and started breaking out like crazy. My periods have resumed but I 've got no sex drive, rly bad skin and have become emotionally unstable around my time of the month which is very unusual for me. I am 24 years old, 5&quot;7 ', 125 lbs. and have a pretty active lifestyle if anyone wants those statistics for their reference. I 'll be switching at the end of this months pack.
Nuvaring sent me on a roller coaster ride. This is the first BC I 've tried. The ring is a great idea. I like that you can place it and forget it. Problems arose quickly however with side effects. Within the first week, I became excessively tired, wanting to sleep 10  hours. I experienced terrible mood swings, and spent entire random days feeling like I could cry about everything. I thought it would get better with time but after the first month, I became incredibly dry vaginally (eyes, mouth and skin were dry too - couldn 't drink enough water). I saw my doctor who explained that I might react this way to any birth control. The irritation became too much to handle and with my doctor 's direction, I have discontinued use (made it two months).
I 've had the nexplanon in for almost a month and have heavy to light spotting every day since insertion. If it doesn 't stop in the next month I 'm having it removed!
Loved how it made me feel emotionally. But it has ruined my skin. I never in my life have had acne until this birth control
I was on Cymbalta for a few years, and over that time, I didn 't notice a significant reduction in the pain, but I did notice that my memory started to diminish.I asked my doctor to take me off of it, but he refused, so I quit cold-turkey.  The side effects are significant and severe!  I wouldn 't suggest this tactic!All in all, I 'm very happy to be off of it... my memory is improving noticeably, and the foot pain is just about the same.
47, given to thin uterine lining. Can 't take it, gives me all day migraines, nausea, and vomiting. :(  medroxyprogesterone worked better for me because I didn 't have the debilitating effects.
bowel control increased to approximately 60%side effects: runny nose, increased mucus, cough
I have been on Gleevec now for 6 months and in that time I have had maybe 5 well days, the other days have been filled with vomiting, nausea, body aches &amp; pains, migraines, lethargy, insane amounts of facial swelling and my weight is just up &amp; down like a yoyo, varying from 82kilos down to 75.  I now realize that when I said this wasn 't the right medication for me 5 months ago I was right. Today my hematologist told me that my Philadelphia gene is unacceptably high, so now I am going to try something else. I am delighted to hear that others are doing so well on it but it certainly wasn 't for me
Recently had to up my dose, and had to take at bedtime because of dizziness.  I noticed I was not feeling well, and thought I was fighting off some bug, but it continued. I noticed that the nausea and headache occurred after taking my nighttime dose of Avapro. When I quit taking it, I felt fine.
I have previously tried Yaz which I quit after becoming emotional. My doctor switched me to another brand (which worked fine-no emotional drawbacks) but had to switch me due to my student care card. Then I was switched to Lessina. I had never been so emotional and depressed in my entire life. Additionally my skin became unmanageable, I started having massive headaches, I couldn 't focus because of exhaustion (I slept 15 hours two days in a row and previously had a normal sleeping pattern) and I was so weak that getting out of bed became a task. I am now on a different birth control pill and am experiencing none of these symptoms.
I started Fetzima earlier this year (2014) and I am now going off of it because it just didn 't work for me.  The one thing it did do for me was give me some energy which I sorely lack.  That 's why I gave it a &quot;3&quot; because it did do something. But what I really need is something to lift my mood, and this it did not do.  The depression is still very bad.  My doctor just switched me to Brintellix today.  Here 's hoping.
My fiance (22 yrs old, 130 lbs) has been on Keppra combined with Vimpat for over a year and he has had very bad mood swings, weight loss, anxiety, feelings of hopelessness, depression, and irritability/quick temper. We are trying to find out if there is another medication he can take in combination with these to help combat the side effects, or if someone has found another med that works as well with less severe side effects, seeing this is the only med that has helped his seizures so far (diagnosed at 17) Anyone else with a similar  problem, or know what might help?
I got my nexplanon implant on Feb. 28th. Began a cycle about a week later. This cycle was different than my typical cycle, for I no longer had cramping or migraines. However, the cycle lasted for 9 days. After a few days of no bleeding, another cycle started. The second cycle lasted 5 days. Then I had an additional few days off, only to start a third cycle. When does this end?When does it regulate itself?This cannot be healthy to bleed for approximately 3 weeks every month. This is the complete inverse of what it should be.While I appreciate no cramps or migraines, I do not appreciate spending so much money on tampons and underwear....Getting frustrated, and contemplating removal.
I began taking Cryselle a little over two years ago. I began taking it to fix irregular periods. At first, I didn 't notice any side effects but here lately I have been on an emotional roller coaster. I am constantly going from happy to sad within minutes. I have also noticed that I have been feeling depressed constantly. People have asked me numerous times if something is wrong due to my mood swings. I don 't recommend this pill at all! I have already switched pills..
I used Yaz for about a year and it was obviously effective for preventing pregnancy and it did clear up my skin but for me there were a few negative side effects.  It took a while for me to realize it was the Yaz causing the problems.  I suddenly had very brittle dry hair that would break off and it just didn 't seem to grow very much.  My cuticles became very dry which caused my nails to become more apt to breakage.  My eyes were very dry and I had to use eye drops several times a day.  I have been off of Yaz for about 3 weeks and already my hair is so much healthier and seems to be growing back in and my nails have not broken in a few weeks.  I have gone from using eye drops a few times a day to a few times a week.  The down side of being off of Yaz is my skin has broken out more but I can deal with that better than all the other symptoms.
My daughter took Lutera for two years.  It took two months but it definitely helped with her acne.  She was very happy. Fast forward two years later and now we are not sure what is going on but the old acne is coming back. Time to find a new birth control.
Since I start using this product I experienced change of vision and headaches.
I 've been on nexplenon for almost a year now and I can 't remember a day since that I haven 't bled or at least spotted. When I asked my doctor to remove it she recommended to just put me on more birth control! I 'm terrible with taking pills, so thats why I didn 't choose it in the first place, but she gave me a two month supply and they 've just been sitting on my counter. I don 't agree with taking extra birth control, I 'd like to have kids some day, just not now.
I had high hopes for this med based on reviews and pharmacological profile, however I was unable to get through the initiation period. It felt as if I was very intoxicated with a bad hangover at the same time; dizziness, blurred vision, unsteady gait with stumbling and falling, horrible stomach cramping and dry heaving with a migraine. I started at 100mg at bedtime, and as the days went on, the side effects progressed. I also felt more depressed, but who wouldn 't being unable to function. I wish it had worked out better. Everyone is different. My advise would be, if you experience side effects of the nature I did, I would discontinue and save yourself from dealing with them being much worse. Otherwise, give it a try!
I am 26 years old and very sexually active with my partner. My doctor started my on this pill because of breakthrough bleeding I was having in between periods. I only tried this pill for 2.5 months and did not like it. I had breakthrough bleeding more often than before, extreme fatigue at the start of the 3rd month. I experienced extreme fatigue/dizziness and normal period like symptoms; heavy bleeding, painful cramping and bloating when I wasn 't supposed to be having a period. Also, sometime during the 2nd pack of pills I had a horrible acne outbreak that I couldn 't figure out. It was very frustrating that I was having so many in-between periods when that was the reason I started taking the pill.
Beta blockers don 't work, tried primidone recently.  Started at 150 mg, now up to 250 mg, 50% improvement.  I 'm not sure if I want to take this long term for 50% improvement.  I have gotten by most of the time just dealing with my tremors.  But I 'm so tired of having them!
I took the pill last year &amp; stopped it because I was emotional all the time &amp; felt like I had put on weight from it. I decided to try the nuvaring even tho I knew it had the same hormones. It was 10x worse than the pill. I was an emotional wreck, extremely tired all the time, &amp; always hungry. Not to mention it was scary taking it out the first time. I tend to be nervous about doing something like that but it was just awful. I don 't recommend this. &amp; I 'm never getting back on it.
Been on this BC for about 2nd or 3rd month now and never had a problem until this month thought it could of been different reasons but now that I look at the reviews people have had similar problems period usually last maximum normal 5 days and its been over 10 days spotting most annoying thing in the world still debating on changing to different BC...
When I first started I had bad side effects. Such as feeling like a head cold etc. Anxiety. Trouble seeing. Headaches. But they did wear off. Then I was ok but for really bad cognitive problems. Unable to remember things at work. Some problems talking. But as long as I was losing weight. Finally I realized I was having loose stools due to this drug and came close to a couple of accidents. That was it. I stopped. Yikes I had horrible withdrawal. Heart Palpitations, nausea. I am weening off. When I got off the drug I don 't think I ate anymore but I gained 4 lbs the week after cutting back the dose. I found a similar thing when I started.. for the first two weeks I didn 't lose any weight but then lost fast. Something is up with that.
I 've been on ambient for a year.  When I first started taking it , it work great,  only thing I would wake up and eat during the night and not know it, the next morning I would find the evidence.  The past week I have got to where it 's not working like now it 's 4:30 am and I 'm not asleep yet!!  I 'm on 5m so wondering if maybe I should ask doc to raise it to 10. I 'm just afraid if I go up 5 more if it will give me any weird side effects.  But I can 't keep doing this, I need sleep!
I started taking Aleve for my Arthritis in my hand and the pain was gone but after taking it for about 8 days I noticed swelling in my feet, which was abnormal for me. I am 34 and in good health and have never had swollen feet. I then noticed the next day my feet and hands were swollen. I finally put 2 and 2 together and realized I was allergic to the Aleve. I stopped taking it and haven 't had swelling since.
I started Champix on 27th March 2015 by my GP 's stop smoking clinic and was advised to keep smoking, with a stop date of 13th April 2015.  I wasn 't really given any advice about the medicine, other than it may cause bad/vivid dreams. I came home and did some research myself.Days 1,2,3 were just fine - no changes at all. Day 4 I started to not enjoy my smokes so much. Days 7-10 I felt exhausted, headachey, tearful, moody, having horrendously black dreams involving murder and my husband cheating - this led to paranoia that he really was cheating. I stopped them two days ago and still feel very low in mood, withdrawn, tearful and so tired. Please be very aware of the side effects and ask close ones to monitor your moods.
Was on Zyprexa for a week 10mgs originally prescribed for sleep and coming off of Geodon. Gordon caused anxiety eventually. Zyprexa calmed me down but it was still hard to fall asleep without Ambien. I feel tired slow and hungry all the time the next day. But it did calm my nerves the next day so it may be worth it to give it a try.
I 've been on hydrocodine 10/235mg for years and my orthopedic changed me to subutex (generic) I was taking 8 Senokot-s a day for at least 3 days so I could get a small movement and it was hard very hard to get out. So I was told by MD and Pharmacy to try and take Movantik 25mg and now I 'm being told to take both Movantik 25 with 2 or 4 Senokot-s cause Movantik isn 't working by itself. Anyone else having this problem? I 'm on a high fiber diet and I 'm drink exactly 140 oz water a day everyday? I rated Movantik 25mg a (3) out of kindness cause I think it needs to be lower.
I had been using vagifem for about  8 years and now have uterine cancer.  I am having a hysterectomy next week as a result.  When my cancer surgeon found out I was using vagifem tabs he immediately had me stop it.
I was recently put on this medication - only 25 mg to start for the first week. Since about the third day of taking the low dose of this medication I suddenly began to be extremely tired. I was not feeling like myself at all. I had to leave work early one day and was off for the rest of the week. I also slept for about one whole day. My doctor is aware and wants me to stick with the low dose for now since I am still feeling pretty lethargic during the 3rd week. I hope that it will get better soon. 
This was prescribed for anxiety. I had recently been diagnosed with several sleep related issues as well as my asthma increasing. I have a long standing problem with recurrent bouts of depression which I treat when they are present. I have a history of antidepressants causing an increase of depression. Since beginning Paxil as directed by my doctor two months ago at10 mg daily, I have noticed a gradual increase of both my depressive episodes as well as my headaches... I do have a history of migraines for 20 years due to a head injury.
I 've had my nexplanon inserted 2 1/2 years ago. I can 't say it doesn 't work because I haven 't gotten pregnant since I had it. However I have lost complete sex drive the urge of any sexual acts. I 've also witness mood swings and depression. I 've been with my fianc
Left Kidney removed by radical nephrectomy Dec 23, 2014,  after 3 blood clot caused heart attacks and ablation operation and  Follow up in August revealed 7 tumor in lungs and 2 enlarged lymph nodes. Started 50 mg Sutent 28 day cycle on Dec 26, 2015, very harsh side effects including severe diarrhea, vomiting, dry mouth, bleeding teeth and gums, hyperthryroidism, after 3 months. 6 weeks rest and reduced to 37.5 mg and 14 day cycle. After 5 months tumors in left lung had doubled in size and slight growth in right lung. On July 21, 2016 CT showed growth had stabilized but side effects remain severe. Going to 25 Mg 14 day cycle on 27 August.
I have been on Yaz for 7 months now to treat my chin acne. The first three months of taking Yaz, I had the worst cystic breakouts in places I have never gotten breakouts before. It was terrible but I wanted to give it some time. Now it has been 7 months and I still break out on my chin, there has been time maybe two weeks when I haven 't gotten any breakouts at all but now it is the same thing as before. I also quit sugar and dairy and using all natural skin care products but still no dramatic improvement. Also, Yaz made me gain weight and I have noticed eyelash hair loss.
I 've had the implant for nearly two years and while it has done its job and kept me free of pregnancy, I 've menstruated every couple DAYS from this thing.  I menstruate at least three times a month, full cycles not &quot;spotting.&quot;  My doctor told me it would even out after six months, but clearly that didn 't happen.  The few times I had a week or so where I was free of blood, my next period was super heavy and lasted well over a week.  It totally killed my sex drive on top of making me bleed like a stuck pig.  I kept it this long out of laziness, and the idea of an IUD makes me queasy.  Tomorrow it 's coming out, and the IUD is going in.  Queasiness aside, I 'm spending a goddamn fortune on tampons and pads.
I was given Sarafem to help with moodiness and rage during a few weeks out of the month. I took it for 2 days and cannot get off the couch. I am so drowsy. I took a low dosage.
In the beginning it was fine. In the last year I have had multiple side effects causing me not to be able to attend school or work. My primary care physician told me a month ago that I was suffering from depression and tried to put me on some depression pills. Something told me to look up side effects today and I am amazed to see that others have had the same effects I am having. I suffer with dizziness, fatigue, loss of appetite and now anxiety/panic attacks, I can 't even go to the grocery store without having these attacks. My doctor is suppose to be scheduling me a problem visit so we can move further with the removal process. I hope I can get this removed before I start school in July because this is not a good feeling and I 'm only 25!
I 've been on Lutera for almost a year now. I 've been having birth control issues for about 2 years - first being on Mirena and having terrible cystic acne and depression, and then my doc recommended Lutera to add some hormones back into my system to help the acne. This is low dosage and although I 've seen my cystic acne go away (besides some coming at the time of the month) I still break out daily. I wanted to try it for longer than a few months, and I have to say out of the entire year, about 2 months of it I had decent skin. I break out on my face, back and shoulders and I haven 't had this bad of acne since high school. After high school, I was on Ortho trycyclen and the nuva ring. Both of those didn 't make me break out at all. I 'm 23, 145lb
I wouldn 't recommend. I didn 't get pregnant however it did throw my hormones off &amp; I gained weight (25lbs) from having this product inside me for years. It frequently threw off my menstrual cycle causing my hormones to do the same &amp; this usually extended my period. I had to take birth control pills along with Implanon due to the longer periods. I wish I would have just stuck with Regular Birth control pills but I was scared I wouldn 't remember to take it due to my busy schedule however now I set a reminder on my cell phone that goes off everyday. I recommend you try this before putting the Implanon in your body also it was hell getting it out being that it moved around &amp; more.
Prescribed when I had all 4 wisdom teeth removed. This worked well on the first day at taking the pain away, but I was unable to sleep. After about the third dose severe nausea kicked in, as well as constipation and insomnia. 
I have been on Apri birth control for 3 years now.  I give it a 3 for the fact that it in fact helped me to get and regulate my period, at the very late age of 22.  And that I am not pregnant. But I have worse acne now than I did when I was 13.  I have gained a lot of weight on my hips and stomach.  I have the worst mood swings and my sex drive is completely gone.  It has caused a lot of problems in my relationship since I started taking it.
I have been on Lexapro 10 mg for 1 month. I stopped taking it after that time because the side effects of sleeplessness and restless leg. This nearly made it impossible to perform my work because I was always tired and very often late to work. It seemed to have some benefit in modifying my mood and I was able to keep that up for nearly 6 months before my latest meltdown. I have just tried effexor-xr and stopped them within 5 days because of the side effects of restless leg, barely any sleep at all and an inability to relax most of the time.
Okay so I 'm only on Day 2 but I had a MILD yeast infection &amp; decided to get this 3 day medication , DAY 1 , there was a little tingling for about an hour &amp; it went away ,I woke up &amp; it seemed as if the YI was gone , PERFECT ! right ? wrong here I am on Day 2 &amp; the itching is unbearable 
I had been taking Lo Losterin before starting Junel FE but had to switch per my insurance. I 've been taking Junel since late July but since starting it, I 've been hoping I would start feeling better. Constantly feeling nausea is the #1 problem for me. It doesn 't matter how accurately I take the medication, at some point in every day, I feel sick. And then I start to get paranoid and wonder if I 'm pregnant and feeling morning sickness. #2 is the irregular periods. I 've never had a period that was consistent so I thought this would be a good way to regulate - boy was I wrong! My period will start in the middle of my active pills, be there for 3 days and then come back for 3 days on my iron pills. WHAT THE HECK, Vern?
I was on this pill for about 5 months and for about the first 3 months I was fine. My breasts were swollen at first but I surely didn 't mind, until about the 4th month they started hurting so bad that I couldn 't even hug people. Then towards the end I was having 2 periods in one month and then skipping a period. I took the pill daily at the same time. I 'd say that the beginning experience was good but I had to stop taking it. Most people never had this reaction to it though, so I guess I 'm just the odd ball.
I have been taking Pylera med for 5 days now first day it made me vomit and nauseous and now I have extremely bad diarrhea and getting hemorrhoids :&quot;(Is this normal?
I took the shot after 6 weeks postpartum due to breastfeeding aswell. Slowly but surely I started experiencing minor side effects which graduly became worse after the 3rd shot...OMG..i gained 26 pounds in 9 months, severe insomia , heart palpitations,hair loss, severe anxiety , arm pain shooting from my shoulder to my fingers, numbness and tingling on both arms, fatigue, depressed. When I really started getting concerned was when I started twitching and would goult out of my sleep with anxiety attacks..I had chest pains n poking sensations in my heart...I had no clue it was really from the shot till I decided to skip my next appointment and With in days of not getting the next dose I started feeling so much better..the shot is POISON!!!!
I have taken 10mg Citalopram for two weeks so far and have found significant relief from depression. I am considering a higher dose to get more benefit from the drug, though I will firstly consult my GP.
I feel very conflicted about this medication. For about 80% of the day it helps me to be more stable and less reactionary. But then every day or every other day I have a breakdown and start sobbing, get very moody and paranoid, accuse my partner of not loving/caring about me, want to self harm and die. It has helped my chronic pain and doesn 't cause me to dissociate constantly like many antidepressants do. However, I 'm not sure it 's worth it because of the breakdowns, but I 'm scared to go off of it because I heard withdrawal is awful. I am just about ready to give up on medication altogether at this point.
So I started this pill and was excited but had to stop right in the middle of the pack.  I mean out of nowhere, there is a burst of bleeding.  I went to the bathroom and it 's like my period snuck up on me and it was almost 2 weeks before my period is due.  There was lots of clots and brown yucky stuff.  On top of all that my moods were really crazy. I would be lying in my bed and would feel like crying and then be okay the next moment.  I have only been off now for two days cause I just couldn 't take the crazy mood swings and the bleeding anymore.  I also noticed a great deal of fatigue and even that has changed even after just 2 days off of loestrin. It 's not worth it and I cannot wait for it to be out of my system.
Insomnia for years. Prescibed temazepam out of desperation. Told to start at 7.5 mg first week. Then take 15mg second if wasn 't affective first week. Told that it night take up to a week for it to work. Took 7.5 first night. Got 2 hrs sleep and during work, later that day felt weird. I already was going crazy from lack of sleep. Could not take another chance feeling that way at work from temazepam. I was given trazodone 8 month 's earlier 50mg from doctor; I never used it. Was afraid I 'd be groggy. Did some research online, decided , out of desperation to try 50mg trazodone, with 7.5 temazepam, finally got some sleep, not 8 hrs but enough. I doubt this is recommended,I probably shouldn 't take it together. Anyway taking combo 1, 2x a week. Don 't want to become physically addicted. At least I get a few days of sleep. 
I 've been on Loestrin 24 FE for a year and my new doctor emphatically took me off of it today.  Yes, the pill did it 's job (no baby - yay!), but I also experienced increasingly light/missed periods, frequent spotting in between, and most recently, recurring ovarian cysts which grow so large that they rupture and cause the most excruciating pain I 've ever felt.  I was afraid that I had a problem with my ovaries, but my doctor thinks I 'm fine and that the pill is to blame.  I 'm 27 years old and in the past I have taken three other brands of birth control pills (Yaz, Yasmin, and Aviane) and have never had a problem.
I have almost completed my 2nd 3 month round and will not get another shot. I have to work hard and eat right just to keep from gaining even more weight it 's very hard to lose. I developed acne I never had before. Recently I have been getting daily Charlie horses in my vagina very painful. Very dry have to use lubricant every time and almost no sex drive at all. Already had painful sex before but this has made it worse. The only good thing is only having to remember it every 3 months.
Was dealing with cancer and was given Remeron for depression. After having surgery for the cancer which was successful I continued with the drug but was having issues with my blood pressure. My BP would drop over 20 points when I stood up and I would lose my breath when walking short distances. All symptoms went away once I quit taking the drug. I would not recommend this drug to anyone as it set my recovery back greatly.
I have been diagnosed with PCOS for over 4 years, but only have been prescribed Metformin after seeing no results with combined pills. Having gained so much weight over the past year now weighing 75kgs, this medication does not seem to be working at all with my weight loss. I 'm on 2 x 500mg a day. Have had few bad side effects, nausea and bad breath. I brush my teeth endlessly, but doesn 't seem to improve. As long as I can lose weight I don 't mind the side effects, but I 've been on this medication for over a month now and I have not lost any weight.
Been on Klonopin for over ten years  and it no longer works.  I just tried requip. No luck. I 'm loosing my mind ideas please......this is a major mind mess up!
I took it just to be sure almost 40 hrs after the incident. I did not get pregnant. That said, this was the first time I used any type of oral contraceptive EVER. So I had horrible side effects. Probably not because of he medicine as such but may be because of the high dosage of it. A day after I was completely exhausted and had spotting a week later. That week was terrible. I had gastric trouble, acidity, bloating, sort of menstrual cramps pretty much all the symptoms of pregnancy. Turns out these were the side effects for the medication as my body was not used to sudden harmonal changes. So I sincerely suggest just use protection and be on a regular pill. Be coutious if you have never used any type of contraceptive.
After years on different pain medicies, I find this to be average at best so far. It seems to be another attempt to get doctors to stop prescribing Oxys, hydro, and other pain medicines that actually work. 
Caused dizziness and nausea initially. Did lose some weight but worried about the side effects so stopped.
The first Implanon worked phenomenal. No periods, but, I did gain a lot of weight over the 3 years of having this birth control. I 've had a high increase in appetite, and lost energy. But, I decided to get another one. I 've now had the second one since September 28th, 2013. And now I 've been bleeding for 19 days as of today. I 've lost about 15 pounds in the last 3 weeks of the bleeding. And my appetite is still increasing. I have a little more energy, but, not as much as I did before ever getting the Implanon. I always have noticed that I 'm kinda &quot;dry&quot; down there, as before it was very lubricated... I 've also noticed that I 've had a lot of mood swings, and they 're more often than not. 
This will be my 4th month using Kariva. The only thing it helped with (besides preventing pregnancy) was making my period shorter. I went from 8 long, heavy and painful days to only 2 very light, no pain days! Other than that, I 've been miserable . It hasn 't helped with acne at all, it actually started to cause body acne which I 've never had. Also, a huge issue that I have, I 'm VERY dry down there; causing it to hurt during my period when I want to insert a tampon AND painful sex. I can 't even begin to describe how painful it is, it 's like my insides are being torn apart &amp; the pain doesnt go away for hours after trying to have sex. Its taking a huge toll on my relationship. I would not recomennd this pill. I will have to talk to my dr soon.
I 've only been on this for about a month and a half and the first month wasn 't bad at all, my period was light and the only side effect was mild nausea. The second month however, total disaster. I 'm not sure if it 's me - because I get really motion sick very easily, but I 'm pretty sure this pill is giving me really bad vertigo, I 'm so light- headed, I 'm constantly on the verge of puking, all I want to do is lay still and not move a muscle. Maybe I 'm just evening out the hormones or something but if this is how it 's always going to be I 'm not sure I can handle it any longer. I 'm finishing the second pack but I think after that I 'm moving on.
I 've had the mirena in for 4 months. The first month I bled for about 2 weeks, but my doctor warned me about bleeding/spotting so I didn 't think anything about it. Next month, bled for about 10 days,(normal cycle is 5 days) and the 3rd month, I bled for the entire month and 2 weeks into the next month. I went to the bathroom to urinate. I go to wipe myself and the mirena comes completely out. It was wrapped in huge blood clots, and I had an alarming amount of blood come out. I 'm beyond frustrated.  Bleeding for 6 weeks has not been fun at all, and now it comes out 
Had it.  Platelets were 9 and took WinRho which kicked up platelets into 100 's. But few days later went down again. Then went to Ritixan which kicked up platelets, then down within matter of weeks. Splenectomy was last option but nothing.  Still stuck with falling platelets and medical bills$$$.
I received the implant August of 2013 and I didn 't have any problems with it for the first few months then my periods were super long (2-3 weeks some times) and I started gaining weight 6 months later after no diet change or change in exercise I am now 30 pounds heavier and been insecure about my body which is really messing up my sex life. I will try and wait until the year is up but if I continue gaining all this unexplained weight I 'm going back on the pill.
I 've been all over the place in my head. It calms me down some but not a lot. Plus I 've been gaining weight, I 've been sick, headaches, itchy, and so much other stuff.
There are many positives such as motivation, and a brief period of content, but there are also many negatives.. rapid heartbeat/chest pains, weight loss, dizziness, dry mouth. When the medicine kicks in, i feel this amazing sense of being content.., no matter what I 'm doing at the time i just feel happy, but soon feel an extreme sadness and despair when it wears off, because i wonder why i can 't be happy anymore. I also become extremely irritable, anxious, and restless. I continue to take this medication ,because it helps me get things done and focus, but the negative impact is extremely hard on me, and effects my mental and physical health greatly. Most common side effects for me are chest pains, sadness, rapid mood change, headache, and loss
Took this 12 hours after thr bf ejaculated in me on day 15 of my cycle...one of my most fertile days.....the day I took it the cramps got so bad I almost vimitted, I got so dizzy and weAK from it.by the next day I was fine. i wouldn 't recommend this torture...then four days later my breasts became sore....and i have been getting every pregnancy or pms symptom  since (sore breasts, cramping, upset stomach, nausea, lower backache, headaches)....I am due to start sat 4/30.....I took a prego test and came back negative.....this is the longest pms and worst symptoms I have ever had. I think I would have rather taken my chances.
I 've been on Aleese for over a year and a half. Side effects hit me hard. (I 'm 21 years old) I had perfect skin my entire life (even through puberty) and after I commenced the pill the acne hit me like a ton of bricks. All forms of acne are on my face, and I 've been using dermatologist products and services and they said it 's a hormonal issue as to why the acne has gotten so horrible. The high androgen actually causes skin to get worse. So when people say birth control doesn 't cause acne they are WRONG, cause this birth control DOES CAUSE ACNE. Not only did I get acne, I gained 15 pounds, breasts got larger (only plus side), severe nausea the week before my period, and began suffering depression. It 's time to switch to another Birth Control
I 've been taking Levora for about 6 months. It does it 's job- Prevents pregnancy. But I have gained weight, become depressed, and I have a LOT of acne, when I used to have a clear face. On the plus side though, my periods are light, and on time, every month. I also don 't experience cramps, when I used to have throughout my entire period. 
I started taking Stiolto Respimat in Jan. 2016.  For the first few months everything was great.  Then I started to have memory issues and confusion.  I know this contains an anticholinergic.  Two years ago I stopped taking medication for an over-active bladder that contained an anticholinergic because of the very same reason.  A few months later my memory was back to normal (normal for me!) and the confusion totally went away.  I was hoping that since this is an inhaler and not a pill that I might have better results.  Unfortunately no.    After four months the confusion and forgetfulness became a real problem.  I decided to stop the inhaler this morning and will ask my doctor for an alternative - without an anticholinergic.
The first few months I loved it! Then I started bleeding for weeks then it would stop for a few days and come right back. I always have cramps and feel bloated, I have gained 25lbs! Now I have to be double birth controlled.
I started on this medication and noticed rapid heart beat. I hate it - it makes me feel miserable I 'm on 4 doses a day of 500mg. This makes it to difficult for me. I even took my blood pressure medication no help and I can 't sleep. I will go to ER tomorrow for another solution if possible. This is so scary Medication too strong for me.
I took mucinex when I had a really nasty chest cold . Medicine worked great except for the fact that I 'm allergic to guaifenesin . I didn 't know that at the time . I had really horrible chest  and upper shoulder pain . Also rapid heart beat . I felt like I was dying. It lasted for about 20 min and then everything was normal again .
It gave  me sleep and thats all that mattered but when I didn 't have it is wasn 't cool .  Isn 't it non narcotic?
I 've been on this medication for 3 weeks and the only thing It 's done is brought down the cystic acne and made my skin red and flaky and dry and idk what will help anymore I 've been on every acne medication bar acutane
I have major depressive disorder and anxiety. I had titrated from 10mg to 40mg. At first I felt slightly better, however after staying on the 40mg for three weeks, I hit a major suicidal patch. I was crying all the time and overwhelmed. I have unexplained bruising all over and have been vomiting. I am going to talk with my doctor about getting off asap. I haven 't been able to shake the depression that came roaring back, and the panic attacks are often
My doctor prescribed this for me to help with extremely heavy periods due to uterine fibroids. Two and half months in and I started bleeding every day, cramping and passing sizeable clots. Despite my fibroids, I never had bleeding in between my periods prior to taking this medication. This was great for two months but sadly did not work for me. Doc just told me to stop taking it while we figure out other options.
I got Mirena over a year ago, and for the first year it was great, but then I started to lose my sex drive. I didn 't even suspect the Mirena, then a few months ago I started having my period every other week, constant heartburn and nausea every morning, my breast became sore. I honestly thought I was pregnant but 5 tests said otherwise. I 'm going to my ob/gyn Friday to get it removed and hopefully everything will improve.
I was on TriSprintec for over 3 years now. Within those years I gained 30 pounds and my cup size has tripled. It also caused bad mood swings. Only good thing from it was that it kept my skin very clear! 
The patch started off a great alternative to the other options, but I quickly had too many issues with it to continue using it. It constantly peels off, it leaves big red itchy bumps, it loses its effectiveness after about 4 days, it makes me dizzy, nauseous, light-headed, it makes my heart race, and it gives me headaches. Too bad because it really killed the pain. Never mind the cost.
I have suffered for 40 years with constipation. I was taking Amitiza but I suffered from hair loss. So my Dr suggested Linzess.  It took days to kick in and then it was out of control for at least an hour. I quickly began gaining weight, so I stopped the meds for a couple of months, dropped 8 lbs :) Well I decided to try the Linzess again to see if the weight gain was caused by something else....It was the Linzess 7 lbs in 8 days. I would rather drink mineral oil and drink Miralax instead of using this drug any more...Very Pricey.
I got the implant a little over a year ago. The doctor made it sound great (no pills, etc..) so I went for it. Here I am a year later...STILL bleeding every day. I haven 't experienced any other side effects (maybe hair thinning but that might just be me getting paranoid) and it has been effective in preventing pregnancy as well as convenient. The cons definitely outweigh the pros though, I am now starting an estrogen pill on top of this to hopefully regulate the bleeding. Buying sanitary items constantly over the past year has also gotten expensive. I will not get this replaced and hopefully can get it removed soon.
Prescribed Zyprexa after taking Duloxetine/Cymbalta made me suicidal.  It did mellow my mood, helped me gain back the 30 lbs I had lost during height of illness.  Hated the inability to laugh or cry. Hated the dry mouth. As a dancer the stiff, dry joints were dangerous. I hurt my knee because the extreme change in my flexibility. Took it for 3 months.
I was placed on Lipitor 10 mg after trying all of the other cholesterol reducing drugs.  Developed after three days, very stiff neck and overall muscle soreness.  Doctor ordered a CPK test and my levels are off.  She discontinued me on this medication.  Must not be for everyone.  Will continue with my diet and exercise.  My cholesterol must be hereditary since I follow Weight Watchers, have lost weight and I exercise daily.
I experienced spotting the entire time I was on this pill, which I have not had happen on other pills. Ended up switching after 3 months.
I 've been having repeat bladder/kidney infection... 5 in 4 mths.. have no idea the cause..being sent for kidney scan.My last lot of antibiotics ( currently) were these.. I got to day 4 and was hit with a high fever, uncontrollable shivering, every muscle in my body hurt, sore back &amp; neck and thumping headache. took paracetamol and ibrofen and within 3 hours started to feel my temp come down. The next morning I read the side effects..OMG..I was experiencing most of them the wheezy breathing and cough now started. Because it 's a Saturday and it says consultant your doctor if you experience any side effects. I 've just stopped taking them... it was really scary. From reading the other comments I think it 'll take 2 days to start to feel better.
I have been on brintellix for three weeks. I have not felt any effects what so ever. It only serves to make me vomit nearly every morning. Libido is zero. This only adds to my anxiety and depression. It is also very expensive costing me nearly $450 a month. If I felt just a little better I would not mind spending the money. Drug companies just suck!  For the money this med is just not worth it and I will request another anti depressant from my MD at my next visit
I was diagnosed with CPP at the age of 7 and began the course of Lupron shots monthly and would go every six months for check-ups. I did get my period one time when I was 8 years old while still on the shot. I must have started treatment too late because I never reached my full adult height. Now, at the age of 22, I am right under 5 ft. (4 '11). It caused a lot of weight gain as well.
I am currently finishing up a 14 day round of 3x 's a day 500mg Flagyl for C. Diff. C. Diff, alone, is a beast to wrangle. Think food poison but 10x 's worse---and the smell, oh that 's another thing entirely.  I never leave reviews on medications but with the side effects vs. the benefits that I 've experienced, I wanted others to know. Benefits: Finally stopped having uncontrollable diarrhea and gas pain. The side effects didn 't kick in until about day 7. So far, I 've experienced light sensitivity, numbness and tingling on my left flank, insomnia, and an overall feeling of unrestlessness that is very similar to a panic attack. I 've also had a runny nose and headaches. The medicine does work but I cannot wait to be finished!!!!!!!!
I really hate this birth control. I have taken others and had no side effects or anything go wrong, but this pill has basically ruined my social life. I have been taking it for a little over a month and since the second I started taking it, I have had my period. I have no sex drive, and constant bleeding. I have noticed I 'm super moody, and for the first week it made me sick to my stomach and I stopped eating because of how it made me feel. I hate this pill but my doctor makes it difficult to switch.
I was on this medication a few years ago and it worked great. I decided to go back on birth control about a month ago. I have been taking it for 23 days. No problems until this week. I am very irritable and extremely nauseated. I don 't think this medication is right for me.
I 've been using Qvar 40 in the AM for 2 weeks. My breathing still sucks and I constantly feel congested and like I can 't get enough air. I 've had to use my albuterol inhaler multiple times a day. My doctor wants me to try using the Qvar twice a day to see if it helps. I 'll update in a couple weeks.
I 'm a 16 year old girl who uses birth control for maintaining clear skin due to acne, nausea in the morning, and a heavy flow. I 've tried many different kinds of pills and this one was by far the worst. I typically don 't have too much acne (about 3 pimples per month, if that). However, when I started this pill I broke out all over my face. I have NEVER had this much acne before. I just picked up a new birth control today so hopefully when I start using this one the remaining acne on my face will go away. It 's ridiculous.
Insert date: 3/28/2015 - current ... Sex drive down, depression &amp; stress at an all time high, acne has magically appeared, pores are enlarged, I have black blotches on my face, it 's hard to focus, my period used to last 3 days now it last 3-6 weeks, if I 'm not on my period then I 'm spotting, pain with intercourse, I 've never had cramps before but I get extreme ones now whether I 'm on or off my cycle, hair is falling out, and I am LOSING weight (I 'm already teeny weeny) I tried to wait a year, but I want this removed immediately. There 's so much more going on with my body that I feel like I 'm missing something in this review.
I was only able to make it 5 days.  I had nervousness from the time I woke up.  Sweaty palms, nausea, anxiety, vivid unpleasant dreams.  At times I would sleep for 12 hours and others maybe 3 hours.  I couldn 't take it anymore.  I can 't imagine dealing with those side effects for weeks.  I stopped and feel so much better.  It has taken about two days to feel better.  Good luck to everybody but that felt like pure poison to me.
Pros: -no more acne, just the occasional zit-no weight gain (12 stone when got it, now 10st 5lb)-7 months of unprotected sex and not pregnant-sometimes forget it 's thereCons: -Constant painful and heavy periods only controlled by more hormones in the form of the combined pill, which caused more problems-Tender breasts-Cysts in breasts (developed after 5 months)-Stomach pain-Migraines-Often get pain at insertion site even after 7 months-Depressed mood, unpredictable mood swings and bouts of rage and crying spells-No energy-Thinner hair-InsomniaVerdict: fed up and having it removed either by a professional or by myself
bone pain . Sometimes the bone even cannot touch as it will cause unbearable pain. Stop taking it after 5 years and waiting for the pain goes away.
Always tired and felt lazy. Also gained 20lbs.
The first few months were great! Light periods, minimal cramping. The past 3 months I have started my period 2-3 days early and it lasts about 2 weeks. That gives me about a week per month that I 'm not on my period. I 'm changing pills tomorrow, hopefully the next kind isn 't as treacherous!
Having a nasty cold with runny nose, sneezing, headache and sore throat; I figured I 'd give this a shot. Within 30 minutes of taking 1 pill I was feeling relieved of much of my cold symptoms, however, something just didn 't feel right! I started getting extremely nervous, with very high anxiety level. I seriously was freaking out! My heart was pounding like crazy at fast pace and I was all over the place. I felt as though I couldn 't calm down and it all seemed to come on suddenly. One minute I was fine and the next I was loosing my self.  The side effects seemed to tapper off after about  4 hours( it felt like forever) and by this time I should be in bed sleeping? I don 't think that 's gonna happen soon?
Vile disgusting taste. I had to add a lemon powder and hold my nose to drink without vomiting. It took 20 min. to get it down. I hate to drink water and had a tough time drinking the required 32 oz. of water in 1 hour after the Suprep. It did take effect in 40 min. I was also very bloated. I do not know if I can manage to drink the second dose tonight. I will have to find a way. 
Use with caution! I was stupid enough to take a whole pill and I thought I was going to die. My heart was racing even though I was laying perfectly still and the world was swimming like I was drunk. The effects have lessened over the course of a few hours but I will definitely not take more than 1/4 of one of theses pills in the future!
I 'm going to be very much to the point I had a physician that retired I began seeing a new physician after searching for a physician I was comfortable with I was continued being prescribed oxycodone ER 2-30mg tab 3x a day with 4mg hydromorphone with each dose The Physician referred me to pain management pain management change meds two 100 mg oxycodone ER that is one 40 mg &amp; one 60 mg.  &amp; 80mg oxycodone 2x day &amp; 8mg hydromorphone every 8 hrs with each dose. Then pain management switch me to oxymorphone 40mg every 12 hours &amp; 8mg hydromorphone with each dose.   Why is this is not working why? Should I go back on 100mg sulfate morphine tablet ER and 8mg hydromorphone 3x a day. Oxymorphone is new to me all the other meds I 've been on over 10 years
Didn 't work for me. Felt pretty barfy and crummy first several days. Seemed to make me agitated. Only on it for a week; withdrawal was unpleasant. Just my experience, however.
Paxil was the first antidepressant I was put on when I was first diagnosed with depression roughly a year and a half ago. While it did stop the suicidal thoughts, the side effects were just not worth it for me. It made me tired ALL THE TIME. And not just kind of sleepy. It was more like I could get a full nights rest, wake up, and not half an hour later feel so exhausted that if I laid down on the ground I could take a nap right there. It also took away my ability to orgasm. I 'm a 21 y/o (20 at the time) college girl who is a pretty sexually open person. So to say I was not down to never have another orgasm while on it would be a huge understatement. Did work, but not worth the side effects.
First pill I tried. It didn 't really give me noticeable side effects, but not many benefits besides no pregnancy. It didn 't decrease cramps by much. I still got wicked headaches that would make me nauseous, and it decreased my sex drive. Over all when I stopped taking it I felt like I had come out of a fog, as if the pill had been dulling senses beyond just my sex drive. Happier to be on Sprintec now.
I have been on Microgestin 1/20 for about three weeks now and the side effects were not shy. First two days I had bad migraines, the third and fourth had cramps and the fifth to seventh day I was extremely depressed. I cried over almost everything and anything. Starting the second week it seemed like things were going okay until I started bleeding and it hasn 't stopped. Isn 't that the whole purpose? I got over my period two and a half weeks ago and now I 'm getting it again and there are no signs of it stopping anytime soon. Good thing is I don 't have mood swings or anything anymore but this excessive bleeding is now the problem.
Had my first seizure this year, put on Keppra a month later. Stopped the seizures, but makes me sleepy all the time. I have mood swings, depression, irritable and get frustrated easily. Tried to talk to my neurologist, but was told the only side effect Keppra has is being tired. Too scared to ask if I could try anything else because this is supposed to be the safest drug available.
Update to earlier posts.I have now been off this medicine since June and finally my problems with side effects are all gone.My semen has come back to normal amounts, and my erections are also back! YEA!
I 've taken this medication twice for a sinus infection. Both times I 've used it I got very nauseous and on the verge of throwing up. It 's so bad I can 't do much but lay down and sleep. I 'm never using this medication again.
A LOT of side effects, blurred vision (extreme); depression; nightmares, delirium (if drink alcohol); withdrawal if suddenly stopped
Been on trulicity for 6 months. No diarrhea, but super constipation. Major Fatigue. I take 1000mg metformin (down from 2,000) daily, plus the weekly 1.5mg trulicity shot. A1C at 5.9, which is great. I lost about 8 lbs. Frankly, I 'm stopping it- bloating, cramping, and the constant fatigue is just not worth it. Time to get more active and eat right. It may be the hard way, but definitely the right way!.
I was diagnosed with a UTI on Friday 11-06-15 and prescribed Cipro, while the urine culture was done. On Monday 11-09-15, the culture showed that Cipro was resistant and I was prescribed Macrobid, since it was sensitive. I have been feeling so tired that I missed 2 days of work from the fatigue and brain fog/confusion. The medication has taken care of the UTI but the side effects were more miserable than the UTI symptoms.
Wholly molly. That was one HELL of a trip down south. It felt like someone spilled a bunch of fireball in my hooha.  The pain came on after 4 hours of inserting the ovule, and it was strong enough to wake me up! I couldn 't sleep for a few hours, but fear not ladies, I got up, washed off what I could of the fungicide on the outside, and took two advils. The pain was significantly reduced so I finally got some shut eye. Taught me a lesson never to buy without researching. The YI was completely gone in the morning tho, thats why I give it a not-worth-burning-in-hell 5
I had Skyla inserted a month ago for the sole purpose of having worry-free sex. My periods were easy to get through before the insertion with essentially no cramps, no mood swings, no bloating, light bleeding, etc. Basically every period-haver 's dream.The Skyla insertion was mostly just uncomfortable: 10 seconds of discomfort, a pinch, 5 more seconds of discomfort, then it was over. I was good to go no less than a minute after the procedure.Since the procedure, though, I have had non-stop spotting of thick blood. The cramps have been beyond excruciating. I was bedridden for a day because of them. The pain is absolutely terrible to the point where I am considering getting the IUD taken out.Just be wary of the side effects.
The medication, at first, did was it was supposed to do. I was a shut in with some paranoia thrown in and hadn 't left my house in over a year, except to go to doctors appointments and get groceries in the house. At first I found the medication got me out and about and got me back into the real world. I signed up for college, got in contact with friends I hadn 't talked with in ages, and started living again. For that, this drug was fine. Then the side effects started kicking in. Keep in mind I was on 2mg of this drug and even then the side effects were bad enough to knock me OUT of college and suffer something called &quot;Depersonalization through Disassociation&quot;. One of the scariest experiences I think I 've ever had. I don 't recommend it.
I started using Tretinoin cream occasionally a few months ago. My skin started getting really bad so i started using it every night (as told by my doctor) and i saw a big difference (other then my skin peeling every other day). It was clearing up finally and i barely had any breakouts until two months later and now its like my skin has become immune to the cream. I am now experiencing horrible acne all over my chin area and upper forehead. Planning to set up a new appointment with my dermatologist to try another prescription. Do not recommend.
This medicine... I feel like there is something wrong with it. The first three weeks, I was nauseous all the time. I did have a feeling of euphoria for the first couple of weeks despite the sickness. The weirdest side effects were the loss of taste and smell.  Seriously weird. I couldn 't smell any odor at all and as for taste? Nothing.  I could eat jalapenos straight out of the jar like they were m&amp;m 's. It was crazy!!! I finally stopped taking it. I was still anxious and found myself to be listless and tired, so why bother? Besides the symptoms were too much to deal with.I have been off Trintellix for almost 3 weeks now. I 'd say that my ability to taste and smell are still at 25%.  I 'm worried that they will never come back.
I 'm not a big fan of this pill at all. I 'm on my first month and I didn 't even get to the &quot;brown&quot; pills yet and I already have my period and it 's been lasting for 4 days now. I went on this to shorten my period because my period was lasting for 15 days straight... horrible. I just hope my body will get used to it. I 'm afraid I will gain weight. Overall, this pill has not yet helped me. 
I got the implanon about 4 years ago and at first I thought it was great. The pill was giving me serious migraines so that 's why I made the switch. For those four years I had the most irregular periods (some lasting months at a time, and then not having one at all for 3 months). I kept thinking it would get better, but it didn 't. Weight gain was another noticeable problem. Gained 40lbs. I didn 't blame the implanon until I started doing research and noticed that was a top complaint amongst women who used it. Mind you, I tried to lose weight by dieting and exercise and I kept gaining. So I made an appt. to get it taken out. Back on a low dose pill and feel SO much better. No headaches and down 6lbs in a little over a month!
I have had acne since I was 12 years old. My mom had it and my dad had it. I tried everything in the book but to no vail. My dermatologist put me on minocycline, aczone and tazorac. Within 3 months my face was clear and I wasn 't getting new pimples. My pores were less visible and my skin wasn 't oil. Then she reduced the minocycline dose to just one week during my period. It worked. And I was able to manage the acne with just topical gels. After two months being off Minocycline, my acne came back and this time it was ten times worse. She put me back on again on it but this time it never cleared my acne as best as first time around. Minocycline is good but it is just a temporary fix. I 'm now going the birth control route and see how it works
I was only able to take Lialda for one week and had severe headaches causing tenderness in the lower bottom of my head, blurred vision and vomiting when headache worsened.  It worked and I was feeling almost 90% back to normal, however the headaches worsened and had to discontinue.
I have taken abilify for one year. It was prescribed as an add on to Cymbalta after a suicide attempt. I feel it boosts my mood. BUT I have gained 35 pounds. I can 't imagine continuing on a medication with this side effect. It is not worth it to switch my angst over life circumstances to feeling depressed over a continual weight gain.
I started Tri-Sprintec a month ago, not by choice but because that was the only thing the health department had in their inventory.  The nurse told me it was exactly the same as the other pills. I could definitely tell a difference in myself though just after starting them! My emotions were out of control and I kept going into deep depression mode! My appetite was pretty much gone too so I wasn 't eating. A good tip is to keep a journal once you start a new pill so you can keep track of break downs, mood swings and how often they 're happening. I had a break down at work, crying in front of my boss and everything.  I decided to stop the pill and since then I 've felt great. 
I was switched to this when my pharmacy stopped carrying Lutera (which I had been taking for a few years). I HATE THIS BIRTH CONTROL. I went back to the pharmacy after 2 months and told them to never give it to me again and thankfully they had a few Lutera that they let me have. On the plus side, my sex drive was so high, my breasts were very sensitive as well.However, the way my period was while on this pill does not make it worth it. Lutera gives me a super short super light period. This one I had super super heavy flows, blood clots and it lasted 1.5 weeks (compared to Lutera 's 4 days). It is different for everyone, but I do not recommend this at all.
Just started hysingla er 30mg but with norco 10\325. The pain Dr and I have been trying several IR and ER pain relief medicines.  I have chronic pain after back surgery l5-l3, plus fibro and arthritis. So I hurt from head to toe literally. I won 't give up norco until I know new meds work. That 's our agreement.  I have had only 3 days on hysingla. I tried mornings but it kept me up that nite so switched to 9pm I think it peaks about 10-12hrs in. I sleep ok. I need to be able move normal again during day! I really can 't tell I 'm taking it as I 'm still taking norco every 4 hrs. They 're not great either but least it works somewhat on back pain. I noticed on the 2nd day I 'm starting to itch.  If it doesn 't let up I 'll have call Dr office for something else. I hope not I 'd like to give full month trial. May be it is too low dose for me.
I am 16 and have been on this for almost a year now. I like this medication because for me it has done a great job on easing my headaches and nausea. I still get some once in a while but it 's not as bad as before. I have not had any real problems with my mood but I do see that I cry more often and sometimes get a little depressed, but I am able to blow it off. The only real criticism I have about this medication is that when I started on my period again it was regular then it stopped. COMPLETELY! but I was like what t?!? I would spot but at random times. For the year I have been using it I can say I have only got my period maybe twice. Very hard to know if ur preg without a period.
1st use.  Worked well to achieve and maintain erection.  I 'm one of the folks that got significant side effects with 10mg, and am on lisinopril for blood pressure. 12 hours after taking Levitra and blood pressure meds, my blood pressure went up, mild headache throughout the day became severe, and significant stomach flu symptoms.  After about 4 hours, symptoms subsided.  Woke up next morning feeling like day after the flu. Dr. advised taking half BP medicine in the morning, half in the afternoon, with Levitra somewhere in between.  The BP medicine wearing off combined with residual Levitra likely cause of symptoms. Think next time will try 5mg.
I used NuvaRing for only a month. Throughout the month I was telling people to use it, that it was the best thing ever, etc. Until it came time where my period would have come if it weren 't for NuvaRing. I was beyond moody, snapping at everyone for every little thing from talking too loud to looking at me too long. The constant cramping that came with it, along with the back pains and headaches just was not worth it. I took it out and have not looked back since.
I 've been on this pill for 2 months and the acne is horrible! Yes it prevents pregnancy so that part works but this acne sucks! Constant breakouts on my chin. I 'm going to switch pills!
This pill made me extremely emotional and anxious.
I did not like this drug at all, had to switch over to it when Loestrin discontinued. My skin was the worst its ever been and I gained weight (I 'd been on birth control for 8 years before this and never gained). Some months I would have severe hemorrhagic bleeding with clots and other months no period at all. I thought maybe because it was a chewable I wasn 't getting the full dose of the drug so I started swallowing it whole but nothing changed. I have been off for 4 months and my periods now last 3 days and I have little to no cramping.
I switched to this pill about five months ago because my insurance no longer covered Minastrin. Although my periods are very light with no cramps, I don 't recommend this pill at all. I am very active and workout almost every day. I have gained a solid 8 pounds from this pill ( I believe it is mostly water retention and maybe some fat). I am extremely emotional on it and even have chest cramps. Not to mention my acne has gotten worse. This pill is awful!! So many other brands out there that will do much better without these side effects.
I 've had this implant for 7 months now, I 've had no problems except for real bad acne breakouts. I 've alway suffered from acne here and there but it 's gotten bad after the implant. I have real bad breakouts all over my cheeks, and chin. At first I thought it was something I ate but I did some research and found out that this implant contains progesterone which can cause acne. I 'm planning to remove this implant. Look out for breakouts after implant,
I am not one to write reviews about anything online but i thought I 'd share what happened to me while on this birth control. I experienced very light to absolutely no periods(which i was completely fine with). I wanted to switch from Beyaz to something with a lower dose of hormones thinking that was a healthy choice for my body boy was I wrong! I always had extremely clear skin but within the first 2 months on this pill i started to experience severe cystic breakouts that were so painful and red I didn 't want to leave my house and made me so self conscious. I also experienced dizziness and anxiety that came out of the blue. I cannot take the breakouts anymore so I 'm switching back to Beyaz tomorrow which I never had a problem with.
I started taking Singulair 2 weeks ago, because of sinus headaches, red itchy eyes and allergies.  Also use Zyrtec and Patanol.  It has worked great, until I figured out that the stomachache I have had for the last 10 days is because of it.  I have stopped the medicine.
I just ended my second month on Yaz and won 't be starting a third. While I experienced less mood swings and PMS symptoms than I had on Jolessa, my acne continued and even got worse and I recently had a panic attack - something I have never ever experienced before. What made no sense was that I was dealing with an extremely small amount of stress, so I knew it wasn 't me. Overall while I was on it I felt more emotional than usual and a lot of fatigue. I can 't wait to return to normal after it 's out of my system. I gave it a 4 because I didn 't get pregnant.
Major itching at the injection site. No weight loss, but very good drop in A1C within 1st week. Improvements are subtle but the itching is driving me insane. Thinking of going to another form of the medication...by mouth.
I have been using Rosiver (Soolantra) for about a month now.  I&rsquo;m not sure if I should stop... I keep getting flare ups where I get bad acne and bumps plus redness.  There are moments of my skin seeming to calm down, only to flare up again.  I&rsquo;m tempted to stop, but read that people have seen positive results after using for a while.
I have been on this for over a year and I am sad that it isn 't working for certain things. I have a very light 3-4 day period every time, no breakthrough bleeding, no cramps headaches or anything else! My skin cleared up immensely. The three biggest problems were the fact that ever since I have been on this I have absolutely no sex drive, at all, I have been so depressed and down, and I gained 20 pounds because of the hormone levels :(! I would still be on it if the couple side effects I have weren 't so large.
I was taken off Lexapro and put on this. It 's made me extremely angry. I can 't do my school work or anything. I want off this NOW.
At first I loved paxil because I wasn 't crying all the time but even as I 'm writing this I feel like there are sprinklers going off in my head. I 'm always forgetting things, 0 sex drive, either I 'm in a euphoric state of mind or completely absent minded. I constantly feel stoned (and not the good kind).I just started a new job and I can hardly focus.
I took Trinessa for 6 months before I realized it was my birth control that was making me severely ill every day. From about August-February I was overcome by nausea and vomiting. I ended up in and out of the hospital numerous times and ultimately lost 60 pounds from vomiting. Trinessa is effective in preventing pregnancy, but not worth the side effects.
I took this to help with period cramps and it did not help. It also made me extremely moody. 
Easy method reliable.Increased back pain, mood swings, no sex drive at all, weight gain and hard to shift even with controlled eating and 5 days gym training. Good for 6 months then constant bleeding. Always tired, early removal and most things have changed for the better but the withdrawal on it (only 1 week) causing depression for no reason even with no history of it before considering 90% of my life is perfect
I got my first shot in June and at first had my normal 5 day period but in July I started bleeding again and been bleeding since. I got my second shot in August and that didn 't help. I 'm still bleeding and having migraines that I never had before and its October. 
I am in my mid 40s and got tinnitus. I mostly got used to the ringing in my ears, it was much like after a loud concert how your ears kind of ring for the night. Sometimes the volume gets louder when I 'm stressed out or not feeling well so I thought I would try lipoflavonoid and I 've only been taking it for 20 days but I feel like the volume in my ears has doubled it doesn 't make me feel bad in any other way but the volume is so loud now. I 'm going to finish the 30 days and if it 's still like this I 'm getting my money back. Very unsure on how well this product actually works.
I was prescribed Zyprexa to treat my Obsessive Compulsive Disorder.  I will say that my OCD behaviors were considerably helped, but the side effects were far too great for me.  Thankfully I 'm a teacher and it was summer vacation because I couldn 't wake up before 1pm (granted, I do tend to sleep late in the summer, but not that late), and when I could finally pull myself out of bed, all I would be able to do until around 7pm was lie on the couch with the posture of overcooked spaghetti, except when I was eating non-stop.  The cravings were insatiable.  I 've always been very thin, but in that one summer I gained around 20 pounds.  I had to switch medicines.
I have been taking this birth control for four months now. The first was the worst, I was irritable, frequently sad, lethargic and just overall moody. It cleared up my face and didn 't change much in the way of flow on my period but, did make them shorter. My sex drive has also decreased as well as my eating habits. I find myself less hungry but, my breasts have grown in size. Now four months later I 've been spotting non-stop for the past two weeks and my face is breaking out in acne that rests under the skin. Going to change my prescription soon but, for awhile it was definitely tolerable.
I 'm a 19 year old female who has now been on Topamax for 6 weeks, 150mg daily. I have a daily headache that ranges from pain threshold of 1 to 5, plus nausea, with a haze over my brain which slows down capability and causes general fatigue. Every 3 weeks this works its way up until a major migraine attack of a 9. But with Topamax the daily headache so far has reduced to a 1/2.
Just finished 3 days of this for a UTI and though it has worked for the condition I feel terrible ! Feel like I have no energy and like I 'm going to pass out. Whole body aches ! Just phoned my chemist who told me this was quite common on this tablet and I should feel normal in a few days. Shame it 's my wedding anniversary today as I just want to go to sleep all day. Won 't take this one again it 's not worth it.
I am a research scientist and am very knowledgeable on insulin devices and diabetes1. I got diarrhea a lot and for an extended time2. About 12% of the pens shipped do not work. ExpressScripts refuses to replace defective pens.3. My A1c levels began to climb linearly as soon as this drug replaced original therapy; i.e. Drug failure.
I 'm a 44 year old diabetic and Dr perscribed Testim 1% gel to treat my Low T level. It was not his 1st choice but my Insurance wouldn 't pay for anything else. It came in a box With 30 individual 5g small tubes. The first thing I noticed, right away, was the pungent smell that did not go away when the product evaporated.  My wife noticed it and my drycleaner too, who all found it unpleasant. Also, product goes on slimey but drys after about 5 minutes but, If you sweat, it will get slimey &amp; your clothes stick. After 2 weeks, I noticed an increase in energy levels and felt better in general.  However, I (nor my family), could not get past the pungent smell.  I stopped using this product after about 3 weeks and will ask my Dr to change.
I get depressed, had low energy and serious sexual side effects, Prozac is better tolerated
This does nothing for me. Nothing. I could take 4 pills and feel nothing while usually 1-2 pills of Ambien works well. I do have to take 5 days break with Zolpidem because the tolerance builds but I find it relatively easy on the to give it a break without any side effects except from sleeping later. I don 't like benzos for sleep. A low dose does not make me fall asleep and a high dose makes me groggy the next day. Tradozone types don 't make me sleep, I feel lethargic and hungry/depressed. I can 't sleep the normal 11pm-7am and I always wake up after 4 hours of sleep or then fall back asleep after 30 mins or more. It 's so annoying. Zolpidem is the only that works for me, save I take some breaks from it. Also, the bitter taste is SO real.
This drug started working but gave me the worst case of diarrhea.  Very hard on the gastrointestinal tract.
I have been on Cymbalta for one month for relentless anxiety and depression, after trying Paxil, Wellbutrin, Prozac and many others I can not even remember the names of. There has been a loss of appetite for a few weeks but it has mostly gone away. It caused panic in the beginning but Ativan helped a little with that. After a week I felt really good(20 mg) and have been up and down ever since. It has helped a lot but so far it is not the answer. 
Considering getting it taken out, I 've been extremely moody, sad all the time, crying and getting angry over the simplest things. Me and my boyfriend have nearly broken up twice since I got this birthcontrol because I 'm getting upset over small things that never would have upset me before. I 've only had it for two and a half weeks! It 's already changed me as a person completely, and I can 't wait to see whether it 'll make my period worse because that will be the last straw. Wouldn 't recommend this to anyone who already is quite sensitive and emotional.
I have moderate acne, cysts blackheads white heads on cheeks and chin. Applied nightly to face for 6 weeks, no improvement noticed. Got the purging period I think, but it never got any better.Am taking anti-biotics now hopefully those help instead
I&rsquo;ve had the Kyleena IUD for just over 3 months, (I have like no pain tolerance) it was incredible painful the day I got it inserted, on the way home I had to sit with the seat laid back and my feet on the dash to find a little comfort, ever since when my period come I cramp really badly starting a few days before, lasting thill the end of my period, I also spot for like a week after my period, my cramps are to a level now that sometimes I can&rsquo;t move and I just wanna drop, I&rsquo;ve got hold of my gyn to get it removed, I can&rsquo;t do the pain anymore, I have PCOS and it&rsquo;s more painful than my first period after 8 months without one, it&rsquo;s almost as bad as cyst bursting on my ovaries pain wise.
Many side effects. Such as muscle pain, weakness, tenderness, gas, blurred vision.
The pill worked very well. I had been taking it for three months and never got pregnant. I have always had headaches just not that often as I do now. I have had them for 3 weeks straight and only one of those days I did not have a headache. Now looking up this info on the pill I believe this is what is causing them. My headaches have got worse over the last three months.
This drug worked after 5 days on my sinus infection. On the 6 day I experienced vomiting, dizziness, stomach craps, constipation, black stool, hypertension, fast beating of the heart, low energy, hives on my face, headaches, swollen eye lids, dark circles under my eyes. Day 11 after taking the last dose, still experiencing fast heart beat, swelling in my feet, hives on my face. Low energy.
I 've only been taking Lyza for 3 weeks now and I started breaking out the first week and I have never broken out on my face before. I have gained 7 lbs despite only eating soups and salads and cutting out carbs. The only plus side to this is I haven 't gotten a killer migraine before the start of my period. I was put on Lyza due to my hormonal migraines and it has helped but I would rather suffer the migraine than gain weight so I 'm getting off these pills.
I used this medication during the last school year, but it didn 't help me much. My grades were still failing and I had no appetite. I was also very depressed. I have been off it for a while now, and my grades have significantly improved compared to what they were.
I took Trileptal over 2 years ago and had horrible side effects.  Started at 1500mg with no change in mood and with no side effects.  Raised it to 2400 Mg (Max dosage) and was in a constant drunk/high haze all day.  20 minutes after taking it I couldn 't walk in a straight line.  My parents would spend an hour some mornings trying to get me to wake up.  My managers wouldn 't let me work cause it was too noticeable I was &quot;high&quot;. Trileptal seems to help a lot of people so this isn 't to discourage people for taking it.  
I had this IUD put in almost two years ago. Pro: I 'm not pregnant. Cons: Constant spotting still to this day, no sex drive, can feel it every now and then, and my boyfriend can feel it but has gotten used to it.  I 'm not sure why everyone says it hurt to be put in, because mine didn 't. I did have to go back to have the string cut even more because it actually started to come out of me. Personally - I wouldn 't recommend getting this product. I will be taking mine out as my boyfriend has realized how annoying the spotting is. Can 't wear any cute underwear because you never know when the spotting will start up and not having a sex drive is a killer. Why have an IUD if you don 't even have a sex drive..?!
I have been taking Lutera up for almost two full months n Now. I would not recommend this pill to my worst enemy I have been bleeding since day one it started out with new blood and now for the last month it 's been dried up brown old blood this is not what I signed up for. It 's doing the exact opposite of what it 's supposed to be doing lightning your period and cramps. My Obgyn says to stick it out for 3 months but screw him. He 's not bleeding for an entire month so why should I suffer. Wouldn 't recommend this pill.
Was not pleased with this drug.
Years ago I had been on the patch form of birth control and had enjoyed the way it shortened my periods and cleared my acne, so after a few years of being on no hormones and dealing with long periods with cramps and some acne again I decided to try Nuvaring. My doctor gave me a trial ring and I was on it for one month, in which I was spotting or bleeding the entire month!!! I saw another review that said this may mean the dosage is too low. But while being on it I remembered the other reasons I had decided to get off of hormones a few years back. Those being; loss of sex drive, emotional roller coaster, weight gain, breast tenderness, no energy, and (ethical reason) it 's horrible for the environment. I think I 'll go back to no hormones
I have been on sprintec for four months. The first month I started taking it I all of a sudden got extremely depressed and felt on edge all the time. I experienced nausea, some breast pain, extreme headaches, and I gained 15 pounds in the first 3 months. Some of the symptoms have gone away and I haven 't had any breakout but I still get down in the dumps. One day I 'll be high and a couple hours later I felt like I wanted to crawl under a rock. Before getting on this birth control me and my boyfriend had sex every day at least once. Now I 'm lucky if I feel like doing it twice a week. There 's maybe a 3-4 day period where I want to besides that I just don 't feel like it anymore. I wouldn 't recommend this birth control at all
2 pills a day for 7 days. Wow. I am finally done taking this medication for an ear infection that was caused by a sinus infection. I had almost all the side effects listed, sadly. Heart palpitations, headache, nausea, hunger pains, acid reflux, insomnia, diarrhea and metallic taste in mouth all night long! Unreal. It 's my last day and although I feel better, I now feel like I am recovering from all the side effects of this drug! My advice is to take it with a lot of food and probiotics! You will need to find a way to counteract all the side effects! I 'm not sure it 's even worth taking, to be honest. Heart palpitations alone made me feel like I had a heart attack waiting to happen.
I was admitted to hospital for an asthma attack. Had never taken any kind of breathing medication before, even though I 'd had trouble with breathing (shortness of breath, tight chest, can 't take deep breaths) for a while. I was given Ventolin. I didn 't respond to the first few puffs through the inhaler and chamber spacer, so they gave me burst therapy, which involved taking 4-5 puffs every 20 minutes for 2 hours. After the first 40 minutes, I was shaking like crazy, couldn 't sit still. This shaking persisted until I went to sleep that night. The ventolin inhaler they gave me DOESN 'T help - only a very large dose of ventolin seems to ease the symptoms. Overall, good in high doses for severe asthma but comes with side effects.
I tried this as an alternative to other opiates for long-term pain management (I have very severe orthopedic issues and have for many years). It worked ok for pain management at the max dose except that I couldn 't then take any other opiates for break-through pain control (only tramadol, which is useless to me, and even then my insurance company eventually stopped allowing the combo), so I was stuck with lowering my activity level so my pain would increase as little as possible. I also developed a whole host of side effects, the worst of which was probably horribly dermatitis on my face. I also found out after the fact that taking suboxone forever labels you as an opiate addict who needed it to help stop your addiction, which isn 't my case!
I decided to start taking the birth control shot after the birth of my son. I figured it would be worth the convenience of getting the shot every 3 months and not having to remember to take a pill.  Ever since I 've started getting the injections my side affects has been SEVERE mood swings, DECREASE in my libido, cramping and nausea. I 've never liked the idea of not having a regular cycle; however taking birth control does alter your menstrual cycle. I 'm going to have to consider other options for birth control. I can 't deal with my severe mood swings! I 'm starting to lash out against my family and it hurts. I 'm a young 33 year old and my sex drive has gone completely down hill!
25 year old Female - weight loss issues my whole life - severe thyroid &amp; gastrointestinal issues - anxiety/panic disorder - Starting weight 193lbs - started the medication 9/11/15 - today is 9/14 - no anxiety while taking the medication besides the first day on the come down. No insomnia as of yet (i could but i cant tell since i already have insomnia :) ) Starting to get a headache but that can be controlled. First 2 days SEVERE dry mouth but hey more water will do ya good. Appetite is still kinda there but for the most part im not hungry until i remember i need to eat. High protein, low carb meals. Try to eat every 2 hours small meals since you need to keep your metabolism up. So far so good. We will see how this goes
Just didn 't do much for me at all. Finally I switched to another SSRI and the difference is so huge!  Don 't be afraid to try another if it 's just not working. I really, really wish I had done it sooner.
Important when taking atenolol with Diabetes Mellitus it masks hypoglycaemic warning signs 
Little positive results.  Caused excessive dry mouth and markedly reduced ejaculate.
Have moderate prostatitis. Prescribed Cipro for 1 month.  Helped slightly, but at least condition didn 't worsen. Had NO side-effects. Dr. switched me to Doxycycline. Slight improvement first 3 weeks. More improvement week 4 and 5.  PSA and symptoms continue to decline. Some experts recommend a longer anti-biotic course for prostatitis.... up to 12 weeks, because of difficulty drugs have penetrating the prostate gland.
this drug not only gave me a low key eating disorder but it made me have terrible, TERRIBLE mood swings all the time. it would make me cry and be irrationally angry at everyone at the same time. on top of that I would bearly be able to eat because the pill is also used as a way to treat binge eating. it also made me feel like I was having a heart attack at times and my heart would feel like it was going to stop beating. the only positive is that yes it did improve my focus and motivation immensly.
I 've had this thing in for about 2 years aND at 3 I get it taken out. At first it was great and then about a year and a half in I started bleeding heavy... everyday. I have terrible cramps, back pain, mood swings, weight gain, and worst of all constantly bleeding. I am scared to go to my doctor because I feel as if my issue isn 't important but honestly I can 't take it anymore. I set up an appointment and will get to the bottom of this. I can 't even explain how much pain it 's caused me. I hope someone can explain these symptoms to me because I just don 't understand what 's wrong with me.
I started using Viibryd about a week and a half ago.  First couple days great, no problem.  Went up to 20 mgs and weird side effects have started.  I constantly feel like I am going to vomit.  My legs are cramping and feels like I worked really hard which I haven 't.  I 'm in pretty good shape, trim usually.  I am so bloated that I look like I am 3 months pregnant.  I 'm going back to the Prozac.  The side effects aren 't worth it. 
I injured my back and it took me 4 days to visit the doctor.  Even though he barely examined me, he prescribed me Amrix.  I 'm not the hugest fan!  I am a busy mother who works full time and goes to school full time.  Amrix makes you tired and not able to do a whole lot. It didn 't help too much with the pain either.
Im 30 yo and very physically fit. Ive always had great skin and since I tried this my skin has broken out every day not only on my fave but my body. My mood swings have been through the roof! The only good thing was my periods disappeared. I took my nexplanon out 3 days ago and skin is back to normal almost perfect and no mood swings. I guess it just does not balance with my body at all.
I was diagnosed with strep throat Monday morning.  The doctor prescribed 500mg of amoxicillin three times a day.  I filled the script that morning and started my course.  It is now Saturday morning and I am halfway through the course.  Last night was the worst night since this thing started.  I cannot sleep through the night because my throat is still very swollen and it is extremely painful when I swallow.  My lower back and ears are now achy.
I started taking this because I was getting upset really easy. At first I felt a little happier but it definitely made me shaky and sick. I get upset a lot less but I 'm really just numb to everything. It make me impulsive and irritated.
I found Pregabalin help the pain from my spinal stenosis, but the anxiety and depression that it caused meant I had to reduce the amount I took.I think it works for some people, but anyone suffering from depression it makes it 100 times worse.
I have been taking seroquil for 18 months and have gained about 30 lb.  I take 200mg at night and find I feel as if I am starving and eat crazy amounts sugary food that  I crave. I find that when I wake my eyes have a haze over them for a half hour or so. If I miss a dose I can not sleep no matter how much I try. I get a clenched jaw and grind my teeth when I miss a dose. I was in prison and sometimes was not given the opportunity to take it. Those nights and days were long. I will say that it helps slow the mind down and it is amazing to get to sleep. With that said after taking it I was ready for bed in about 20min whether I wanted to sleep then or not. When I tried stopping I did not sleep right for months.
I find this Medication very difficult to rate due to the fact that Effectiveness is not able to be judged until you have established a therapeutic level which can ultimately take as long as a week or so!I am not sure if I am being titrated properly or not. I suffer with an extremely severe case of Rheumatoid Arthritis and with that said anyone who shares the same diagnosis will agree that &quot;No Medication no matter in what amount can bring you even 75% relief ' '. I am taking 1 10mg. Opana ER 3 times a day! It is my understanding that 2 per day is the normal dosage however through a mixup at an appointment with my Pain Mgmt. Clinic I saw a different Practicioner and she messed up my original regiment of 2 30mg. I am on the fence w/this Drug!
I got tired of taking the pill so I figured this might be a great alternative. Boy was I wrong.Yes, it kept me from getting pregnant but it gave me bacterial vaginosis on every other week...and I only had it inserted for a month and a half!I would get the BV treated, and it be right back like clock work. Also, my partner reported that the strings were uncomfortable and they poked him during intercourse.Glad to report that 9 months after I have had it removed, I have not had a single stint of bacterial vaginosis and I am sticking with the pill.
I have PCOS and this is easily my 15th BC I have been on since I was 16 (25 now).  I have been on it for 5 months and I 'm lucky if I even get spotting.  It skips periods which is not safe to me.  I have horrible headaches, some weight gain, breast tenderness, and exhaustion.  I am a very active person typically 4-6 days at the gym, and can 't find motivation to do ANYTHING anymore.  I have 0 motivation for life.  I would stay away from this pill if you 're sensitive to birth control side effects.  My OB is switching me to OVCON 35, fingers crossed.  Any other ladies face issues finding the right BC who have PCOS?!
Was on this medication for chlamydia and it worked great, was symptom free after only 2 pills (1 day). This medication DID NOT work when I got a UTI, I took 4 pills (2 days) and my symptoms actually got worse!
My experience :  I was prescribed 1-2, 25 mg tabs before bed for sleep.  It did put me to sleep in about an hour to 2 hours and I  would only wake up once during the night but the grogginess, zombie-like feeling made it very difficult to wake up and stay up the rest of the day.  I would sneak in a nap or two.  It would finally wear off around 4 in the afternoon.  After about a month, I stopped taking it.
Treated daughter as directed with Sklice, and 5 days later, live lice reappeared.  Disappointed to say the least after washing bedding, putting away stuffed animals, etc.  Any health care provider I talked to about the re-occurrence said that you MUST comb out the nits even though the Sklice directions and website advertise that no combing is needed.  Feel greatly misled.
I went for colonoscopy and Doctor told me I needed endoscopy as well. In two weeks I 've got phone call that I have H Pylori infection in my stomach and prescribed Pylera. I was taking 12 tablets a day and 1 tablet of Protonix for 10 days and now I feel much worse than before. Before I was healthy and now I am sick to my stomach.
Did not help me fall or stay asleep. Side effects: headaches and terrible taste in mouth.
I started taking solodyn 80mg for a month after stopping my birth control and developing cystic acne as a result of stopping it. I have the giant cystic ones that come back worse every time I stop an antibiotic for acne (2 rounds of doxy, 1 round of minocycline). So I took it for 8 weeks total and noticed significant hair loss over those eight weeks with mild improvement in my acne. I got less giant pimples that were deep and under the surface, but within 1.5 weeks of stopping, I have them probably worse than ever. Felt tired and lazy most of the time while I was on it and had trouble focusing. Not worth the side effects for minimal improvement. Hope you have better luck.
I was prescribed Bactrim DS for a Paronychia infection on my right index finger.  There was no apparent abscess so the doctor felt a script of Bacrtim DS would do the job.  After taking the first pill I began to fill dizzy and nauseous.  Over the next few days I had barely any appetite and wanted to sleep all day.  I felt like I could not get enough sleep.  I was also extremely sensitive to the sunlight which only enhanced my desire to sleep more.  Over all the infection did not appear to change in the 3 1/2 days on the antibiotic but that is not to say it did not work.  I just was not able to function on it therefore I called my doctor for something else.
I was originally on Trisprintec and got switched to Trinessa and ever since have had nothing but problems I get a period every two weeks, I vomit all the time and have gained alot of weight.  I 've been on this pill for 7 months now so my body should be used to it by now. Very unhappy.
This gave me horrible stomach cramps.  I had NO pressure or congestion.  Day 3 of these and I can 't breathe and out of my nose and the pressure is excruciating.  I feel like my head is going to explode.  Mega dosing with vitamin c next time. No side effects.  I am not finishing this crap.  I never stop an antibiotic early but this is the worst.
Don 't waste your money on this. All this product does is take away the pain. I got this as soon as i felt a cold sore coming and applied it religiously and it did nothing for me. On the 4th day of my outbreak someone told me to try &quot;New Skin&quot; its a type of liquid bandaid, got it at wallmart for 4$. Less than 12 hours after putting new skin on the outbreak has drastically gone down in size and the nasty scabs were gone. It just looked like a small burn.
I have been using Humira since October of 2009, I had a lot of swelling in my joints after the injection and redness, swelling and bruising.  I have not noticed much difference. I have started not only the cartilage degeneration but it is affecting my bone also.  We are about to try Simponi.  Hopefully this will work.
Helped somewhat with congestion but I could not continue to take it due to insomnia (even after taking it during the day) jitters, dizziness, and anxiety.
Helped with my incontinence, caused very bad swelling.
Well no experience more like question I was just prescribed this drug but I see so many bad reviews so I 'm scared for dear life to try it but I need something to work I was on Zoloft 50 mg but it did nothing what else can I get on that I won 't have awful side effects like these reviews
I went on lexapro to control my depression caused by depo, and it was awful. It stopped my anxiety attacks, but I was still constantly paranoid. It helped with most of my depression. The lows were not as frequent or severe. However, it made me gain 30 lbs in a year. No amount of exercise of diet would help. I would not recommend this medication.
My bone density improved while taking Fosamax. However, I had nausea, intense heartburn, gained 20 pounds, and had to start taking prescription stomach medications due to gastric problems.  Finally, I stopped taking it, lost 20 pounds, felt much better and could eat again, but my doctor is now telling me I have lost significant bone mass since stopping this medication.  Will now try Atelvia with calcium supplements.
The doctor prescibed epiduo as a 27 yr old I have never suffered from acne and it has just come out of no where in the past couple of months. After reading reviews I cannot believe how I have the same experience using this as a lot of people! Yes it gets rid of the spots but..At first it was fine slight burning after the 4th day of using it (only once at night) my skin was worse than acne! I have never been in so much pain on my face! Red! Itching rash! I am stopping from using this now as it feels like someone has scrapped the skin off of my face ! The doctors should warn us about this before prescribing!!!
Day 4 on Belviq. Cravings haven 't subsided nor do I feel like my brain is signaling me that I 'm full or that I do not need that Reese 's in line at the market for the ride home. My main concern is the tiredness, the lethargy and listlessness. It is horrible. I want to stop taking it but have read to &quot;hang in there&quot;. Oh mercy!! I 'm trying but it 's so hard. My husband can notice the difference. My sexual appetite is gone, heck maybe it 's bc I 'm too tired. In any case I will continue for several more days as I hear this will go away, but it 's so very hard. I am hoping that my cravings for sweets will subside as well. Will update.
Wasn 't a good thing for me.  Was dizzy and fell down three times.
Had to take this medicine because wasn 't able to find heartbeat.  It was the worst pain I 've experienced.  My Dr had prescribed me some strong pain  killers and it did nothing.  I was throwing up and had diarhea.  I was so weak nauseous and in such pain.  I was freezing and shaking so much. I felt a bit better when i finally went into a hot bath. But then trying not to fall asleep and drown.   I Hated every second of it. If had to choose again probably do dnc but I guess it is different for everyone
It works in my depression, I feel more positive and happy but I had gastrointestinal problems ,and slurred speech people think I am drinking,also sluggish.I received a package from my doctor.Don 't know if this effects will go away but if not ,I won 't continue.
works very slow. it took months for an improvement not weeks and the improvement is very limited, also had semen leakge as side effect after 125mg
I had high hopes for this birth control, reading all the effects of hormonal birth control has me afraid to try anything else. Insertion was quick but very painful, worst pain I have ever felt in my life. So make sure you take some Motrin at least 1hr beforehand. Adjusting period wasn 't bad, spotting here and there for about 2 weeks. Some of the cons are heavier period with more cramps, but I 've always had a 7 day  and painful periods so I did not notice a change.  Worked great I had no side effects for almost a year. Then I got pregnant with the IUD in the correct position. Luckily it was not ectopic. Still it had 1 job and failed.
It worked for my joints but I got dizzy and a headache. I had to stop taking it because I continued to feel faint.
My personal experience..it helps my back pain for a couple hours, but I just have to keep downing 100MG every 2 hours and I 'm not doing that. You get high off of it with little pain relief. My side effects: severe headaches, nausea, dizziness.**IF YOU ARE TAKING ANTI DEPRESSANTS research SEROTONIN SYNDROME** Can also increase depression. Stay safe &amp; check this site for drug interactions.Doctors prescribe Tramadol for pain they don 't consider severe enough for say percocet or vicodin, but severe enough that it still needs an opiate to manage the pain. Tramadol is the little brother of the opiate/opioid family. People don 't talk about &quot;Tramadol abuse&quot; but it is very addictive and for tons of people it simply does not cut it for chronic pain
I had sexual side effects from Norvasc and it only moderately controlled my hypertension.
I have had the Nexplanon in for almost two years now. I 'm about to go get it out. The only positive is no periods. Now for the negatives. Irritability, mood swings, depression, anxiety, uncontrollable anger, weight gain, acne, oily hair, and hair loss. I 'm so unhappy all the time, and I thought it was something going on in my life, but I have nothing to stress about. I 'm not pleasant to be around, and I used to be the happiest and most pleasant person I know. I 'm getting it removed bc I feel like I 'm destroying mine and my son 's self esteem. Please don 't get the Nexplanon unless you are trying to screw up your life.  I will never recommend this birth control to anyone.
The &quot;hot flashes&quot; were really unbearable.  I was changing entire sets of clothes at least once a day.  I finally stopped using Savella.  I 'm not sure if it helped my pain, but watch out for this side effect, documented in the Savella medication handout.  Good luck to all others who are using it; I really hope you do not experience this side effect.
Started taking this with Lexapro - I would wake up in the middle of the night and not be able to fall back to sleep.  I hated that so I stopped taking it.
I decided at 2:30 a.m. to use the Monistat 3 day cream. Now I 'm tossing and turning because I cannot go back to sleep. OMG it burns and my insides are twitching!!! This better be worth it! (I see someone mentioned that means that it 's working)
Well like all women are different, I have had this implant for about 6 months now, I used to be a very happy go lucky girl, I 'm 21 btw; well this implant is making me very irrational and emotional, aside from this I had very very thick hair prior to the insertion.  I now have experienced a lot of hairloss due to this. Although I have not been pregnant I have had very different body odor my husband says it is not the same as it used to I 'm a very clean person! Aside from not getting pregnant which is the only plus to this contraception contraption I have had menstrual cycles that last between two months on end. Very annoying. Also making sexual encounters rather drier, I used to be niagra falls now I 'm death valley... i cannot wait to remove it
I 've been on this medication since I was 9 I 'm 21 now. I 've always had trouble in school and it has helped me a lot to concentrate but without it I can 't focus at all. I became too dependent on it so now that I am in college I cannot study or find any kind of motivation to stay focused if I 'm not on it. It wouldn 't be a bad thing if it didn 't make me depressed. Recently in this past year I 've been taking it almost every day again and have been feeling sad for no reason, always thinking negative and very irritable until I put two and two together. Now trying to get off once I am done with school next month for good.
Took only once and it made me sick to my stomach with mild hallucinations.  Haven 't used it for a year and switched to Ultram, but was considering giving it a second try. 
Have had intractable migraines for 38 yrs-just had 31 injections for migraine a month ago.  Within 3 days I began having muscle spasms in neck/shoulders 24/7.  Went back to neurologist and he gave me Lidoderm Patches (12 hrs on 12 hrs off).  They help somewhat but the adhesive breaks out my skin.  I chose to wear them during the day so I can function at work.  My head feels so heavy that my neck muscles don 't feel that they can support it so I have to lie down in my car at work every few hours to relieve pressure.  Am supposed to have a 2nd round of injections in 2 months but have decided the side effects are worse than my 3-4 migraines wk.  At least I had a few days without any pain before.  
I developed an illness that evolved in stages.  A few stages in I lost the ability to sleep naturally.  This was about eleven years ago.   A few years went by trying every sleep med with utter failure.  Ambien, Lunesta, benzodiazepines, trazadone, most atypical antipsychotics.  Eventually a new lifestyle evolved where I would be up for near three days straight then sleep for a full day, repeat.  What finally put me to sleep was a little risperidone and a megadose of seroquel.  Risperdal &quot;allowed&quot; me to fall asleep, while max dose of seroquel &quot;KEPT ME in sleeping state &quot;long enough&quot; and &quot;deep enough.&quot;  3am now, tried 10mg of zyprexa an hour ago alone, its barely affecting me. Remeron with halved seroquel/risperdal, put me down great.
I started on it and was increased over several weeks to 20mg a day.  At first, it was OK but then the nausea started.  It did not matter if I took it with food or before bedtime, it was always there.  I started feeling slow and more depressed.  Today i saw my provider and we decided to wean me off and try something else.  I am doing a genetic test to see what meds I will respond to the best.
i was on byetta from for 6 mths it was good to control the sugar levels but i did not find any other benefit as to what the drug claim about losing weight....i thought the expense was to much for the not so stellar results.....
I was diagnosed with pan UC 2 years ago. My doctor gave me different medication that didn 't work for me and made me worse. I lost 20 pounds in two weeks and didn 't eat or drink anything because I would go to the bathroom ten times a day.  My doctor finally recommended remicade,  symptoms went down and a year later I 've started flaring up again. They increased dosage and I get it every month now. But while I 'm writing this my flare ups started again and it 's been two weeks of bleeding and my doctor is on vacation. I don 't know to do next, I don 't want to have surgery.
Before I started taking this I was very easy going and rarely let little things get to me. As soon as I started taking it I got horrible mood swings, which have continued on and off ever since (I give my boyfriend all the credit in the world for putting up with it). Also immediately started gaining weight, about 30 lbs until I basically started starving myself. Plus my breasts grew from about a C to a DD and starting to feel saggy, which wreaks all kind of havoc on my back and stomach muscles. My periods have been very heavy and previous were always very light. It seems like the only days I 'm not bloated are when I take the placebos. I only rated as high as I did because I haven 't gotten pregnant :p (yet)
I 'm getting older and my hormones are changing, (I 'm 28) but being on TriNessa this time around, my breasts have been sore for 2 weeks, and my normally clear skin has now turned into a breeding ground for bright red painful acne cysts.  I 've only been on it for 1 month, but I 'm going to give it a couple more months.  On the bright side, I 'm not pregnant.
I 've had this since March of 2010 and at first it was great. I had a period maybe every other month sometimes they would last for a week or a little longer sometimes they would be shorter. Now after 2 years Ive been bleeding for about a month and it is heavy. No pregnancies but I feel like I am. I 've had crazy mood swings, sometimes I 'm super hungry and sometimes I can 't eat and I feel like I 'm always tired. Thinking about taking it out
I 've been on this for about 6 months and the first few months were great. I felt no difference after switching from a different pill. The last few months on the other hand have been terrible! I 've been so moody (cry at the drop of a hat, always mad and irritated) and I 've been having terrible cravings. I have also experienced in between periods spotting and general discomfort in my body.
My dr put me straight on Desfax/Pristiq (desvenlafaxine) instead of Lexapro hoping that the inhibition of norepinephrine reuptake in addition to the SRI would help with energy and motivation. It was an easy swap, didn 't need to ween off lexapro, and didn 't get any side effects from stopping lexapro or starting pristiq from memory. The first 4 weeks or so felt relatively steady (placebo effect) then out of nowhere had vivid nightmares, snappy/irritated mood out of nowhere (this was new to me I 'm not usually that kind of person),I had dangerous/impulsive behaviours, and then it got even worse and it felt like the depression came back in full swing with horrible low moods and crying. No more pristiq.Now to try a Bupropion &amp; Valdoxen combo.
this drug caused incredible severe nosebleeds that landed me in the hospital, to the point where my bathroom looked like a crime scene.  Had to miss work because of the side effect of the drug.   I had to use two inhalers, one was daily and one was a rescue inhaler due to severe shortness of breath.  This drug should not be on the market, it is dangerous!
Hair loss and thinning good readings with this drug but not come off it due to hair loss. I did urinate a lot and it did smell very sweet.
This was the first birth control I was ever on. The first 4 months on it were fine. My sex drive was normal, my moods were normal, then it all changed. I noticed I start to become depressed. I had emotional outbursts, I was moody all the time. Not to mention my sex drive became nonexistent, and I was so dry down there it was too painful to enjoy intercourse. I felt like a completely different person, and not in a good way. In July I went off the pill and stuck to condoms. I 'm starting a new brand called  'Lutera ' and hoping it 's better than microgestrin fe 1/20 was. Pros: No pregnancy scares. Periods were on time. Cons: depression. Anxiety. Mood swings.
Been on this medication for 3-4 months for depression and insomnia. Does not help me get to sleep at all I 'm up for hours thing to fall asleep every night no matter what dose I 'm on (started at 15 now at 45) I can 't wake up most mornings have to drag myself out of bed. Hasn 't really helped the depression just made me have even less energy to do anything productive, I eat so much then feel so upset about my body due to the appetite change. I get really weird and vivid dreams - sometimes really bad night mares that I can 't tell if they are real or not. Changed my personality, even at my deepest depression points I would still be funny and try and lighten up every situation now I 'm irritable, can 't talk to anyone, angry just can 't socialise
So I take this on and off. Well I am back on. And first off, I struggle with weight issues CONSTANTLY! Last week 5-11 I weighed 143. Today 5-20 I weigh 151!!! Haven 't changed eating habits, drinking habits. Nothing. Needless to say it 's nice to go to the bathroom. But when I have to fit in a wedding dress in 29 days I think I 'll pass on the medication. The weight gain, water rent entire, severe bloating stomach. Think I 'll pass.
I began taking this pill in May, after having my second child. The nurse at the clinic told me to wait at least three months, as the symptoms would subside. They didn 't. I have experienced irregular bleeding, heavier than normal bleeding, cramping, my skin looks worse than it ever has, the bloating is TERRIBLE - I have gained 15 pounds since starting this pill, I 've had more headaches, severe fatigue, and have been just down right moody. It has done the job of preventing pregnancy, but then again it has given me the sex-drive of an elderly woman. Would not recommend.
I have had my Nexplanon implant out for about a week now and WOW what a difference!! I experienced bad mood swings with this birth control as well as changes in appetite, weight gain, acne, and random bleeding. I expected the appetite change and bleeding, they didn 't bother me too much but the mood swings got me, I thought I was going crazy. Since the implant has been out I 've noticed my mood is totally different, I 'm not hungry all the time and my face has been slowly clearing back up. I loved the simplicity and ease of it, and stuck with it for about 7 months but glad I had it removed.
I took this medicine for 6 years and it helped my depression. Allergies became much worse over time and I assumed it was just seasonal or food allergy. Suffered a lot with allergies over the 6 years I was on Cymbalta and was unable to do much of anything even though I have 4 school aged kids. When my Doctor recently increased dosage, my allergies went haywire..... prickly feeling in fingers arms back, itchy nose, throat and private region. Because the allergies came on slowly, I didn 't realize it was Cymbalta causing the problem. I really suffered with this and would hate for another to do the same. If you have weird allergy like symptoms, check the Cymbalta. It helped my depression, but I still was not able to live comfortably because of the reaction.
Made me too &quot;hungover&quot; and groggy the next day.  I was even breaking my 50mg pill in half.
Was having some anxiety and depression issues due to many life factors. Was told that Wellbutrin would be a good option and that it was fairly mild. The first few days had the euphoric feeling everyone talks about, but this ended in 2-3 days. After that anger kicked in to the point where I was taking walks at 1am to calm down and relax. From there the weirdness kicked in. A feeling that 's hard to describe but life got very flat. Didn 't feel anything, just flat. I felt like I had a lobotomy or something. At a party last week a friend asked if I was stoned as I looked out of it. Then I forgot to take it one day and I felt great that day, joy, emptions, had fun. I then took it the next day and felt horrible. Cold turkey and happy, not for me
This medicine can help many people for very short use I 've been on it for 4 years and it rules my life so please don 't stay on it more than 15 days or you will to be bit by the dragon Ive been off it by choice 5 days now I 've experienced super withdrawal effects I was only taking 2mg at jump point with doc on call and my brother helping me through it so please use this very short term there are serious side effects
Although it did work for reducing my migraines, I found that the side effects outweighed the treatment. I had almost all of the side effects mentioned: confusion, irritability, diarrhea, tingling hands and feet, vision changes, loss of appetite and weight, change in sex drive and worst of all hives. The people around me were glad I stopped taking it, as it made me act differently than I would normally.
The first time I took this medication I was severely constipated and was recommended this by a doctor. I woke up the morning after taking two pills with diarrhea all day. It cleaned my system out pretty good and overall I thought it worked great. I was constipated again a short time later so I decided to take a dulcolax pill again. I woke up at 5:00 am with the worst stomach pain I 've ever experienced. My face turned white as a ghost and I could barely make it to my parents bedroom. I fainted on the way there and couldn 't stand back up for 20 minutes. Finally after severe pain for another two hours I was able to fall asleep. Worst product ever. I felt like I was dying.
It does the job as far as not getting pregnant but I 'm never getting it again!!! It will be 3yrs March 11 and I can 't wait 2 take it out!! Anxiety is so bad, attitude is worse, I can 't concentrate, confused, Moody, bleed and have some sort of discharge everyday, infections. I think it 's old blood in me that 's not coming out and causing a disturbing smell like a miscarriage smell..I know this birth control can cause blood clots so hopefully I don 't have that going on. So I 'm gonna get on pills or maybe nothing!  Been Celibate since I got it in (3yrs) DON 'T GET IT PLEASE DON 'T!!!
For context, I am a 21 year old male with oily, bumpy, red skin. I began taking Oracea in June of 2017. For the first month, I noticed no change. After that, I began noticing improvement until about week 6 when I peaked in terms of how my skin looked and felt. For whatever reason, my skin went downhill ever since then. It has now been 6 months on Oracea, and my skin is only slightly better than when I was not taking Oracea, even though I also started metrogel in September. It seems like Oracea works for some people, but it did not consistently work for me.
The first few months I was thrilled with the Implanon. I noticed no side effects and I had no period. I did notice a small decrease in sex drive but that was it. About a month ago, I started noticing my hair fall out. It has gotten to very thin on top and it comes out when I 'm brushing it, touching it, etc. I think I will be getting it taken out because of the hair loss, my doctor told me there is no way to know when it will stop and I can 't afford to lose more hair.
I ran out of my prescription and hadn 't been on the Nuva ring for months. I started back on it two weeks ago and I 've been an emotional wreck ever since. My boyfriend even noticed how weird it was that I was happy all the time when I wasn 't on birth control and since I started back on it I 've been upset and crying every day. I feel so bad for him having to deal with me because the smallest thing will set me off and then I 'm just irrationally angry. I hate feeling this way. Going to have to go back to the doctor to get a different bc.
This is an initial review seeing as though I haven 't even gotten through the first pack yet. My doctor prescribed tri sprintec for my skin &amp; to avoid weight gain.I take the pill everyday at 5:30 pm. An odd daily pattern has developed. In the morning I feel normal. Then by the early afternoon, I 'll get a killer headache a couple hours before its time to take the pill! Once I take it, the headache subsides but I get nausea instantly (sometimes vomit) &amp; lose my appetite for the night. Then I get fatigued fast and have been sleeping very early. By the next morning I feel back to normal. The headaches and nausea suck! I also noticed really painful under the skin pimples. Waiting for skin to clear. Boobs are getting bigger that 's a plus
Positive: -You won 't get pregnant. -You may see some acne clear upNegative:-Severe mood swings. I can 't even control myself.  My emotions do whatever they want, whenever they want. It 's ruining my relationship with my boyfriend. I cry multiple times a day. I never used to be like this.  I am switching to a non-hormonal birth control option.
I have had toenail fungal infection for a long time. I have been taking this medicine for over a year and a half. It got better and finally grew to the end but is still thick and yellow, however it is now clear on about 1/3 of my big nail now. Doctor said keep taking, must have had a bad infection with it. Not sure why my nails take so long to grow out. Liver still great.
I had to stop taking this (amoxicillin liquid) after it made my throat swell up and affected my breathing.  I strongly believe that it was the yellow colouring in the medication which caused this rather than the drug itself as I have had allergic reactions to Tartrazine on several occasions and I now read labels thoroughly.  I wish medications could be prescribed that do not have added colourings as a large number of people, like me, are allergic to several azo dyes.
This medication did not seem to work any better than others I have taken, but it has made me extremely drowsy. I was not feeling well when I started taking it, so it took me a full week to figure out the XYZAL was making me so tired. I do not recommend this drug if you are susceptible to drowsiness side effects. Since it is sold in a 24-hour pill, I 'm stuck being sleepy for a long time until this pill is out of my system.
While on this birth control I 've had major mood swings to the point where the people in my house walk on egg shells around me. I feel extremely annoyed and angry all the time. I also have been super spacey, like I 'm daydreaming all day. I can 't concentrate on anything (Not sure if its the birth control though) I can 't wait to switch birth controls. I finally made it to the dr. to get a new one prescribed.
I have been on Seasonique for over 6 months. I have had continuous spotting along with cramps for the last 16 days. My doctor informed me to skip the pills at the end of the pack so that I do not have any periods due to my periods being extremely painful. However, I hate the fact that I have been spotting for over 2 weeks. I started this birth control to treat endometriosis and to regulate my periods. Yet, spotting every day is not any better. I am looking into other options right now. I don 't like bleeding all the time.
The first few months I loved it! Then I started bleeding for weeks then it would stop for a few days and come right back. I always have cramps and feel bloated, I have gained 25lbs! Now I have to be double birth controlled.
This is my 4th pregnancy.  I 've always had bad morning sickness with each pregnancy but always ended by my 10th week.  I started the Rx at 7 weeks and tried stopping at 13 weeks but experience terrible withdrawal symptoms. I only take 1 pill at night. When I tried stopping the med,  I violently throw up, nauseous all day, body aches and excessive sweating.  I would have never started the prescription if I knew stopping it is this painful.
My daughter, 11 yo, was prescribed Tamiflu for influenza A. She took it for a day, it helped to break the fever but at a high cost of the worst nausea in her life. We decided to discontinue taking it as side effects are worse than flu symptoms on their own. Please be cautious of severe nausea if you decide to take Tamiflu.
I have been taking 5 mg of Ambien for quite a while. It has, however, been making me wake up, every hour on the hour, and I eat and eat through out the night. Years ago I took Ambien and I would wake up and I would find crumbs in the bed and would not remember even eating anything. Let 's just say, I gain  'unneeded ' weight...... ;( I told my psychiatrist today that I want to stop taking it and that I wish to  'wean ' myself off of it, and she told me to  'just do it '. You don 't have to worry about weaning it. Your on such a small dose.&quot; On every thing I have ever read and learned (I am a RN), you wean yourself off of any medicine. So I am going to wean myself off of the Ambien.Thanks for reading.
I am almost through with my second month pills and I have to say that my acne has gotten worse. I normally have fairly clear skin with occasional small breakouts, but since the birth control my acne has gotten much more common and more large and painful as well. I 'm hoping that my body is still getting use to the hormones and will soon get back to normal. Also, my appetite has become a constant issue. My weight has stayed the same so far, but I am eating much more than I used to. Hoping that this is all just adjustments that will get better with time!
I was put on implanon a month ago and I was told that there might be some weight gain (like 5 pounds) or a chance of depression and irregular period for a while. Let me tell you something. They 're spot on with weight gain, personality changes, and irregular period. I usually have a heavy flow without cramps. Now, I can 't move without feeling like I have ebola. I 'm bleeding profusely. And worst of all, the blood smells 20x worse than usual. I 've gained 10 pounds, bled constantly, and my emotions are going haywire. If anyone says you won 't have a period, they 're right. Your vagina literally turns into a scene from Sweeney Todd. Feels like it too.
I had been on Modifinil for over a year when I noticed the effects reducing dramatically so my doctor switched me to Armodifinil and almost immediately after taking I felt very hostile and aggressive. I did not feel more refreshed or awake. I tried it for almost a week and the feeling of anger was still there so I quit taking it and am working with my doctors to find another solution.
Got the nexplanon 2 days after I had my daughter. Everything was cool I bled my whole 6 weeks then my period completely stopped until the first week of Feb I spotted for a few days(3).  Started gaining weight after and no matter how much I work out I cant lose the weight!! Lately ive started gettings headaches for 4-5days straight no matter what I take I continue to have a headache and increased appetite.  Really considering getting it took out.  The no period or pregnancy is the only great thing!
Up to 4 with each meal.  Center didn 't believe I was taking them cause my phosphorus levels didn 't go down.  Better than chewable, if they worked better.
I am 28 years old and a mother of 4. I had Mirena for over 2 years. Insertion wasn 't too bad. I had cramping for the first couple weeks, for the first 6-8 months I had regular periods around the end of each month. NO period at all for next 6-8months (which was a dream!). Spotted every once in a while after intercourse and if I went running which I felt was annoying, but manageable. Year 2- spotted all the time, irregular bleeding, cramping when I 'd lay down, woke up nauseous, from day 1 husband felt the IUD, but we managed. At end of year 2, bled for full 3 weeks, stopped bleeding for 1 week, bled 1 month. Went to the Doctor to find it was dislodged and the wire strings were knotted- she recommended I switch to the Nuva Ring- so far sex is more comfortable!
The first few weeks were not pleasant but soon after the Pristiq started to help regulate my mood, it made me less likely to be anxious angry or sad.  Basically it made me not really care...about much of anything.  It did help me leave a bad relationship which I believe was the source of much of my anxiety.  3-4 months in and I an now growing tired of feeling so &quot;blah&quot; all the time...I am planning to taper after the Thanksgiving holiday so hopefully I am back to normal around mid December.  I am not looking forward to the discontinuation symptoms - i.e. withdrawals.
Started taking sprintec specifically for birth control around 2 years ago. It was the first BC I 've ever been on and I had always had a very predictable cycle. I would have intense cramping on the first day of my period but if I caught it early it was easily controlled with ibuprofen. Over the 2 years I 've been on sprintec I have gotten more and more PMS symptoms. I get nausea as well as cramping, both stomach and back. The symptoms last longer and are more intense. The most concerning part to me is that I began having extreme anxiety and have now been diagnosed with OCD. I can 't say that the BC is the cause but I do wonder if it has been contributing. Use with caution and monitor yourself.
I 've recently suffered a relationship breakdown. My anxiety eventually spiralled out of control to the point I walked out of my job, life &amp; all &quot;responsibilities&quot; to return home like a child.  OCD negative thoughts, inability to go 2 days without crying, constant fear of anxiety returning, weight loss and inability to sleep / function basically LIVE!! I was SO scared of the horror stories but at rock bottom there 's nowhere but up right? I have been on 5mg for 4 days now. Taking it before bed. First night very nauseous, the next day feeling tired, teary &amp; &quot;distracted&quot;. However, I have noticed a general improvement in my mood after 4 days. A good day yesterday and terrible today. BUT! I 'm persevering. Thanks all for positive stories. :o)
2 days so far. No nausea. Feel a bit out of it. Not as angry. Hungry.
I have been on this medication for 5 days now, for a possible UTI my Doctor diagnosed. It makes me feel terrible, like depressed. On top of it, it gives me insomnia. I was trying to find out on these reviews if anybody experiences insomnia too.
Yes, the migraine went away. Its the side effects. Appetite immediately went down the drain, irritable, most of all itchy. Itchy all over like crawling skin. Even worse the itching focused on my manhood if ya catch the drift. Loosing my mind.... I don 't recommend it.
I to have suffered since 12 years old of bladder infections. I am now 45 yrs old. I was so hoping this would be my miracle but unfortunately it is not. I so hoped it would work but am back to bladder infections. It just makes life so difficult.I also suffer from irritable bowel syndrome.
Developed extreme pain in left leg radiating up to hip. Sinus problems and sleeplessness
I had my Mirena put in a year and a half ago. I have two kids but didn 't want to commit to getting my tubes tied so I decided to go with Mirena and at first it was great, my periods got lighter. Over time I noticed I put on about 5 lbs which wasn 't bad but then it was another 5 then another. Its been very gradual but for the life of me I just can 't lose it and I continue to gain weight. Other then the weight gain I 've started breaking out, not just on my face but on my chest and back. All in all I love not having a heavy period or having to take the pill everyday but I have decided to get it removed since I haven 't been able to counteract the side effects I 've had.
I 've been on Portia (the generic version) for about 6 months now. At the beginning everything was fine because this was a step up from my normal estrogen levels that my old birth control had. But after 6 months I 've seen great increase in weight gain and I 'm eating more healthy than I ever was and I exercise daily. I 'm so frustrated with this birth control and almost stopped taking it all together, but I 'm happy to say I 'm changing back to my old one and hope this weight gain goes down. I 'll never recommend Portia to anyone.
I was a body builder and personal trainer active in my career until I got a kidney removed due to a tumor and was diagnosed with hypothyroid at 65. My GP did not wanted to give Ambien, instead he prescribed some other medication for psychotic people and I stopped it. Another doctor gave the Ambien, which I have been taking, 5mg. However, lately is giving me headaches, I wake up a few times at night and can 't go back to sleep. Feel tired and disconnected. I need to stop and I am afraid of the process.
It does its job (I did not get pregnant while on the patch), but I 'm having the same issue as many - IT WON 'T STICK. Not only is this a huge waste of money, but it messes up my cycles and has me on and off hormones which is a TERRIBLE way to prevent pregnancy. It is a huge pain to get a back-up patch which they don 't often even give me. When my prescription expires, I will not use this again.
I take this along with Baclofen to try and calm the tone and muscle spasms. Since adding the Xanaflex my muscle spasms don 't last as long.  However they do still occur quite frequently.
I was on citalopram for eight months for depression and anxiety. Side-effects such as high fever and cough lasted for few weeks. After that I started to gain weight slowly and I had some swelling all over the body, especially on my inner thighs. I got bruises more easily than before just by pinching. It made me very tired so I had to take it in the evening.I couldn 't feel the anxiety and panic but I knew they were in the background but I couldn 't react to those feelings the way that I normally would. I couldn 't feel any pain, I 'd not get tired in exercise even though physically my body was exhausted but I just couldn 't feel it. It 's just a mental painkiller.
It been 4 days my father is taking it and we see no improvement although the doctor said it will take 2 weeks for it show some results but so far there are  no results lets see what happens.dizziness and  dry mouth are  caused by this drug.
Wish I had read these comments before starting this pill! I switched to it from LoLoestrin FE because I was bleeding every two weeks. And now I wish I hadn 't...literally 2 days in, I broke out with HORRIBLE deep, cystic acne. I 'm now about to finish my first pack and it hasn 't subsided in the slightest. Worse than puberty and all my teen years combined. I used to never wear any kind of foundation or facial makeup, now I can 't leave without it on because I 'm so embarrassed. I only gave 3 bars because it did help my period...no cramping and it came when it was supposed to.
So far it 's not working and no side effects
I had kyleena inserted about 5 weeks ago, and have been physically uncomfortable or in physical pain ever since. I&rsquo;m 19 and have not given birth or ever been pregnant, and I was told I have a retroverted uterus by my gynecologist before she inserted the kyleena. Insertion was horribly painful, and the rest of that day I was in EXCRUCIATING pain - think of the worst period cramps you&rsquo;ve ever had and multiply it by 70. I was sweating, crying, and literally screaming and groaning in pain. I have never felt such unrelenting physical pain like that before. I felt much better the next day, but after that I&rsquo;ve had intense period cramp-like pain almost every day since, causing me to double over while at school and work. So far I 'm not a fan.
Been on fluoxetine for five weeks. For the first month I had no side effects and  after the first two weeks I experienced a very slight improvement in my anxiety. In the last week I have had some negative side effects very similar to that of a fever; including sweating, sore throat, hard to breathe, trouble sleeping, dehydration, complete lack of appetite, dizziness, shaking and confusion. Possibly the worst side affect was the distorted vision - shakey with little perception of depth, slightly like being drunk. I hope that the side effects subside soon.
Took 2 pills on day 1 at 8pm. I didn 't fall asleep until after 4am, and woke up at 620am. Started to feel better after day 3, then all of my symptoms came back. The frequency of symptoms were less, but the severity was more. Still have 2 more days left. Only side effect is not being able to sleep.  Like at all.
I have severe symptoms and after 4 doses, Imodium AD has NOT worked for me.  Symptoms continue despite treatment with Imodium AD.
Didn 't work very well after 14 days/5 tablets a day...still raw and hurts a bit, particularly when certain foods are eaten
I had the implant placed a little over 1 month ago. After about a week I started breaking out with acne. I feel extremely irritable, emotional, and have extreme insomnia. I keep getting the chills but it 's been 80 degrees outside for weeks. I 'm a fit person, but I 've started having unexplained joint pain. I 'm so exhausted.. I was really hoping this birth control method was going to be the best choice for me. I never remembered to take the pill, I had frequent infections with the IUD because my body didn 't like the strings/foreign body in there. I 'm hoping these side effects will gradually lessen or go away because it 's really effecting my quality of life. I 'm going to try to give it a few more months..
I have partial seizures and take medication for that. The first 24 hours were frightening. I almost went to the emergency room.  After 3 days of tremors and high anxiety the pain was back. A week later I began having seizures day and night everyday. My hormones went crazy with hard swollen breasts and facial breakouts. My entire chin was covered in blisters and painful acne. After a month, I couldn 't function with the seizures and my veins were bulging and bright blue on my chest, neck and face. It has been so scary and the withdrawals are just as bad. I 've taken Soma and Lortab for chronic fibromyalgia for 8 years. I am disabled by the pain and very disappointed by all the medications I have tried.
I have been on Aviane for about a year and I have had a lot of breakthrough bleeding.  My period is not predictable like it is on most birth controls.  I just called my doctor to get put on something else.  I also got pretty bad headaches while on this birth control.
Worked effectively lo lower bp, but within a short time after starting the lisinopril, I developed the &quot;lisinopril cough,&quot; an irritating syndrome that results in hacking cough day, night, and in my sleep. Discontinued this medication due to that (highly known) side effect.
55 yr old female, chronic constipation my whole life. I have tried everything, OTC to Linzess which did nothing. I am thin, exercise, high fiber, flax, metamucil, probiotic, and nothing. I go 4-5 days then take 3 ducolax, magnesium citrate and pray. Now that doesn 't work. Colonoscopy ruled out anything &quot;serious&quot;. Prescribed 24mcg Amitiza. Ate breakfast took the pill and within an hour I was SO SICK. I had explosive diarrhea, felt faint, nauseous, cold chills and sweating. Laying on my bathroom floor going back and forth to the toilet, thought I would throw up too. But I went! I did not take it again because of the side effects. Doc gave me 8mcg. I 'm scared to take it. It 's awful that I would even think of taking it again just to go to the bathroom
I went on nexplanon after experiencing depression and crying spells while on numerous birth control pills. I was happy that nexplanon is very convenient because you don 't need to remember to take it each day like the pills. However, I have a history of cystic acne and went on accutane several years ago. Around the second month of being on nexplanon, I was breaking out on my shoulders and neck (which are areas that I haven 't broken out in for years). I also had a lot more breakouts on my face. I noticed that my skin was much more oily as well. I would not recommend this to anyone who has struggled with acne in the past or is currently struggling with it.
At first it was great my period stopped completely until it started and lasted for two weeks. I became emotional and even little bit crazy. I never really cried until I got on this birth control but then I found myself crying at everything &amp; I lost my tempor very easily. Then I began to have horrible chest pains, mainly at night, that would keep me awake and it felt like heart burn but much worse. Then I began experiencing very bad anxiety along with depression.Ive had very bad headaches constantly along with feeling like I was pregnant all the time. Then within 5 months I lost complete interest in sex... Like 0. I even felt disgusted with the idea of sex. I do not recommend this birth control at all it 's awful &amp; I can 't wait to get it out
I had the Mirena inserted after the birth of my 2nd child. I have had the Mirena for 3 1/2 years now and at first it was fine, very light periods and eventually no periods at all. My husband did complain a few times about the strings during intercourse but that 's about it. However for about the last year and a 1/2 I have had crazy side effects off and on: weight loss (not complaining about that) anxiety, depression, no sex drive, nausea, sore breast, bloating, stomach pain, cystic acne. You name it I 've got it. I have 2 boys (3 &amp; 4) and they stay active but now I just have no energy. I know everyone reacts differently to birth control but I honestly believe that these side effect come with time so just keep an eye on your behavior changes.
I started Loestrin 24 2.5 months ago. My period which is normally 7 days long, was reduced to 2 to 4 days and it was very light but my acne got so much worse! I broke out everywhere, I got extremely moody, I cried about everything. All together it was good for lightening my period but I could not take the acne and the moodiness so I went off of it.
I just started Sprintec a month ago because my birth control that i have been taking for 2 years stated to get to expensive. In the middle of my pack I started noticing a change in my appetite right away. I felt like every time I ate something I would have to throw up even if it was a cookie.  Not to mention the cramps I would get during my period.  On the Positive side it does prevent pregnancy so I guess its not that bad.
I didn 't really notice any improvements, my mood was just as inconsistent and my anxiety just as prevalent, and I experienced many of the symptoms (notably the inability to sleep, and sometimes very strong nausea for an hour or two after taking the tablet, among others). I tried it twice but both times it had the same effect.
I have taken paxil on and off for roughly 17 years. I thought it was helping and that the anxiety, moodiness and feeling a bit zoned out was normal and hormones. But 10 months ago I changed to Zoloft due to a pregnancy and I feel like a new person. My husband was the first to notice it! My stress levels have decreased hugely and I 'm much calmer and life is much easier.
I got the Implanon in April 2010. I wasn 't numb enough so it really hurt. The first 2 months or so were okay. No negative changes, very light spotting for a couple of days a month. Around month 3, I started gaining weight, became very moody, and stopped being interested in sex. It got worse and worse, and after gaining 30 pounds and becoming completely frigid, I had it removed at month 7. This was 2 months ago, and I still have not lost any weight, and my sex drive hasn 't increased much. The ONLY good thing about this method is that once it 's in, you don 't have to remember anything for 3 years.
Prescription 100 mg twice a day for sinus infection - after taking  2nd dose-severe head pressure ie migraine w/sensitivity to light ie TV &amp; LED bulb. I thought I 'm really sick &amp; went to bed. In the morning headache gone but now had both of my hands especially my middle and ring fingers from tip of finger to 1st knuckle closest to nail cuticle had feeling of asleep or burnt- tingling, inflamed, itchy or even burnt. I took another one then thought somethings not right here like possible allergic reaction...contacted Dr who directed not to take anymore and changed the antibiotic to a zee pack. Also contacted pharmacist to flag my record of this allergic reaction. its 3 days off doxy (did not start z pack yet) still some tingling present.
I used it for about two weeks and it didn 't really help my allergies but it made me sick to my stomach and it felt like I had to throw up. I stopped taking it and I 'm back to normal
I got this birth control in May of 2015. The first four months on this birth control I didn 't have any problems. In October of 2015 is when the whole bleeding on and off dilemma began. I started bleeding after I had sex with my husband days later. I also gained weight and have horrible depression. It prevented pregnancy that 's the only benefit. I 'm angry that I ever even recommend this birth control to people I know. My advice would be to stay away from this implant.
I was given this medicine to help with sleep. I 'm supposed to take one 50mg tab at bedtime, which I was doing. The doctor told me that it would make me groggy for a day or two. The first night I slept for two hours, woke up for two hours, then slept 14 straight hours. I assumed I slept that way since it had been a while since I had more than 3 hours of sleep a night. The next  dose I slept off and on the whole night and following day. I couldn 't function with this medicine. I kept taking it for a week and a half thinking my body just needed to adjust, it never did. The night I stopped taking it I slept four hours, but I was able to stay awake and function the following day
I was put on this med while in the hospital. I started having breathing issues ( thought I had bronchitis) and rapid weight gain. I went to refill the med after the first month and the pharmacist noticed that the Invega had bad interactions with one of my other meds and refused to fill it. I 'm stepping down and the breathing issues are lessening but i 'm still having problems with the weight. The days I take it, I am insatisably hungry. It made me feel better mentally but the rest was rubbish.
I had Mirena inserted due to heavy menstral flow. I 've had it only 5 weeks and have noticed a great decrease in my energy level, increased moodiness, and I have gained approx 7 lbs. It has however decreased my bleeding greatly, but I am unsure if the side effects are worth it.
Eased diabetic nerve pain somewhat but caused &quot;jerking motion&quot; so severe that I could not feed myself.  This was with only one month 's use.  Discontinued use and jerking getting much better.
I got mirena in on Monday 6-22-2015 and it 's thursday now and these cramps on my left side are killing me . I think I made the wrong choice by getting this. It hurt so bad when they were putting it in . the day I got it I had to take so much meds just to sleep so I wouldn 't hurt. I think I 'm gonna have it removed because I can 't keep calling off of work.
I have been in this medication or nearly 12 months. I 'm taking it 600mg three times and day and am only 24! I have facial pain and it only works about 5%
I never had acne issues when I was a teenager, but I 'm 43 now and I 'm having hormonal acne on my chin and behind my ears along the hairline.  I was prescribed Spironolactone because I was taking Minocycline and my doc wanted me to get me off it because of the side effects.  Well now my acne has gotten worse after taking Spironolactone for 2 months.  I 've read a lot reviews were people have stated its taken about 4 months before they saw any improvement.  I 'm hoping that will happen for me! Just curious if anyone my age is going through the same thing as I am?  The bright side is my insurance covers this medication, so I haven 't had to pay a penny for it since I started using it.
I was given Sarafem to help with moodiness and rage during a few weeks out of the month. I took it for 2 days and cannot get off the couch. I am so drowsy. I took a low dosage.
Stating taking Viibryd for severe OCD sexual thoughts.  After 6 weeks of being on 40mg did not notice much of a difference for my intrusive thoughts.  Good thing was no sexual side effects like I had with Lexapro.  Going back to my doctor to try my third SSRI...maybe Zoloft, Prozac, or Paxil this time.
I was placed on levofloxacin 500 mg for 10 days. I have terrible side effects from the medicine: insomnia, headache, dizzy spells. Worst of all I do not see my symptoms improving. I am on day 5 of the medicine, I hope it works soon.
Eased diabetic nerve pain somewhat but caused &quot;jerking motion&quot; so severe that I could not feed myself.  This was with only one month 's use.  Discontinued use and jerking getting much better.
I was prescribed this for my 6 yr old daughter to help her sleep. I 've only been using it a couple of nights but it doesn 't seem to be working. I am giving her the 3x5ml dose and giving her it at 6pm and up to now she is still not going to sleep before 11pm. Am I not giving her enough or not giving it enough time to work? Advice greatly appreciated! Thanks
I was prescribed Nucynta 100mg IR and 150mg ER.  I have been taking Oxycodone 10mg and tramadol for break through pain.  I was on Percocet but developed resistance, and then my PM doctor added the Nucynta. Nucynta is EXCELLENT as it took most of my pain away. Bad part of it is that the Nucynta made me nauseous, gave me headaches and made me feel wired.  I also experienced palpitations and anxiety. Nucynta worked really well, its just the side effects outweighed the pain relief.  Anyone else have the same reactions?
It works.. but my period was all over the place for 3 years. I would have 3 day periods, then spotting, then back on heavy for a day then back off for a week then started all over again. Some months I 'll have my period for 5 days, others 2 weeks. By the time the bleeding &amp; brown spotting stop it 's time for another cycle. This birth control was pointless for the most part because I couldn 't have sex. My appetite was through the roof. And after my 3 year mark I had my period for a full MONTH, with very few spotting days in between. I 'm sure it 's because my body it 's getting back on track. But I 've had a period more on this BC then I did with out it. I 've gotten pregnant on the mirena, &amp; I didn 't like this one. I think done with BC for a while
First one worked fine, no periods and no pregnancys! 2nd one fitted!!! OMG I felt like I was losing it! I eventually worked out that my anxiety was linked to it! Had it taken out and ended up having 12 months of counselling. Always been a bit of a worrier but the mirena sent it to a whole new level!! Never again. I now know of 2 other people who experienced similar issues.
I messed up my back about 3 months ago and it got so bad that I could hardly walk. My doctor put me on Norco for the pain, but it didn 't really help, and flexeril to help me get to sleep without hurting so bad, but instead of helping me get to sleep, it literally kept me up. There were nights that I would lay in bed from 11:30pm until 5:00am and just could not get to sleep. My back stopped me from doing a lot of things I would normally do for over two months, but the pain finally ended about 2 weeks ago.
Taking Lyrica for spinal cord injury. Started with 75 mg daily. Seem to stop the severe burning in my feet but I have memory problems with blurred vision. Dr. has upped the meds to 150 mg 2X daily not sure how I 'm going to react to that.   I 'll report back in a week or two if I have a brain left
Helps the panic disorder.  But I  havent slept  in 3 days. Is this medication a stimulate? ?????
I started Fetzima 4 months ago.  My blood pressure went up dramatically to the point that now I am on blood pressure medication.  I am also irritable now.  I see my doctor in one week and I will tell him to change it.  I 've never had a blood pressure side effect from medication before.  My blood pressure was also normal.
I have been on Levothyroxine for 2 months and was switched to Synthroid for another 2 months.  I know it hasn 't been long but it is driving my body crazy.  Here 's how:  The Levothyroxine made my hands and feet swell badly so my doctor suggested switching to brand Synthroid well now my face and jaws are swelling.   I went to the emergency room they did a CT Scan and said it was swelling in my tissue. But my doctor is insisting the medicine is not the cause and to stay on it.  
One month after being on Levothyroxine (only 25mcg), my hair started to fall out like crazy. (did not have hair loss problem before). I lost 40% of my hair volume in the 4 month-period. I took my courage to stop taking it.  2 days after stopping, my hair loss has gradually subsided.  3 weeks after I stopped the medicine, my hair loss has started to go back to normal. I am hoping my hair to grow back.  Another side effect I suggest from the medicine is that I have &quot;burning &amp; dry mouth&quot;.  That made me very uncomfortable.  I feel like a normal person without the medicine.  I still have issues with the dry mouth sensation, but a lot better. I hope it will go away.
Took Yaz for PMDD and helped my symptoms related to my PMDD.  But, please BE AWARE: I ended up with a deep vein thrombosis (DVT) and pulmonary embolism (PE). I am a 38 year old woman who is very athletic and extremely healthy...it 's not just a warning for &quot; smokers&quot;!
I was prescribed this drug in my early teen years and it worked wonders at first. Not, at 20 years old it doesn 't work AT ALL. I will sometimes have to take 2 pills at night and I will still wake up 3 hours later. I guess I built up a tolerance but I will be switching medicines. Plus I would find myself in the kitchen eating every night, and one had a blender out about to make margaritas.... This is definitely not a long term drug.
Well, this was a last resort for my PMDD, which is pretty much destroying my life. I was VERY nervous about taking it - not interested in hair loss, weight gain etc. But I gave it a chance. 3 days in, developed a cluster of hives on left hand, and one on right hand. Extremely itchy. Absolutely no other changes in my products/lifestyle/food/etc.. So I know it 's Yaz. Also all over burning/itchiness. Sun &amp; showers make it worse. On day 4, realized I felt less..calm.. more anxious. Also finding it difficult to sleep. Doc claimed  'unlikely Yaz causing this '. Yeah, right. Told me to take Zyrtec for symptoms. Nope. This isn 't working for me.
I am 23 years old and had been using the pill for 5 years. I decided to try the Nuva Ring out because I was not religious about taking the pill at the same time everyday. After using the ring for 3 months, I am extremely melancholy, sensitive, constantly trying to break up with my boyfriend, always crying, and my back hurts. My boyfriend says it 's &quot;clock work&quot; with when my period is about to hit because I always argue with him about something ridiculous. I am looking to switch to the patch because the user reviews are a lot better.The ring is useful because you remove it every 3 weeks. You get your period 2 days after you remove the ring, so there are no &quot;surprises&quot;. If it slips out during sex, you just rinse it off afterward and put it in.
I found that the pain relief was short lived and I gained 20lbs within a month..which made me more depressed.
My child has been taking this for a few months now. We tried Concerta and after only the second dose he was having severe tics. Focalin has less side effects but his behavior is WORSE when he misses a dose than it ever was before he started taking this medicine. 
I took Levaquin 750mg for 3 days and two days later I still feel light headed, nauseated, chills, can&rsquo;t concentrate, no energy.  Overall horrible.  
The bad reviews are true! I 've been on this for over three months now and I hate it. My boobs swelled up one full size and are CONSTANTLY tender and sore. I gained about five pounds, and I really feel like it increases bloating and abdominal discomfort because that 's what I get immediately after I take my pill. I 've also developed a daily headache that starts in the afternoon and lasts until that night. Annoying and probably dangerous. I 've grown to hate taking this pill. My anxiety and depression were already bad but this pill just zaps all my energy and motivation and puts me in extremely bad moods that affect my relationships. I 'm going to ask to be switched to a low dose pill or go back to Paragard.
2 or 4 mg doesn 't seem to do much of anything for me. Maybe I need a higher dosage!
This drug will knock you out for sure, but it has some really crazy side effects that I didn 't think would actually happen to me, mainly doing stuff that I don 't remember at all -- one night I made an extremely hefty online purchase and had no recollection of it. I also &quot;drunk text&quot; on Ambien, or otherwise say things verbally to people that I don 't remember. This has happened a number of times and actually caused a lot of problems in my last relationship. I 've woken up literally covered in food. It also worsened my depression. Not a great experience.
I thought that lo lo would be a good choice of birth-control for me but I regret taking it. I had really bad migraines, nausea, leg cramps! stomach pains, painful acne and  even though my boobs got bigger, they were  sore for 2 weeks almost 3! Last issue I had with this BC was sex drive.. I think that some people would consider this a good thing but  not for me - it increased my sex drive  and for me I don 't need it right now so it was not a  bonus lol. Period  cramping also  got worse for me 
When I started otezla, I was having moderate arthritis affects. Right away I had head and neck pain. Throughout the 4 months I was on it, I lost 10 lbs, no appetite, nausea, bad flu flares, sometimes rapid heartbeat and no discernable relief. At 4 month mark I experienced a massive spasming of my scalp and neck muscles. As in tetany. You need your neck to sit up, lay down, walk, drive..I couldn 't do anything. I like to think my pain threshold is high, but this brought me to my knees. I 've been on more Prednisone with otezla then ever before..just to counteract all the flares, tendon pain. I 'm off otezla now for 4 days, and still cannot move my neck properly. I hope with time it goes away. No benefits, lots of aggravation. Not a good med for
Using Epiduo and oral antibiotics for 3 weeks now. No change on my acne. Made my skin burn first few days but not now.. Have to use moisturizer now and my neck is also dry. I have large spots as well as loads of tiny white ones.. Mainly on my cheeks going towards my chin and on my neck. I will stick to it for 12weeks now. I hope it works. I am 26 and have had severe acne for about 6 yrs now.
I 'm only giving lolo a 4/10 because it 's &quot;low hormone&quot; and I feel ok about taking it but oh my god my experience has been terrible. My doctor ended up giving me a years supply do to certain circumstances so I figured I had to just keep taking it and hope it gets better but ever since I started its just been the worst. I 've been on it for about 7 to 8 months now and I still get 4-5 days of break through bleeding in between actual period days. Pretty sure it 's made me gain a fair bit of weight, I 'm the heaviest I 've ever been. I 'm constantly nauseous, there are times more often now where I have no appetite, everything I eat hurts my stomach and will cause diarrhea. Im going off of it because I can 't remember the last time I actually felt OK.
I have been taking Avapro for more years than I care to remember.  It did not do the trick in lowering my blood pressure alone so a diuretic was added to the mix.  I get so tired I can hardly stand to stay awake. I am so lazy, I don 't feel like doing anything and I don 't even care.   I started researching and found this site, perhaps this tiredness is from Avapro.  I will talk to my doctor.
Well I&rsquo;m on Nexapalon currently and it has been a long road.  I 've been on it for almost 3 years now. I&rsquo;m surely thinking about getting off due to constant pain &amp; constant weight gain. I don&rsquo;t feel like myself &amp; ever since I got on it my whole mood &amp; everything has changed . I LOVE not having a menstrual cycle but the pain is just UNBEARABLE
I just took mine out. I had irregular periods, always bled after or during sex, and I just genuinely feel like it really was messing with my whole reproductive system! No sex drive either, as in I could never have sex again while on this drug and I 'd be fine.
I got Influenza A from my son. It was to late for him to take Tamiflu, but his doctor prescribed it for me in case I came down with the flu. I took it with in the first 48 hrs. of beginning symptoms. I had little stomach upset and lose stool, but not to bad. I don 't know that it did anything to help me. The only difference between me and my son was my fever stayed lower than his did. I was still just as sick and for the same period of days. The pharmacy info. on Tamiflu says it doesn 't always help everyone. :(
It worked very well, but it caused excessive drowsiness and also made me gain a lot of weight in a short period of time.  I took it for almost a year before I switched to something else.
Very bad side effects:nausea, vomiting, dizziness, odd dreams.Ended up x 2 in the ER because of this drug.
Made my sex drive super low, very bad acne and I was always irritable and emotional.  
Have used the other two which didn 't work on me so thought I 'd try this one.My Doctor gave me the 20mg dose.I took one on the Friday and it didn 't work.Tried again on Saturday on empty stomach still nothing so an hour later took another and still nothing but indigestion
I got the nexplanon against my better judgment. I just don 't feel like having a mini surgery for birth control is worth it and niether do I feel like having small scars on your arm is worth it as well. I had the nexplanon for about six months and I immediatly started having crazy heavy periods not only were they heavy as a wind storm they would come and go in the same month. I had brought so many pads it was ridiculous. I gained a bunch of weight, I started having pregnancy side effects and that is what made me take the stick out. I was so scared I thought I might be pregnant and  I feared for my baby. I hurried and got it taken out. I won 't use anymore birth control I 'm concerned about health side effects in the long run.
Worked quickly -taste disgusting.  There must be a better way to prep for a colonoscopy.  OsmoPrep pills were great but can 't get them any longer.
Please see my earlier post for my concerns.I stated that I would be talking to my DR. about the side effects and he now has taken me off this med. and just has me on just the FloMax med.He insisted that it might take a couple of months for my side effects to completely go away. I hope they go away sooner than that! Will keep you posted.
I don 't think that it is helping my body my legs feel weaker everyday and I  have been feeling lightheaded. And my doctor will not listen to me, she says they are working . She will get an ear full in the next two weeks if she will not listen I will have to find another doctor.
I 've been taking this for about 2 years now when my gyno switched me from Junel. I noticed irritability and mood swings when I first started but thought I got over it after a while. Short periods and effective. However, I just stopped taking it last week and I noticed, I 'm assuming after my hormones have started to regulate again that my irritability and anxiety is little to none. When taking the pill pretty anything could irritate me and after about a week of being off the pill even I noticed a drastic change in my behavior. I feel much more level headed. I 've also always had very clear skin but not since I started taking this so hopefully it will go away soon. I have also noticed decreased appetite since stopping.
This birth control is only good for one thing, and that 's keeping me from bearing a child. I 've gained 40 lbs, and my skin was perfectly clear until the 6 months of constant spotting were over. This birth control had more cons than pros and I 'm over it. I 'm getting it removed next month, have the appt and everything. Oral contraceptives have never done me wrong, so I 'm going back to those. Do not get this implant.
Doxycycline made me extrememely ill with constant head pains. I was not able to sleep because of the inability to lay my head down.
I have been using the Nuva-ring for about 5 years. I used the Nuva-Ring because I would forget to take the pill. At first things were awesome because I would insert it in and leave it in for 3 weeks. Well over time my moods got weirder and weirder. I 'm starting new birth control next month. I 'm tired of having bad moods and being sick all the time. I 'm not saying I don 't recommend it but I know it 's not for me anymore.
Awful. Wore the patch for less than 24 hrsafter general anesthesia. I woke up in the middle of the night with my neck and the left side of my face swollen. When I pulled the patch off I started throwing up. I now get motion sickness in the car.   It 's a week later and my neck is still swollen and I still have motion sickness ( which  I never had before). Its very painful. I should have taken the patch off sooner. I am 5-2&quot; and 130lbs. It might have been too strong.
I just started taking Effexor last week for depression, anxiety and racing thoughts. Seems to be working, but I noticed some side effects, like dry mouth and nervousness, but not a big issue. It works much better than Zoloft, Celexa and Serzone, which I 've taken in the past. So far, so good.
Made me vomit up to three times a day on random days .. Up to the third month. Gave me horrible nightmares every night not one missed starting last month. Love working out don 't have energy to do it anymore. Sleep way too much 13 hours or more a day with naps. Depression before I went to sleep sometime I would cry my eyeballs out. Did not gain weight on it and I have the most amazing skin you can think of  and period for only two days. Let 's weight this out here, NO Can 't do it. Switching to mini pills!
Horrifying. The onset for Relief is 2 to 3 hours. Then it runs out of pain relief within 5 to 6 hours! If they are trying to hit the abusers make drug and alcohol treatment accessible!!! And the cost is  3 X 's More than oxycontin...?!?!? Go figure....
Absolutely hate the packaging. Vagifem 's was so much better. I need scissors to cut the applicators apart, versus just tearing with Vagifem. Two times in 2 weeks the tablets were found stuck to my slippers or pj bottoms because they fell out. What a crappy packaging method and applicator issue that would be so easy for them to correct! As far as effectiveness goes, I see no difference between this drug and Vagifem, but I still wish I could use Vagifem - too expensive though.
I found this medicine remapril caused me excessive itching so much that I ended up with sores on my backside. I also found I was unable to leave my home because of the frequent accidents I was having. Diahorria. I stopped taking the tablet and all is well again. I was surprised by my Doctors reaction when I asked for an alternative tablet. He told me it was alright to stop and didn 't offer any alternative. This is puzzling after having read why the tablet was prescribed in the first place
Got the implant in October 2015 and just had it removed July 2016. Gained a total of 45 pounds. Also had acne, mood swings, irritability, no energy, and extremely tired. Irregular periods and prolonged periods as well. No wonder this is birth control - who wants to have sex? Couldn 't wait to have this out! Will NEVER get it again and will not recommend it to anyone else either.
Why can 't they go back to the old method of making Armour Thyroid? I 've tried the synthetic meds before. I don 't feel like myself and had msny issues with side effects. Even a mix of two different ones trying to get my t3 right. Tsh levels always good or played games of too high or too low until the t3 was studied. Yes I 've had more issued with sleeping, insomnia, irritability, focus, weight loss, hair loss, and for the first time in my life I had a migraine over a year ago and now needing to take daily meds for them. Does anyone know of another company even out of the US where we could buy the old formula from.use of pig glands certainly can 't be expensive.just another company filling thier pockets while given a lesser product, we suffer
After my second pregnancy I had Liletta put in. I chose Liletta over Paragard this time because I 've always been a heavy bleeder with heavy cramps so when the doctor told me this would help both of those that was another plus and so I went with Liletta. I got it put in Oct. 9th, almost a month after giving birth, which was also the last day of what seemed to be a regular period for me so I was happy to be done bleeding. Well I had it inserted which was surprisingly less painful than when I had Paragard almost 5 years put it. I haven 't had any abdominal cramps but my back pain is excruciating! And I HAVE NOT STOPPED BLEEDING! If I bleed till end of December, I will have it removed!
I got my liletta on Sept 25th 2017 (a little over 2 months ago) while I was on my period. I have a pretty high pain tolerance but it was pretty painful. I have no kids &amp; my dr. struggled with placing it so it took longer than normal(25 mins). The first week I had cramps, now I have them occasionally. I&rsquo;ve been spotting ever since I got it inserted and I can&rsquo;t wait for the spotting to stop. I&rsquo;m really thin about 95lbs &amp; have always had irregular periods. I haven&rsquo;t noticed any body changes except a loss of appetite, I&rsquo;m just not hungry anymore and nothing sounds good. My boyfriend hasn&rsquo;t noticed the strings either. I found out I had BV 2 weeks ago and took antibiotics and now that is gone but still bleeding.
Started working about 2 weeks after starting it, at which time I also experienced a significant hair loss. The first two weeks of taking it there was an increase in my anxiety. It worked great for about 2 months until my panic attacks came back. I have stayed on it for over 2 years now for fear of rebound/withdrawal effects, but I don 't feel it helps anymore. I continue to experience periods of significant hair loss. 36 year old female. Luckily I have extremely thick hair.
I 've had Mirena in for a little over 5 months and I don 't like it at all. In terms of a birth control it 's great! But I have gained 25 pounds, have stomach pain all the time and take something for it everyday. I feel and look bloated and I have barely any sex drive and when I do most of the time sex hurts. 
I don 't think Paxil ever worked for me and it always made me feel really bad but I think my social anxiety was a lot better but I feel much better now without Paxil and I 'm on Zeldox and Lamictal but I 'm getting pretty bad anxiety so I 'm trying to find a good medication for anxiety and especially social anxiety because it makes me feel really bad at university. I was on Paxil, Risperdal, Lamictal and Zeldox before and I was always extremely tired and I think I 'm less tired now but I can 't remember how tired I was before and I was on Paxil when I was 13 and it also made me feel really bad and didn 't do anything for my depression and it didn 't help. I 'm 24 now.
I have been taking lioresal (baclofen) 10mg 3 x per day, for 3 days now. The side effects are immense! After 20 mins I lose all sense of balance, get a major headache, and need to urinate frequently (which is difficult when lack of balance screws up walking ability!) It knocks me out for hours. Side effects last approx 6 hrs. I have cut down to twice a day now because I can 't handle the side effects. Only positive is the pain eases (I have intercostal neuralgia) but not 100% pain relief- maybe 70%. I plan to visit the Dr and get off it asap.
I was prescribed Clarithromycin because I asked for an antibiotic which wouldn 't upset my stomach.  Well it didn 't do that, but by day 3 I was feeling sick most of the time and finding it hard to sleep.  I could have coped with that, but I also had the indescribable awful taste in my mouth which, although it doesn 't sound much, became unbearable.  Everything I ate tasted of it, and my breath and urine smelt of it.  It 's unfortunate, because the drug did seem to be working, but I had to go back to my doctor and ask to be prescribed something else.  I hope I never have to take this again.
So I 've previously used the depo shot which I thought was great.. no periods not too many changes in moods but to have to constantly remember to get it every few months is a drag. I tried the Mirena as well but I had constant bleeding for months and months with no end. I got it out after a year.. I was told many woman get the same effects with nexplanon as they do the depo so I tried it.  I AM MISERABLE.  I have irregular bleeding that lasts weeks sometime, I 've been feeling more depressed, sensitive, anxious and moody.  I 've been breaking out lately on my face. Does it 's job but I wouldn 't recommend..
Beyaz worked as far as making my menstrual cycle come at the same time but it made me moody, tired, and really depressed. I 'm happy to say I 'm switching over and hope my new birth control takes care of the skin breakouts Beyaz caused. 
Was on it a month did not sleep and moods were all over the place.
I recently switched off of this birth control after 10 months. I had no complaints for the first couple of months. My cup size increased from a 34B to a 36C. I am naturally prone to depression, so when I started to have suicidal ideation and deep depression I at first attributed it to my own mental state. After a few months, I finally realized that I consistently got my period in the week following the worst bouts of depression, leading me to believe that my birth control was at least partially responsible. I gained 20 pounds and experienced difficulty with motivation. I finally switched because I experienced two days of constant bleeding (&quot;spotting&quot;) two weeks into my cycle for five months in a row.
Went to the doctor with what I thought was a sinus infection - got diagnosed with flu and prescribed both a Z-pack and Tamiflu. My stomach tends to be sensitive, so my doctor warned me to eat before taking my medications and even took the extra step of writing me a script for Zofran (anti-nausea). I went home and had a good lunch of chicken soup and toast. I took my meds and fell asleep for about three hours. Then I woke up feeling really, really nauseous and proceeded to vomit for the next six hours. However, somewhere in there, my fever broke and I 'm feeling slightly better - I am hesitant to continue this course of medication, so I will be calling my doctor to seek further advice on whether or not to continue this treatment.
It worked well at first but then it started making me really manic.  Eventually it caused me to have panic attacks more so than off the medication.
Nexplanon was a mistake for me. It caused me nothing but issues such as 20 lb weight gain, depression, extreme hunger, month long periods (I was basically always on my period.) it helped my acne but that 's all. I had no sex drive and it was pretty useless due to the fact I was always on my period, preventing me from having sex.
I have been on risperidone for about a week. I started getting chest pain on the second day but didn 't think it was the medication until I was able to see a pattern between taking it and when they would occur. As of day 6 and 7 I am horribly hungry night and day. It also makes me sleepy during the day which is a pain since I have a young child. My inner anger, which was the main reason I was put on this has subsided though, so I 'm going to withstand these symptoms a bit longer and see what happens.
Honestly doesn 't do much for me. Still has big panic attacks. Still has bad anxiety.
I don 't feel burning but deep internal itching.. how can this be? The YI was nowhere near like this. It is very very very uncomfortable. Woke me up out of my sleep 2 hours after I inserted ovule. I should 've stuck with regular treatment. I thought something was wrong so I went back and read the instructions and saw where it mentions side effects. Should 've been in large writing in red. I 'm doing my best to bear it but I definitely would NOT recommend this to anyone other woman. It 's crazy!
Just started my 4th week on Contrave.  I have had no side effects except dry mouth.  HOWEVER, I have lost only one pound and am very discouraged.  My first week was terrible.....I swear Contrave increased my appetite, making me ravenous.  I am hoping for some kind of improvement now that I am on the max dose.
I have been taking this pill for a year, after my son was born they prescribed it to me because I was breastfeeding I lost a lot of my pregnancy weight, but within three to four months I gaming 10lbs back maybe even 20lbs. Horrible right. I didn 't have a period for 7 months. Now I get irregular periods,  light periods. My doctor sent me to get a ultrasound to see what else might have been causing the irregular periods. They found something on both ovaries so my doctor is switching me from Jolivette to something else. I 've had hair loss with this pill, weight gain and dramatic mood swings and out of control hot flashes. It 's horrible I feel like I am having early Menopause. Oh yea also made milk supply low
I only had the implanon inserted about 3 months ago but so far it has had it 's pro 's and con 's. I 'll start with the pro 's. It 's great not to have to worry about taking the pill or getting pregnant!! I haven 't put on any weight at all. I haven 't had depressed thoughts/anxiety even though I 've experienced this in my past. My sex drive is great.There is just one con which is quite a big one for me considering I 'm in a new relationship etc.  My skin has developed this awful acne. Really deep, painful spots that appear all over my chin and forehead. I got a few spots before but nothing like this. They are so so painful I 've had to go to my doctor and they 've prescribed me with 80 days worth of antibiotics and gel to hopefully help it.
I 've had the implant for just about 4 years now. During the first couple of months it was okay no spotting or anything, then out of no where I had gotten a period that lasted for 3 weeks straight. The periods would go away for maybe a day at most and come back for another three weeks. I 'm finally getting this implant out of my arm so I can have a normal life without constant bleeding.
I pulled a muscle in my back on a Saturday. The pain was intense. Sleepless nights because of the pain. I started taking paracetamol and ibuprofen which did help during the day time. But once you have a sleep waking up was painful.Saw a doctor today. Now Friday. They told me to get naproxen 500mg. Take 1 twice a day. Took one as soon as I got home. Seem to work. Put still had the pain. Slightly. Took 1 before bed time.  Only to awake in pain. I will continue using them as described by my GP but now using paracetamol to. Anti-inflammatory maybe but not a pain killer.
I am in my second week. Two pills a day morning and night. I have had periods of nausea. I 'm also not sure how much it is helping with cravings... I 'm still hungry often, when not nauseous!!! I am hoping that after I&rsquo;m up to the full dose and tolerating that I will notice results. I do not weigh myself, but rather know how I&rsquo;d like to feel in clothes.... certainly have a ways to go!
First I took propranolol, worked great but produced me some kind of depression so I tried pindolol (supposedly a beta-blocker suitable for cases of depression) didn 't cause me depression but it wasn 't but it did not cure my anxiety, I could say that it worsened.
Ladies!!!!!!! I just used this and I am actually dying. Crying and sitting on ice I am in so much pain. It 's been going on for about 20 minutes I 'm trying to fight it so I feel better like you are all saying happens ahhhh this is unbearable
I was prescribed Clonazepam on a situational basis, to help manage infrequent but severe anxiety attacks. Although I do find this drug does help to take the edge off in stressful situations like an interview or a crowded concert, the side effects and withdrawal symptoms are far too negative. While on it I feel drowsy and forgetful, and the next day and even up to two or three days later, I get depressed (more than I normally am) and cry A LOT. The last time I took it I had severe depression and even suicidal thoughts (which I never have really had before) for two full days after. That scared me enough to not want to ever take it again.. I highly recommend being careful and doing your research when it comes to Clonazepam.
I had to use this product not for a colonoscopy but just to clean out the system before starting new meds. The drink was horrible, the bloating was unreal, and it took forever to start working. I would definitely not use this again and go another route for a bowel prep.
On day 18 I take linzess 290 as prescribed every morning and still go days without a bm or when it does work, I have to go all day.  I also have a constant belly ache.  The doctor said it should even out after 3 to 4 weeks.  I won 't be able to find out as I can 't afford it as it costs over $300, and that is with the linzess coupon that claims you pay only $30! What a scam
Side effects were unbearable for my girlfriend so she stopped after only 1.5 days. She suffered from headaches, vomiting, achy all over, stomach pains, taste buds (bad taste). It seemed to help with the infection but at the end cycle of the dosage she was feeling much better. In 45 minutes after taking a pill it made her feel so sick again.
I have been having severe pain due to an infection in my cheek from my wisdoms. I went to the Emergency because it was on a weekend that I experienced this pain and was prescribed T3 's and Amoxicillin for the infection. After taking 2 T3 's and waiting an hour, the pain still seems to be throbbing. I don 't know if it works for different people or what, but I am for sure disappointed and frustrated
I decided in 06/08 after I had my 3rd child to do something more long term, so I chose Implanon. At the time of insertion I weighed 167, and now after 15 months. I have been stuck at 194. I also have have been bleeding for 15 months with an occasional 3-7 day break. I am constantly using tampons, and panty liners. My sex drive is awful, I don 't even think about it. The sex drive and the bleeding is putting a damper on my marriage, and has made my husband kranky. The last 3 weeks I haven 't bled. I 'm hoping I have either stopped for good, or its making me a little curious if I am pregnant. I go to the Doctor on the 15th and I am going to see what other options I have.
Celexa has helped to improve my mental status but the physical symptoms/side effects are another story. In the month I 've been taking it I 've had headaches, nausea/upset stomach, extreme fatigue, some insomnia, diminished appetite and more. I 'm going to see my doctor tomorrow to get off of this medication.
Not really sure this drug is really helping. So neutral for effectiveness.Have taken drug now for 4 months. Am starting to wean off of it due to all the negative side effects.I would caution anyone thinking of taking this medication.
This birth control has made me bleed everyday since I had it put in 2 years ago.  It feels while on this implant I have gained weight, gotten facial acne, my sex drive is low and suffering from episodes of depression.  I am much more tired due to getting stressed out much easier but it 's better than being pregnant. I don 't know if I 'll use this again.
This is effective in preventing pregnancies, but I 've had some other unpleasant side effects. I 've been on this for 9 months. During the first three, I would always break out real bad around the time of my period. Then for a couple months, the acne stopped, but other symptoms began popping up: Spotting, sometimes early period, extreme mood swings, weight gain (20lbs). The last two months, when my libido began to suffer, I decided to switch. NO sex drive. None. It 's killing me. Even if I want to have sex, which is rare anyway, my body says no. The end of this pack is it for me.
I am a male, diagnosed with rheumatoid arthritis and fibromyalgia. I was prescribed a number of medications, some of were Cymbalta, Naproxen, Tramadol, of which only Tramadol seems to take the edge off some of the overall body pain I have. Tramadol makes me very drowsy, but I rarely get a good nights sleep. I 'm at my wits end from this experience and don 't know what else to do. I try to exercise when I have the energy and feel ok when I do. But I have to rest, sometimes spending a whole day in bed, trying to recuperate. Its very hard to keep positive, but I try my best.
Well I 'm an 18 year old senior girl in high school. I had never really had acne until I was a junior(17) just the normal pimple here and there but it got really bad last year. I went to the dermatologist on Dec 9 2011, they put me on pills (antibiotics) Aczone and Altrain Gel. Its January 30 2012 and my face looks like very little has changed.
Ive been on this since i was 15 now 19, but at first I didnt experience any sympmtons except the daily discharge....but in the past year my mood swings are HORRIBLE, my period cramps have gotten worse, I feel very depressed and my sex drive is at an all time low! other than that it works good for not getting pregnant. I hate the way it is making me feel. I recently have stopped taking it in hopes that I will return to the normal me, and started bleeding four days after not taking it.
1st time I got it put in I bleed for 3weeks was about to get it taken out but the bleeding stopped with in 3 months I put on 15kgs I went to the gym regularly  (5 days a week) nothing was helping with losing the weight, I had it 1 year and had my period once. It worked I didn 't fall pregnant and my partner and I are really sexually active, everyone is different but me I put on 20kgs in that 12 months of having it in, I had it taken out and fell pregnant pretty much 3 months after :)
I 've been on the NuvaRing now for two years. As a birth control medicine and ease of use, I give it a 10, because I 've had no pregnancies and just set a reminder on my phone. I 'm giving it zero stars for my quality of life. It has caused dryness during sex so much that I 've developed vaginal fissures and the dryness has made my sex life with my husband non-existent. I also have no libido to speak of when before it was healthy. I 'm looking into getting the Paragard inserted because even if that gives me heavy periods at least I 'd get my vagina back.
This medication had me in severe hypersomnia, barely able to function at work, sleeping all day. Worked great for anxiety, but everything was numbed out. I 'm stopping this cold turkey. I tried 5mg, 10mg and 15mg.
Braintree Laboratories describes their product, SUPREP, as having a &ldquo;berry&rdquo; flavor. Not as well understood, is that I think it is the oft-maligned Satanberry. Satanberry is known for its noxious odor and, if unfortunate enough to be ingested, causes Krakatoa-like eruptions of sulfurous gas and violent, firehose-like evacuations of all internal solids and liquids. Poo foam? Yes, you will probably experience this rude shock too. Anus as red as a baboon&rsquo;s behind? You betcha. Aftershocks may occur the day after the actual colonoscopy. In my opinion, SUPREP is overkill for preparation of bowel cleansing. Go for the gentler Prepopik or MoviPrep, either of which I will again insist upon for my next cleansing prior to colonoscopy.
The pill worked great at preventing babies, but it did make me extremely tired all the time. Plus it made me super emotional, crying about the littlest of things to being angry about everything. It also made my skin break out really bad.
I gave it the benefit of the doubt after the first few times it stopped working. This last time, last night to be exact, I took one before going to bed. I woke up this morning like my nose was a faucet. This is the most frustrating medicine ever... and since it is 24hrs, now I have to suffer ALL DAY before I can take something else.
It made feel like I was drunk all the time the unsteadiness on my feet blurred vision. It also gave me hives. It made me eat constantly and I gained like 25 pounds during the 2 mths I was on it.  My lower legs and ankles swelled up and I couldn 't get the swelling to go down and I tried everything About a wk to 2 wks after quitting benicar 300mg the side effects started subsiding my lower legs and ankles took the longest to go down even my eating has gone back to normal but now I have 25 pounds to loose. I hope this helps anyone thinking about taking it. My mother also worked with a women that took it for about a month and it made her pass out at work one day and she quit taking it too. Hope this helps!!!
Makes me dizzy, unsteady on feet and sleepy. Little to no effect on lowering my blood pressure. Before I started taking meds my diastolic was 80 to  90  now it 's 100 and above.
Aleve helped with pain.Took 1 pilll after dinner but had bad side effects.Stomach pain really sharp, bloating, diarrhea, my intestines were making noises , runny bloody stools.Pain was unbearable.No more Aleve for me.
In the beginning I was on 300 mg of seroquel (not extended release) for 3 years. Got pregnant they took me off. I moved provinces they ended up putting me back on a smaller dose 150mg sleeping wise I would go to sleep right away and stay asleep all night. For the past 2 months they decided to put me on 150mg seroquel xl now it takes me hours to fall asleep and I wake up constantly throughout the night and have a hard time falling back asleep! I feel like xl does not work near as good depression wise and sleeping wise.
Was on Lexapro 20 for a while but after a bipolar NOS diagnosis, doctor wanted to remove Lexapro and go to Seroquel XR. Usually I sleep 7 hrs, after taking 50mg the first night I slept 13 hours and was barely awake after that. The next night on 100mg I slept 12 hours and was barely functioning throughout the day. I went back to 50 and then back to 100 again and repeatedly found that I was in a haze until the early afternoon. I noticed no positive results and stopped after a week. Will now try Abilify.  Also, I had rather intense dreams and nightmares.
I had Mirena inserted at age 21, no chidren, had preivously tried every birth control under the sun. Insertion was very painful, i nearly passed out. Severe cramping lasted for 2-3 days, I was not able to stand up straight due to pain. After that, I cramped for about a week and a half. Spotted for the first few months, but it was tolerable. Periods had all but completely stopped after 6months. Around 9 months iIstarted to see an increase in acne. After 1.5 years the acne turned into severe rosacea and cystic acne. I didn 't want to even leave the house - my skin was unbearably flaky and red. I was convinced it was the Mirena, though all doctors disagreed. I had it removed and a few days later the rosacea was almost completely gone.
I 'm 16 and I 've been taking minocyline for about 1 month now. I have mild acne on my face (forehead mostly) and I haven 't noticed a difference whatsoever, I am also getting severe acne all over my shoulders and chest and I never have gotten it there before. I also feel like I am burning up during the day. I would not recommend this if you do not have SEVERE acne, its just not worth it.
After surgery I was pronounced cancer free but still put in Aromasin. I found the side effects difficult especially insomnia. My schedule is busy and this plus muscle/joint pain is hard. I went off for several months during a vacation and felt far better. I returned to taking it and almost immediately the side effects returned. I have very mixed feelings about continuing. My health insurance covers it so thankfully expense is not an issue. I will probably continue as statistically the drug has proved valuable.
I got it in Jan 2008. No period for 3 months, then I bled for 2 months straight. After that, 2 periods a months for about 5 days each....EXHAUSTING! Tired, sad, depressed, no sex drive, weight gain, anger, aggressiveness, sweet tooth, but the worst - THE HORRIBLE mood swings! The best thing about it, it didn 't hurt when it went in, minimal tenderness after insertion, and I did not get pregnant! I seriously feel like I am going through the change of life at 28 years. I am having it removed in days. No clue as to prevent future birth control, but NO MORE HORMONES! Probably wont be an issue, hubby hates the new evil me!
After  being diagnosed with rheumatoid arthritis, the very painful debilitating type less than one year ago I called a rheumatologist. She told me I had every indication of rheumatoid arthritis  but I had to tell her one more thing I was HIV-positive. Now most of these medications immediately stated not to take it have an infection. Well what is a person to do I have HIV and that 's an infection.  She gave me time to hash it out and I thought OK I 'm going to try it. Of course it 's premeasured syringes refrigerated this is how mine was prepared for me. I  injected around the navel  Area of abdomen. No real pain and no sensitivity occurred. After being on it for six weeks I went for my laboratory results and my doctor called me early on a   Saturday morning and stop medication that has caused neutropenia, look it up very serious had to stop it. Now she wants me on it every other week since my blood work has come back normal again But very conflicted as to whether I should or not. Is there anyone else out there with the same condition I have I would love to hear from you thank you hope this helps.
I have been taking birth control for almost 2 years now and I have been changing my prescription very often. However, I have been on this pill since around August/September of 2016. My old pills helped with bloating, cramps, and flow and none of that changed when I started Junel fe. However for the past three months or so, I have had HORRIBLE mood swings, been feeling really depressed, I argue with my boyfriend and minutes later I don 't even know what I got mad at (which is not like me at all.)  I talked to a friend and she said this pill also made her feel crazy. My cramps are only bad the first day which is usually the second/third day that I take my placebo pills. I will be switching prescriptions within the next few weeks.
Personally the medicine worked well for chronic pleurisy pain (bad stabbing sensation in side with flu or pneumonia) but I had horrible side effects. Dazed constantly, hallucinations, cold sweats, nausea.
Have been on this for about 5 months. At first breasts got larger (about a cup size) and my period got lighter. No other side effects however recently I have been getting very nauseous  either a few hours later or the next morning even if i take pill with food. It 's to the point where I am unable to hold a conversation with someone because I feel lie I may throw up. However I do have a very sensitive stomach so it could be a combination of the two.
First brand of birth control ever, was feeling iffy about it from the start since the doctor said it was a &quot;very basic brand&quot; to start me off with. A week in and I was getting a headache after every pill, along with nausea, bloating, spotting, and just a general feeling of being constantly hungover. Fortunately I was taking it at night but it would mean I would be like a zombie for the rest of the time. I 'm only just finishing the first pack but I already called to get switched to another brand. Not a fan.
I had my Skyla inserted this morning and let me not scare anymore but understand it is the most simple procedure however you will feel 30 seconds of either extremely bad cramping or unbearable pain and then it 's over. Just stay calm and relaxed when the procedure it taking place because you don 't want to alter the location of the Skyla before all the tools can be removed from your vagina. The first day I have experienced cramps and tension in my lower stomach. I took ibuprofen 800mg before I went to the doctor to ease up the pain.
I started taking the medication and started having eye spasms to the point couldn 't see to write, text, or read and it got bad enough I couldn 't keep my eyes open. I stopped taking the medication and my symptoms went away. beware.
I 'm not sure about this birth control quite yet. I was on trinessa back in November or so and it worked fantastic for me, cleared up my acne, no nausea or any other side affects. Then I got really sick and had to  stop taking the pill for a month or two, and when I tried to get back on it I had continuous discharge for over 5 months so I decided to switch to the shot but didn 't like it, so here I am. When I started  I felt nauseous all the time, my boobs hurt, stomach pains and cramps, and worst of all my acne. I never used to get cystic acne, but now I get it all over my mouth, chin, forehead, and under my nose, I hate it I keep reading reviews, and it 's freaking me out. I 'm not sure if I should continue taking this or not for 2 or 3 month
My body rejected Mirena after a year, so my second option was Nexplanon. I loved that was inserted fast and without pain. No painful periods, just spotting every 2 or 3 months. The bad side: weight gain. This is driving me crazy! Since March 2015 I have gained almost 25 pounds!!!! I 'm 5 '1, I weighted 127 and was size 4. Now, October 2015, I weight 150 and I 'm size 10!!!! No matter how many diets or pills I tried, I keep gaining more weight. I love not having heavy period or worrying about getting pregnant, but this &quot;weight gaining&quot; is scaring me because seems non stop. Thinking about getting it remove, I think the perfect birth control doesn 't exist.
I have been taking Jolessa for a month and a half, and I have spotted the entire time. I would rather have my period once a month rather than dealing with light bleeding every day.
I 've been on Aleese for over a year and a half. Side effects hit me hard. (I 'm 21 years old) I had perfect skin my entire life (even through puberty) and after I commenced the pill the acne hit me like a ton of bricks. All forms of acne are on my face, and I 've been using dermatologist products and services and they said it 's a hormonal issue as to why the acne has gotten so horrible. The high androgen actually causes skin to get worse. So when people say birth control doesn 't cause acne they are WRONG, cause this birth control DOES CAUSE ACNE. Not only did I get acne, I gained 15 pounds, breasts got larger (only plus side), severe nausea the week before my period, and began suffering depression. It 's time to switch to another Birth Control
I got sick from it, diarrhea. I started having ear trouble and started hallucinating.
I Used to be on Trinessa, but my pharmacy switched me to Triprintec because they were no longer carrying Trinessa. At first, it was horrible. I had extreme depression and mood swings, migraines, nausea, fainted once, and it caused irregular heart beats. I 've been on it for 3 years now and the only symptoms I have are migraines and nausea. The nausea can be extreme some times. The only good thing I can say about the medication is that I have not been pregnant and have had no problems with acne. 
I got nexplanon 7/2/2014 and it is now 8/7/2015 . Let me say the good of this first (it 'll be very short) I 'm not pregnant and two I didn 't gain weight. Now for the cons : I have been bleeding ever since I got it and only stop 2-3 days every 2 months . I get irratiable VERY easily. It 's not spotting either it 's like a period that I am bleeding my doctor says give it a couple more months but I am tired of bleeding so much, so I think I am gonna have my doctor take it out and go on something else.
My seven year old son is on it and he is so emotional. One minute he is fine the next he is crying and can 't stop. As a mother this is very hard to deal with. I can 't help him and he asking why is he feeling this way. I am going to have to stop giving him the medicine.
has anyone heard of bladder cancer as a  result of taking Jardiance ? I am been treated for early stages of it
I have been on birth control for 9 years, using different brands throughout that time period. My doctor recently gave me Lo Loestrin Fe and I was on month 3 and I stopped taking it. I looked like I had gained 15 pounds 2 weeks out of the month from bloating so badly (when I got on the scale, I was lighter than I have been in months). I got bacterial vaginosis, TWICE while on this birth control and I have NEVER had that before! 
I honestly started taking this pill and loved it. I wasn 't getting any acne or weight gain; however 3 months into taking this pill my periods suddenly stopped. My periods stopped but I was still having cramps. It 's actually become very concerning.
I started taking sprintec to control my spotting between periods and obviously as birth control. Im on the last week (the blank pills) and ive already seen my doctor to switch to a new birth control.  Since being on it i bled all 3 weeks on the regular pills and had worse spotting than before. My back cramps were consistant while on them, and my face started breaking out so bad, ive even had a few zits on my back which i normally never get. My friend is on ortho tri cyclen low and ill be switching to that immediately after this pack!! My boobs have also been very swollen and ive lost all sex drive whatsoever.
I had the Mirena for almost 2 years. I got it thinking that my periods would stop and I wouldn 't have to worry about taking the pill everyday. Well my periods never stopped actually they lasted longer and were heavier. I experienced migraines every month and severe mood swings, and acne, I hardly ever had break outs before. I had it taken out and within a few days I had already felt better. I hope this helps other women make decisions about birth control easier.
I was on Tamoxifen for 3 years until I had to have a hysterectomy and then my doctor switched me to Anastrozole. I only have 3 more months to go and I am marking the days off on my calendar. I have gained 30 pounds, my grip strength is gone. My hands and feet tingle often during the day. My joints hurt all the time. I can 't begin to tell you how my lower back feels. If I sit for too long my joints get stiff and it 's hard for me to get going. I will stick it out.
Was sold this at my local GNC store...name on bottle is GABA 750 mg. Clerk recommended (when I mentioned that I have difficulty staying asleep) as a natural supplement to help my brain stay quiet at night. Worked for a couple weeks, then symptoms became worse than ever, so I stopped taking it.
I have been on Aleese for 8 years. This birth control is great for preventing pregnancy and regulating my menstrual cycle. It also helped my menstrual cycle be lighter. Unfortunately, this birth control does lower your sex drive. I went off it and my sex drive came back full force and plan to go off it permanently.
Have been on Dalisrep over 2 weeks now; could tell much improvement in my breathing. Didn 't need to use supplemental oxygen at all. However, yesterday, I couldn 't take the nausea, vomiting, tremors, leg aches, headaches, bathroom trips, any longer.  I tried taking the meds with and without food, didn 't seem to make any difference.  I 'm wondering how long the side effects last?  It seems some people don 't have side effects at all.  I am so disappointed that I won 't be able to continue this drug as I feel that it was helping me with my breathing.  But I can 't stand the side effects any longer.  I have lost 10 lbs in the 2 weeks, I have no appetite whatsoever, and I know that I need the nutrition as prednisone causes bone loss.
I just started taking this. I am now on week 4 and it is bitter sweet so far. My period has been abnormal (about 2 years without a period) and my doc prescribed this pill to me. It 's &quot;sweet&quot; because I got my period. Not too light and not too heavy. However, there are a lot of &quot;bitter&quot; sides. For 1 week, I felt  really nauseous. Also, I barely have acne on my face before, but after taking these pills I developed small acne all over. It looks like chicken pox all over my face. I will continue to try this for 2 more months. If the problems persist, I 'm going to ask doc to prescribe me something else.
Day 9 of Medication: Doctor told me all side effects and told me to hang with it for at least a week hoping side effects would decrease if I experienced any. Day 9 and I 'm just as nauseous as day 1. I eat a hefty breakfast every morning now as I thought the first few days my breakfast just wasn 't cutting it with the food intake but still feel sick to my stomach instantly after taking it-I wouldn 't say you will gain weight with this even if you eat more since after taking you don 't want to eat for the rest of the day. By dinner time I have to force my self to take 2nd pill as I know for the rest of the evening I will be sleepy and uncomfortable. some vivid dreams but nothing major. I feel the decrease of wanting to smoke but sick all the time
I 've been taking it since I was 10 or 11 when I had really bad anger, but after I read some reviews lately of the drug and seen that it does more harm than good I have decided to quit and see what I was like off it. So far I realized it made me super sensitive to light and made the world brighter than it really is.  Also now I realize I haven 't seen the real world for how many years knowing this makes me sad. Another side affect is suppressed emotions and now that I 'm off I 'm more happy and can feel emotions more and their not dulled. They made my memory bad like I could barely remember what I did yesterday and it was hazy. Made me lethargic and gave me a monster appetite, btw I found out I don 't have anger issues anymore.
I was amazed at how quickly Otezla worked on my Psoriasis &amp; Psoriatic Arthritis. I was ecstatic and I had absolutely no side effects.  Unfortunately, it was short lived and 5 months later Otezla stopped completely working for me.
The only reason I got on Lo Loestrine Fe is because my OBGYN said I have PCOS and it help removed the cysts, this is the first bc I 've been on in years. I took myself off  them because of the crazy cycles, but after having a recent miscarriage and PCOS I needed something to regulate my cycles and remove the cysts, so she prescribed me this. I 've been on this pill for two months now and I 'm at the end of my second package. The first month I bleed for 7 days one day longer then I usually do with a lot of cramping and clotting. I just chalked it up to the cysts being removed. This month I have extremely tender nipples which is actual normal for me I used to get when I was ovulating, but no cycle yet which worries me a lot. I like having one.
My doctor gave me samples. Went from Zoloft to Trintellix. Let 's just say, this has not been a good experience. I have a tough stomach but everytime I take this medicine I 'm to the point of vomiting. Tried taking it before bed, definitely not a good idea either. Up vomiting too. I did see a small boost in energy though.. but with all the sickness, I would have to say taking this is not worth it.
I 've had migraines for the last 10 years.  Replax is the 2nd prescription I 've tried.  Two hours after the 1st dose my migraine was no longer in the usual cluster location my entire brain was ready to explode.  As directed I took the 2nd dose.  After 8 hours I finally felt better in that I could function again.  24 hours later I 'm still &quot;foggy&quot;, sleepy and have had several rebound headaches.  I will not take this drug again.
On third day started having hoarseness and cough , on and off. Became so bad have discontinued use. It did seem to calm my intestinal pain significantly. Still having hoarseness even after stopping.
i only took it for one day and I could  barely orgasm when having sex
I switched to Byetta just over a week ago from novorapid insulin after some weight gain. From the start I have had some nausea but nothing I couldn 't handle and I can 't eat as much as I always seem full so I am starting to lose weight already so that is a positive. The negatives are that my levels are too high and this is causing my vision to be blurry and it is making it difficult for me to drive also in the morning I feel really lethargic which makes it difficult to concentrate at work. I have also noticed my skin feels dry especially my lips . I am due to go back to my specialist after 4 weeks but I am not sure if I will continue. I am currently on Byetta 5mcg morning and night and lantus 20 units plus metformin 1000 twice a day
This is a great medication to bring FBS and A1c down ,if number is all that matters. I started getting frequent yeast infections, Thrush and bladder infections. Polydipsia and polyuria were the other nuisance. Weight loss mainly was from diuresis. While I was on this, I was plagued with severe depression, never heard this anywhere else. Anyway after stopping the med, I am free of depression, life is worth living, my sugars are under control with insulin and diet.
It was okay. I didn 't get pregnant, though my sex drive was extremely low. I had break through bleeding almost the whole time, which didn 't help the sex drive. When I got off it, my husband said I seemed more happy and acted more my age (mid 20s). Apparently it affected my mood greatly and I hadn 't noticed. 
I  have PCOS and worked for years on diet and exercise to regulate my period. But never was able to get to regular to where I could predict it. For about nine months prior I was taking metformin to help and I lost about 16 pounds with it. So My gyn recommended taking birth control to help regulate my cycle.  My period became regular to between 22-24 day cycle.  However I had intense bloating and crazy food cravings, that I have never had before.  My mood swings changed to the point where some months I would be really depressed and down.  Around the 3 or 4 month of being on the pill I started having severe break through bleeding that lasted between cycles and eventually did go away. Once that stopped I was experiencing severe indigestion.
It was the first kidney stone I had. Can 't say it really helped. I was only supposed to take 2 weeks worth. I was pretty sure I passed stone but doc wanted me to take full dose. Halfway through 2nd week, I wet the bed. I stopped taking them then.
I 've been on birth control for 10 years on several different products. I 've been on Tri-Sprintec not even two months and its awful. I 've never had spotting in my life but I have it now, my mood swings are awful, almost cost me my relationship, and the stomach pains are too much to deal with. I switched because it was cheaper.
took my first tablet this morning and then headed off to work, worst day of my life, I couldn 't concentrate, my whole body hurt I was dry heaving all day felt as if I needed to throw up but couldn 't ... I hope this is all worth it i really do :((
ok i bought a 3 day treatment and tonight will be the 3rd and I feel like I 'm on drugs...the itching going away and everything but I feel very hormonal and not myself......a little nauseous and mild headaches
Had moderate acne for 10 years and tried just about everything: BP, topical/oral antibiotics, retinoids, spirono, birth control, etc. and my skin was very oily to top it off, making my acne practically undefeatable. Last year I developed horrible cystic acne on my chin and my derm urged me towards accutane. Well I can tell you it 's caused the worst breakout ever on my cheeks: painful, blistering nodules connected deep under my skin. I got prescribed prednisone and azithromycin for that, but it didn 't help. I have to take benzaclin now and my face has never been this dry, painful, and red. I 'm going into my 4th month with horrible skin and things are looking bleak. The only good thing that 's happened so far is that my blackheads are gone.
I am 18 years old and haven 't had this for more than a month but I WOULD NEVER RECOMMEND THIS TO ANYONE!!! It works in the sense that you wont get pregnant but the pain I have from this every day is NOT worth it, I 'd much rather take the pill. The procedure was short but the pain from it was the worst thing I have ever gone through not to mention I was dizzy for the rest of the day after. I also suffer from severe cramps almost every day since then. Also it could make you completely lose your fertility and cause serious issues. If I could go back I would have never had it put in. I plan on having it removed very soon. Worst decision ever!!!
When I first started using the ring I had absolutely horrible anxiety for about 2 weeks. It faded with time. I didn 't have any other major side effects other than it made my face explode with hormonal acne. I had very mild acne and it got worse every month that I used the ring. I had to stop taking it for that reason. I switched to Beyaz and I have zero side effects and my acne is 80% better after a week.
I had a heart attack at 48 in May of this year, got 5 metal barrier stents and was placed on Effient. I am now dealing w/ excessive female menstrual bleeding to the point I was on the CCU floor for 3 days and came a hair from having to get a blood transfusion. For a young female still menstruating I do not recommend this drug, unfortunately there does not seem to be any studies in regards to cases like mine. I have since been taken off due to the female complications.
2 weeks in I 've got the worst breakout I 've had in years.  Also nausea and stomach pains.  I prefer Ortho Tri-Lo -- didn 't have any of these side effects on that one.
My 17 year old daughter started taking Depakote 750 mg 1 1/2 months ago. She has gained 28 pounds. When the dose was upped to 1500mg she had daily migraines. We have seen several improvements in her symptoms but not enough to keep her on a medication that makes her gain weight and decreases her self esteem.
I have been taking this medication for a little over 6 years and was started off on the 60mg dosage. In the beginning it worked great. I 'm now on 90mg sometimes 160mg of Cymbalta, and I feel anxious all the time and also extreme fatigue. 
I was given tylenol #3, initially, for a severe injury, it had no effect on the pain. I revisited the issue with my doctor and was put on tylenol #4. At supposedly double the narcotic in the tablet, I was shocked at how little the pain reliever accomplished. However, a cough I 'd had with a cold was lessened...not useful in the purpose of pain relief. I decided to be frank with my doctor and ask why I was being given such low dose/ineffective pain relief for something as serious as my injury, especially given that I have no history of drug abuse...fear of the DEA was the answer I finally received after pushing past much circular logic dissuasion from my doctor. The DEA is the reason my pain is not being managed. This is a travesty.
I 've left an experience description on this site, on July 1, 2016. On the plus side, I 'm still calm, socially acceptable, void of psychosis, anger, am kinder and gentler. But I 've and continue to do so, developed anxiety. It is accompanied by a strong depression. The quality of my life has taken a turn for the worse for the last two months or so. And it is constantly getting worse.Today I took half a tablet of Clonazepam, as suggested and prescribed by my psychiatrist for exactly this reason. Anxiety, panic. And it helped!! But I resent to have to take a pill for such deeply disturbing and serious a side effect. Especially one such pill that is potentially extremely habit-forming, tolerance-developing, and dependence-training.
Really don 't help any pain  from my fibromyalgia for me but do put me to sleep. If I 'm sleeping then I 'm not hurting I guess.
The gel helps with the pain but my stomach was a little upset, I got a mild headache and I felt very drowsy and out of it. Yes I know it 's the gel but I still had side effects. I only rubbed in a small amount. I can 't swear by it but I think it also caused me to have several anxiety attacks which I think are related to the woozy out of it feeling. It says it makes you dizzy on the box.
Helped me fall asleep, but I didn 't stay asleep so it had no real impact in helping my pain.
On Forteo for 7 weeks now.  Saw a Rheumologist who did a bone density  told me that I was at high risk especially for wrist fracture due to low bone density. Said my spine looked ok. Said I needed Forteo for 2 years the osteoporosis was so bad.  Since starting Forteo I feel extreme fatigue all the time.  Also feel muscle weakness, can 't  keep up with my light exercise routine.  Also have had multiple aches and pains in my joints and long bones of arms and legs. Feel deep in the bone, not  muscle.  Pain seems to migrate from one bone or joint to the other since starting Forteo.  Redness, and bruising at injection site. Worst symptom fatigue. May have to stop Forteo
I used this medication during the last school year, but it didn 't help me much. My grades were still failing and I had no appetite. I was also very depressed. I have been off it for a while now, and my grades have significantly improved compared to what they were.
This is a good drug for those who don 't have a lot of pain, for me it is way to weak to stop the pulsating pain in my lower back, and my left leg. I have had these pains since 1987, but didn 't start taking pain medication before 2000, when I couldn 't stand the pain anymore. A lot of doctors says tramadol is a wonder drug- yes maybe it is, but not for those who are in real pain. As for me the best way to get control of my pain is sadly the old codeine based drugs.
I found it to have horrible side effects that caused me to have to take several other meds to deal with the side effects i.e. Jaw pain, nerve pain in legs , site pain, migraines , dizziness, nausea , confusion and  depression. I did find my chronic cough was almost completely gone and I was starting to be able to walk further . I stopped after 1 month because the side effects were unbearable
Post op from full hystorectomy due to cancer and I developed a massive bacterial lung infection. Lowered immunities from cancer naturally meant I was placed on mega dose antibiotics, and suffered a minor internal yeast infection from it. Was given the three day generic script (store brand top care). Fine upon cream insertion, didn 't suffer from external pain or itching so no need to apply the external cream. Laid down, seepage of the cream started to occur and then massive itching ensued. Itching was helped by removing what seepage I could get rid of, but not gone completely. Never had this issue with the monostat three day brand treatment. Will NEVER use this generic again.
I had this is for 3 and a half years the first time , for the first year and a half my weight was fairly ok but after that the pounds started to add on I took it out and started on the injection and the weight fell off me (2 and a half stone) ..after being on that over 2 years I decided to go back on the bar thinking long term protection and hopefully the side effects won 't be the same, I now have it in nearly 2 years and it 's happened again I gained 2 stone again so I 'm now getting it out next month even tho Its still valid for another year and I would never ever get it in again or recommend it to anyone ..even tho the protection is very good the side effects are horrendous
I 've been on this drug for the past three years. Originally started at the smallest dose and eventually ended up at the highest dose of 300 (and something) within the first year and a half of being on it. It had reached a stage where my psychiatrist was discussing adding another drug to the mix to make the Venlafaxine work better. Before I could start the other drug as well, I fell pregnant and went cold turkey. I was persuaded to go back onto Venlafaxine and 8 months later I 've shot up from the lowest to the highest dosage. It 's not a case of becoming immune to the drug. For those who experienced great results that tethered out, you 're not crazy. Venlafaxine has a tendency to plateau. It 's not you, it 's the drug.
I started Tri-Sprintec a month ago, not by choice but because that was the only thing the health department had in their inventory.  The nurse told me it was exactly the same as the other pills. I could definitely tell a difference in myself though just after starting them! My emotions were out of control and I kept going into deep depression mode! My appetite was pretty much gone too so I wasn 't eating. A good tip is to keep a journal once you start a new pill so you can keep track of break downs, mood swings and how often they 're happening. I had a break down at work, crying in front of my boss and everything.  I decided to stop the pill and since then I 've felt great. 
I changed to this birth control at the advice of my gyn to try to treat my menstrual migraine headaches after being on tri-sprintec for almost 10 years. It did what birth control is supposed to do;prevented pregnancy and regulated my period but the side effects were AWFUL! I gained over 20 pounds in less than 6 months, had really really bad mood swings, and the medicine caused me to have bad headaches and migraines at least once a week. Even with dieting and exercise the weight isn 't coming off and it 's so frustrating. I never had these problems in my 10 years prior on birth control. It has gotten to the point now that I  have discontinued the medication because of the side effects. I hope others have better luck than I did!
I have been on Paxil for 10 years now.  I maxed out on the dosage at 60mg/day.  It served me well and improved my anxiety symptoms. Having gotten married 2 months ago, and anticipating getting pregnant, I began to wean myself off.  I went from 60mg/day to 40, then to 20, then 10, and now 5mg/day.  Each time I started to feel better and adjusted to the lower dose, I lowered it again.  The withdrawals have been awful.  I have been so sick for the last several weeks.  Nauseous, dizzy, insomnia, &quot;zaps&quot;, no appetite, no energy.  Now at 5mg/day, I feel better.  The withdrawals are now quite tolerable.  My next step is 2.5mg/day, then done.
Helped anxiety but major weight gain.
I was taking Januvia, but my insurance will no longer cover it so I was then switched to Trajenta. I take 5mg Trajenta with Metformin daily. My blood sugar is not as low or stable as it was with the Januvia and I am having very bad muscle and joint pain, severe headaches, back pain and weakness. I never had these symptoms previously so it must be the Trajenta. I never associated the problems to this medication until I read an article on it. I will be contacting my doctor regarding this medication.
I had this thing put in a year ago, and I am getting it out asap.  I fell depressed all the time, dont want to socialize, or have sex.  it pokes my husband and I feel pain when I do certain sexual positions.  I have hair growing from all parts of my body.dont get me wrong its great not to worry about getting pregnant for 5 years, but what the point of having it in and getting all these weird symptoms.  I have enough kids and I think getting my tubes tied.Got luck to other users who dont have a problem, as for me its a goner!!!
Took this when my tolterodine (Detrol) didn 't seem to work very well. Did not work at all. Went back to toterodine, researching something better.
I 've been dealing with fatigue for yrs now and even if I 'll sleep early I will still feel tired. Then I went back to school and I 've been noticing that I just can 't focus into what I 'm studying and there 's just too many darn freaking thoughts in my head and I will day dream or zone out at time in the mid of studying. I will jump from doing one thing jn my life to another just coz I feel exited about it. I like excitement so much that I keep loosing track of things! I asked my friend to give me two capsules to try n see what it will do to me and God it just feels like it opened up a new world of having organized thoughts and focus. I took 10mg went to doc got me an rx and now I 'll see how to feel normal. if I had known... missed allot of yrs
Took 4 days for diarrhea to stop but side effects were terrible nausea, upset stomach, insomnia, dizziness. Didn 't have the bad taste just finished the last pill thankfully wouldn 't want to take it again.
I am a 17 y/o boy and have suffered from sweaty armpits for 11 months now. My doctor prescribed me Hypercare and I cannot say it worked as well for me as it did everyone else. For starters, I could not for the life of me get the bottle to work. It has a poorly designed top/dispenser and had to resort to dipping it on cotton balls and then applying. When I did use it, the first night was no biggy. But the second night I applied it, about 10 minutes into bed, my armpits became EXTREMELY itchy, enough to the point where I scratched and scratched and said enough and wiped off the solution with a towel. I have never been able to use it more than one night in a row. I couldn 't even apply deodorant the following day due to the itching.
I took Avonez for 3 1/2 years.  I experienced the flu-like reaction about 70% of the time.  I fell frequently and was extremely depressed.  I did the injections in late afternoon (Friday) and was down for 24 -48 hours.  My recent MRI showed more MS activity.  I am now trying a different medication.
I am new to having to use insulin, and I hate injections. While this lantus works well to control my blood sugar, twice now, the pen has lock up with 30 units of insulin remaining. Forcing me to open a new pen and inject myself a second time to complete the prescribed dosage, this along with the loss now of 60 units of medication is very annoying.
Made me blurry, drowsy and cognitive dulling. Short trial only (two weeks) then stopped due to side effects.
Have taken Multaq 10 months. Still have about 14 missed beats a minute. Some weakness.
This was the foulest tasting prep I 've ever tried. I didn 't experience the cough syrup taste; to me it was very bitter. I chilled it &amp; used a straw. Mixed the first dose with apple juice which didn 't help at all. I didn 't know about the lemon wedges, but chasing each sip with diet Mountain Dew helped a great deal. Not very good results after the first dose but did with the second. Have had queasiness &amp; mild headache &amp; some cramping, but not any worse side effects.
Made me feel dizzy and confused.It also seemed to affect my vision, it was almost as if I was high off weed.
I am very sensitive to sunlight. In sunlight I cannot see anything.My problem is improving but sometimes in sunlight vision is difficult and i also have headaches
From using this pill for a year I can say my opinion is firmly that Orsythia is not for me. The pharmacy/insurance switched Lutera to Orsythia and I just went along with it, despite the negative reviews. This past year has been a completely different me, my sex drive was fine, bad cramps only once and then other time from the white week sticker falling off and accidentally missing some pills. But my mood swings became so frequent and awful. I experienced depression and suicidal thoughts and am glad to have switched out of this birth control. I understand everyone 's experience is different, but please don 't be afraid to switch out of this birth control. Or keep a mood diary if you experience unusual moods.
I was put on this medication to help with pain associated with endometriosis. I have suffered with it for years. When I first started it, I had break through bleeding, extremely sore breasts and mood swings. Eventually after a couple months, my body adjusted and the breast tenderness subsided pretty much and I no longer had irregular bleeding. I was instructed to take this medicine for 3 months continuously and have a period only once every 3 months. I also suffer with migraines so my doctor put me on topomax 50 mg to help prevent them. The medicines interacted each other and I bled so heavily and had labor like cramps. I stopped topomax and my body still hasn 't regulated.
I got my nexplanon in april of 2016. Insertion was fine. When my next period was suppose to come...it lasted till September. Non stop. No Pms, but tons of ruined underwear and pants. Ive gained about 20lb and my acne has flared up. Since the insertion, ive had horrible pains in my ovaries that doctors cant explain. Bleeding has stopped, but severe cramps persist. In the end... I guess id rather deal with this then getting pregnant, but i dont think id hesitate if i had the option to get it out.
Couldn 't sleep for days; I felt less pain but I began doing things that were not safe or rational. It also raised my blood pressure to dangerous level.
Today is my 9th day on this medication, the first day I had no symptoms as the days went by it got worse very nauseous everyday after that, I am extremely tired and have a metal taste in my mouth all day that makes me even more sick to my stomach, I recommend chewing gum, some cramping and black stool. I hope this medicine takes care of the problem. Taking breathing test in a month, fingers crossed.
It has not lowered my A1C. My glucose levels stay in the 120-140 range. I have had increased sweats, and i am 66  yrs. old, increased hunger and weight gain, nervousness.
I have been taking tri previfem for over a year now, and have suffered from an emotional breakdown once a month, sometimes more often, since a couple months after I began taking it.  This is not typical of me at all, and I have been very scared and confused by my extreme emotions.  Today I came to this page and read the reviews and was startled to see that so many people were experiencing the same thing as me.  I am going to stop taking it immediately. Not worth it :(
In response to Rick.  I started Humira had good results. Then needed to come off it because I injured tendons in my foot.  When I restarted Humira, I have not achieved the same results. My joints are red, swelled, and remain in a lot of pain.
I have been on this birth control for about three months and have decided to stop taking the pill. I have had major mood swings while taking this pill. As well as being nausea and just not feeling well. The pill is effective as a birth control. But the side effects were not worth having
I 'm diabetic and it 's uncontrollable since taking Xarelto. I 'm sure Afib symptoms are gone now so I can 't imagine a downside. I 'm seeing my neurologist this week to remove me from the medication. I live in Thailand where Xarelto is cheap without insurance.
I have been on Zoloft for almost 4 years with the exception of pregnancy and it seems to do just fine, but after having my daughter life got ridiculous. After moving around 6 different times in 4 1/2 months it stopped helping, so a few weeks ago my doctor put me on Viibryd. The first 2 weeks I had diarrhea then severe nausea and now finishing my first week of 40mg I 'm having the craziest dreams and when I don 't dream I feel unconscious and no where near rested while still having nausea. I really hope it gets better.
Started out good, then headaches then sleep problems. After that muscle spasms, also weakness, although I started feeling better to start with as far as my mood and depression.
It makes my skin really dry as well as my hair. My acne has become a real problem and I haven 't even been on it for a whole year. I don 't have any problems with my period because I don 't get one. I have little energy to get anything done during the day
Itchy, itchy! I 've found opioids analgesics are the best for my chronic pain.  Roxicodone caused pruritis for me. That might not seem like a big deal. However, when dealing with pain that 's been constant for years, a side effect like non stop itching is one more thing that magnifies the pain. Then there 's pain, itching, and more loss of sleep.There were a couple of remedies. The doctor rxing a different medicine. Or taking an antihistamine to overcome the itching. In today 's current anti-opioid environment, doctors seem more likely to throw up their hands, and say, &quot;Well I guess you 're just not a good candidate for opioids!&quot; Which just isn 't true. Switching worked like a charm for me.
Went to the hospital during an asthma attack. I was only on albuterol, and it was not working during this episode. Long story short I got prescribed Singular. Made me feel very sleepy at first. I could barely get my College work done. After about two months I became very depressed from being so tired, and then became extremely thirsty. I drank two bottles of water every hour and could feel my lungs becoming irritated. I was drinking so much water I was getting nauseous. I then went to my MD and he told me to stop taking it. After three days my thirst went away. After about two weeks I felt myself again. Singular is now listed on my doctors chart under &quot;Medicine allergies&quot;.
I have been on Arimidex since December.  I am experiencing locked up hands in the a.m. with pain; weakened grips and discomfort using the computer for my job.    Also,at times low back and sciatica pain.  I am considering changing medication.
My doctor put me on this hoping it would help a chronic cough that I have had for the past four months. While I think it is helping, the side effects are just too strong for me. I take the medication at night since it makes me tired but the sleepiness lasts all day. However I am not getting much sleep because I keep having strange dreams that wake me up all night long. On top of that, I have started to have anxiety. 
Not a huge fan. Had it inserted about 7 months ago and I 'm STILL bleeding. Made me extremely moody for a few months as my body was getting used to it. I bleed every time I have sex and I find sex painful.
So i have tried prozac for depression to major depression disorder a little bit of obsessive compulsive disorder and post traumatic disorder.Firstly it made me more anxious and agitated about a month later me and my dr upped the dose to 40mg.Nothing,unfortunately happened,probably wasn 't the right drug for me,i have switched to lexapro now and it is too soon to give opinion on it as ive only been for 3 weeks.In conclusion this drug (Prozac) wasn 't effective for me.Only about 3/10 i would say.
I 've been taking this medication for under 6months now and I have gained 10lbs while taking this drug. I don 't feel like I have increased energy than before like some other people described. I feel more irritable &amp; anxious at times, still can 't sleep at night. I get the dry mouth side effects and occasional constipation.  I 'm taking 300mg XL once a day. I am getting more depressed with gaining weight on this drug! I was taking Lexapro before &amp; didn 't find it help me feeling less depressed &amp; experience  alot of nightmare or weird dreams while taking Lexapro!
I 'm a college student and its 930 am and I 'm supposed to be in class, but because of the intense burning and itching after using this product I cannot bear to get up and go. Literally in bed trying not to cry. I 've had yeast infections before and I don 't ever remember having this kind of reaction to medicine! Going to the walk in clinic soon as I can stand to drive to figure out what to do next because I can 't afford a day off from school and work!
I have used Copaxone off and on for about 5 years.  I don 't like the injection sight reactions but they are small compared to some of the other treatments I have used.  I was on Tysabri and it was great.  I felt normal as before MS for about 2 weeks every month and 2 weeks waiting for the next infusion.  Due to Liver problems my Doctor recommended I go back on Copaxone but with injections every other day.  I have done this for 2 years and no relapse.
took gianvi for about two years and felt it made me too emotional and not myself, but my skin was glowing. So I stopped taking it thinking my skin would be fine. After four ish months my skin was so gross and bumpy i told my geino i wanted new birth control for acne and she prescribed me tri sprintec. The pharmacy has given me tri prefivin and now tri nessa (bc theyre generics) this is my fourth month and my cystic acne has gotten worse. One day i forgot to take my pill and woke up the next morning with like 6 new cystic pimples on my forehead. I also have little bumps still on my face that are like little white heads especially all over my chin its terrible and looks dreadful in the sun. my chest and back are cleared but face is not.
Wish I read the reviews before taking Errin. I have been on Errin for 15 months and stopped taking it a week ago due to severe migraines, weight gain, moodiness and decreased interest in things that I usually enjoy. My sex drive has decreased and I have little or no interest in my husband. I could not figure out why I was so upset over small things and he even asked me to look into alternative methods of birth control. PLEASE do your research. It 's not for everyone.
I took 1 and several hours later I ended up with the most horrible diarrhea and vomiting I 've ever had. I will never use this product again.
I just recently started taking Gianvi for about a week now and I already feel some of the side effects. I 'm in and out of sleep and feel nauseous in the mornings. I got my first headache and have little cramps in my lower abdomen. I don 't really have a lot of bad things to say about Gianvi since I just started a week ago but I 'm hoping these side effects will go away soon. 
I have been on this pill for almost a month now. I don 't really like it that much because of the side effects ive been having. Its also the first time that i have ever been on birth control. Im hoping that it will get better.
You can 't take with GERD
After having migraines for about a year and trying Effexor which made me vomit, this medicine worked miracles for preventing my migraines. However, it made me extremely depressed and even suicidal. I had to get off and switch to Topamax.
Med change epilum to latuda over 8 weeks.. Ok, the change started off great, I 'd been in bipolar depression for almost a year, after 2 days on latuda I was activated and over the moon happy, ok far far too happy.  First day was like ecstasy.  2 months past and everything was fine, I 'd come out of depression.. but the honeymoon took an abrupt ending when side effects / made it the most undesirable experience. Intense anxiety. dread, panic, restless legs, fear, suicidal thoughts (never had those before, ever)  back to the doc, changed dosage and combinations a couple of times under his supervision but it didn 't work. Went completely off it and back to my long time friends seroquel xr &amp; epilum..
My internist has been trying me on various diabetes medications, alone and in combination, over the past 12 plus years to lower my blood sugar levels. For a long time the situation was ultimately with a combination of Januvia 100mg, Glimipiride twice per day, and Metformin 2 500mg tablets twice per day.  Initially the combination gave me diarrhea but I also discovered I was lactose intolerant and eventually the problem went away. But gradually within the past few years my 1AC levels slowly started climbing, at one point to 7.8. About 6 months ago he added Trulicity.5 mg ramped up to 1.5mg. Did not improve blood sugar. Did lower weight.Stopped Trulicity. Just started Invokana. Scared of the risks. Am dehydrated and have yeast infection.
The doctor prescribed me this last week because my hormones were every where .Therefore, I had my period most of the time and a lot of acne as a result of taking this * the nausea everyday has gotten worst*** it has help me a lot with my acne I won 't lie but trust just the feeling oh wanted to throw up everyday want to make me just quit
I posted a few weeks back , and was doing great on the contrave, a few things started happening and I seriously thought something was wrong with me.. after getting up to the full dose of 4 a day, I started experiencing a lot of things that were not common side effects, Back pain, severe abdominal pain, severe sleepiness, I could not hold my eyes open after sleeping 8 hours , then very frequent and uncomfortable urinating, after researching the products more these were all rare side effect and I was experiencing them all, I had to come off, I hurt all the time and all I wanted to do was sleep.. was weird is I had no nausea the other common side effects, it works different on different people..  just going to have to lose on my own...
People are talking about not feeling hungry, well I am starving! Especially, in the early morning and night. I started the medication April 4th, and I have lost no weight. I ended up in the emergency room with a blood pressure of 162/108 and my pulse was over 100 resting! I 've never had BP problems before. Also, my anxiety has gotten really bad. I feel like I 'm always in a dream, I 'm tired all of the time, and sometimes forget where I am and what I am doing. I am currently in week 3, I take 2 pills in the morning and 1 in the evening. The positive side Is that it did help me quit smoking. I had no desire whatsoever to smoke! After reading other reviews and seeing other people having these same side effects I won 't be taking the medicine.
I have had no side effects whatsoever. It never sped my heart up or gave me jitters at all. I have lost about 3 lbs but I 've only been on it a week. I would probably have lost more I have had to only do the stationary bike and swimming due to a sore hip. I will review again later
I was on this for about 4 years. I decided to finally get off because my mood swings were getting worse. This pill caused me to become severely depressed and developed extreme social anxiety. It was effective as a birth control but the side effects aren 't worth it. I 've been off it for a few months and feel so much better! Not depressed anymore and anxiety is finally getting better. Be mindful of your moods of you do decide to try this.
I was hoping this would be a better long term sleep therapy than Ambien (Belsomra studies reported that was the case), so I gave it a try.  I took 15mg at the same time I would have taken my Ambien.  It certainly didn 't work as well as Ambien when it came to falling asleep... it took 30-40 minutes before becoming sleepy enough to fall asleep.  Though I slept pretty well for about 8 hrs, and would have otherwise rated this medication an overall &quot;5&quot;, I awoke with the worst anxiety that I have ever experienced. I felt like climbing the walls!  It was so physically uncomfortable that I had to just get up and bag the idea of sleeping in on a Saturday morning.  Three hrs after waking, the anxiety subsided enough that I was able to sit and relax.
I just started using these eyedrops. My allergies are not as bad this time of year, so I can 't be sure if it is helping much. The side effect of the bad after taste is more than &quot;mild&quot; in my case.
I was on this pill for a month and a half over that time I lost what feels like half the thickness of my hair, clumps falling out everyday. I decided to stop the pill to see if it was the true cause and 4 days later my hair stopped falling out. I would not recommend this pill to anyone
Diovan HCT worked well for me for almost three years, good blood pressure numbers, no side effects. However, I started getting fairly severe side effects (nervousness, anxiety, insomnia) that appeared over a period of about a month and disappeared the moment I stopped taking it. A Google search turned up several people had similar experiences.  Now on Bystolic, which is doing the trick, so far without any side effects.
I have been on Levothyroxine for 2 months and was switched to Synthroid for another 2 months.  I know it hasn 't been long but it is driving my body crazy.  Here 's how:  The Levothyroxine made my hands and feet swell badly so my doctor suggested switching to brand Synthroid well now my face and jaws are swelling.   I went to the emergency room they did a CT Scan and said it was swelling in my tissue. But my doctor is insisting the medicine is not the cause and to stay on it.  
Took the 4 capsules by mouth at once and within 40 minutes I am having CHRONIC stomach pain, EXTREME nausea and 2 trips within 15 minutes to the toilet with diarrhea. I rarely ever feel side effects to any medication I%u2019ve ever taken and this hurts like the dickens. I have yet to actually throw up but I am using all the power in me not to so I can make sure the medication stays in my system to cure the infection. If this does cure the infection like it should then it%u2019ll be worth it. This is the most miserable I%u2019ve ever felt, and if I throw up I hop, hop here comes bathroom trip number 3.
Have a persistent urinary tract infection and took this medication about four weeks ago.  The urinary tract infection came back so a second go-around.  This time after one pill I had a hefty case of hives and a very sore tongue and headache for about two days.
First and foremost I have been taking Gabapentin 100mg daily and it knocked about 75% of my symptoms out. The bad started after 5 months. Massive instant mood changes, feelings of wanting to hurt others for no reason were the worst. I had people tell me I was 2 diff people minutes apart. Needles and pins, burning slowly returning. Going back to dr to change it or somehow just deal with the pain. I 'm a passive person and I was becoming a monster. I will live in pain instead of being a saint one minute then a monster minutes later. Love the relief but not the side effects.
My doctor has put me on Imuran for about three weeks now and I am starting to feel some side effects such as weakness, body aches and breakouts all over my body.  So far not so good with the treatment.  I will be calling my doctor for sure.
I switched to this pill from Necon 1/35 to try and improve my acne in addition to birth control. I tried it for 2 months.Side effects I noticed: tired and it felt hard to get out of bed (very unlike me!), faint tension headaches across my forehead, acne breakouts on my chest and face, ravenously hungry at times, and then no appetite (haven 't gained any weight, may have lost a pound or two), slightly sore but much larger breasts, decreased sex drive but not as low as while on Necon 1/35.I have decided to try a new pill because of these side effects. This pill was meant to help my acne but it seems to have made it worse, and feeling tired all the time with headaches isn 't tolerable for me since I am very active.
I am 45 2 kids had mirena put in January for ease of birth control and was recommended by dr. I have had no hormonal issues. however I have light bleeding almost every day (use 1-2 panty liners a day) since insertion. went back at 3 month dr told me body needs time to adjust. I 'm trying to be patient but am about at wits end. had mirena put in so I could have safe sex--now don 't have sex cause of constant bleeding. I 'm gonna try to wait till 6 months and see if it lets up but not sure I can make it that long--hate to think I wasted 1/2 year on something that isn 't working for me. if not I 'm having it taken out. was on bc pills most of adult life and never had issue. any body else experience this and did it ever get better?
I had this put in on July, 28, 2015 and things have been bad since. This box isn 't even big enough to explain it all. I felt great for maybe a week or two then bled constantly until yesterday. Then, instead of bearable pain, I now have it pretty bad with nausea. My sex drive is gone and sex is anywhere from uncomfortable to painful. No pain at the insertion site and that went well. My partner has ejaculated inside of me twice and no babies, but it 's not worth it. I 'm worried about resistance with removing it, but can 't take it it 's so bad. I 'll move to another method once this is cleared out of my system and we 'll see where it goes.
Well this is my first time having scabies. I have them on my face and really bad on my hands. I got the permethrin cream 5% it got rid of the scabies on my face and severely dried my skin out. I have not had any relief or improvement on my hands as of yet,i been putting the cream on my hands a few times a day but it does not seem to be working well at all.
Started this pill and took it at night right before bed, woke up every morning with terrible morning sickness, dizziness, and awful headaches.
It 's my third day taking this medicine I started spotting but it quickly stopped I really don 't understand how this is suppose to work but I hope it does.
This was the first bc I have used, for my crazy abnormal periods and as a birth control. The first month was crazy, headache, fetigue, nausea, extreme cramps, but I decided to stick with it and eventually that went away. My period started on a Tuesday and ended on a Saturday and were way lighter, and I hadn 't experienced normal period symptoms besides bloating. The second month I had crazy mood swings, followed by the month after that. Periods still came on Tuesday-Saturday, but I started noticing on my new packs, I had headaches, fetigue, nausea, etc.. My fourth and fifth month, I have had my period for two weeks. It would start on my 3rd week pill Tuesday, all the way until I had to start my new pack. I am shortly switching.
I was diagnosed about a year ago and put on Onglyza. It worked well, keeping my blood sugar at a normal level. About 6 months ago my Dr lowered my dose from 5 mg once a day to 2.5 mg per day. Still great blood sugars. About a month ago he stopped all meds and my sugar climbed up, so back on Onglyza 5 mg once a day. Last week my sugar went to 300-400, even my fasting levels. So today I went in an was immediately given a shot of insulin, prescribed Tresiba and an oral med with Metformin in it. Can 't figure out why Onglyza stopped working for me. But it did. Very unhappy now.
I started to notice a pattern that the day I would insert it, for the next 24 hrs following insertion, I was incredibly naeusous, but I dealt with it. The reason I ultimately got off of it was because after 7 months of severe anxiety, mood swings, and angry outburst with no explanation, I figured out that it could potentially be my Nuva Ring. I 'm a 23 yr old, active student/teacher. I lost all motivation to get through the day or go to the gym. I constantly picked fights with loved ones, and I was so hard on myself and my personal appearance. I turned into someone I wasn 't. Was going to therapy 2 times a week for 4 months, trying to figure out what triggered my anxiety. Got off of NR once I put 2 and 2 together. Finally back to my normal self.
Lyrica put me into a more restful sleep. Waking up at  5:30am for work is very difficult on this medication and I feel fatigued still throughout the day. I still ache from my fibromyaliga on this medication. I can 't remember how long I was on this medication. I went off it and started taking Savella. Savella took care of the pain from the condition but now I 'm having side effects from the medicine. Now I don 't know what I 'm going to take.
I have been on Nexplanon for 3 years &amp; 7 months. When it comes to preventing pregnancy it works like a charm. But the side effects are so damn hard to take. First round I had my period for a year. It was panty liner light but still irritating. I gained weight &amp; was occasionally angry. My second round, well my period hasn 't stopped since I got it &amp; its tampon heavy. My mood swings are also off the walls. It 's straining my relationship, badly. Thankfully my SO is understanding that it 's just the hormones &amp; not me. But he 's been arguing with me to get it removed in hopes it 'll make us happier. Horrifying panic attacks, bad depression, raging anger. Sometimes it swells &amp; itches where it 's been placed. I 'm making an appointment to get it removed asap
I know birth control affects everyone differently. And I happy for the people who enjoyed this birth control. But I did not. I was placed on this to manage my endometriosis. When I started taking it, the first two weeks were constant crying and shaking from my anxiety sky rocketing. It slowly adjusted but still had panic attacks and my depression got worse. All of my physical problems went away. But it made my emotional and mental issues MUCH worse. By the 3rd month I was mostly adjusted and starting to feel like myself again... until I took the pills for my period... Then it started all over again!!! I decided to stop taking them. And my body is still adjusting after almost two months. I would MUCH rather deal with the physical pain.
Itchy beyond belief!
Was prescribed for pain related to colon cancer. Not taking any other meds yet. It arrived at 3pm today, took two 50mg tablets. Within 20 minutes the pain was gone, within an hour I was high as a kite.  Couldn 't focus, but felt good. Went to bed at about 6:30pm (I work grave yard shift), woke up at 10:30 with the worst headache ever, and very dizzy. At about 11:00 on my 5 minute drive to work I had to pull over due to dizziness and nausea. Ended up dry heaving on the side of the road for a few minutes. Started sweating profusely. Finally got to work, still dizzy. Can 't focus on my work, and having trouble getting my eyes to focus.....  12:08, had to stop typing halfway through last sentence to run to the bathroom to vomit...  Will not take more.
I was on this for about 4 years. I decided to finally get off because my mood swings were getting worse. This pill caused me to become severely depressed and developed extreme social anxiety. It was effective as a birth control but the side effects aren 't worth it. I 've been off it for a few months and feel so much better! Not depressed anymore and anxiety is finally getting better. Be mindful of your moods of you do decide to try this.
I was prescribed Cipro for a nasty and on going sinus infection.  I realized after many months of physical therapy on a bad case of tennis elbow that when I quit Cipro the tennis elbow disappeared.  The side effects listed tendon problems.  I believe it affected my elbow rather than other tendons.
I was on Kariva for over 3 years and loved it.  Had no problems and a regular period.  However, I had to switch to Microgestin because Kariva isn 't readily available in my state, I would have had to order out.  According to my doctor the closest birth control to Kariva was this one.  It really scares me.  I 'm on my third pack and my periods have been significantly lighter, and that 's awesome.  BUT they weren 't nearly as regular as they used to be AND this is the second time I 've experienced bleeding in between periods while on this birth control.  Stressful indeed! I 'm not so sure how long I want to stay on Microgestin, not a fan of the in-between bleeding.
I got positive results after the first tablet.  I stayed with the medication for two weeks but had to discontinue use due to constipation.  In fact the constipation was so bad in the second week I was giving myself enemas to get relief.  
It 's not worth it. I had one dose and bled for 3 months non stop and felt like a whole different person, I was constantly worrying and giving everyone attitude. I 've been off it for 6 weeks now and I 'm feeling a bit better, hoping my next period comes regular. Overall the only side effects I experienced were anxiety, mood swings, a long period and, I would sometimes get short but sharp back aches. The worst thing I did was read all the horror stories because I got paranoid. You just have to wait it out. I would not recommend this method.
I 'm 14 years old and I 've been on it for 4 months and I hate it. I 'm on it for regular periods since my blood flows too quickly and it has done nothing. I 've been on my period for 4 months, light mostly but heavy sometimes. I also went on it for my acne but it did nothing. I gained 4 pounds and now I have stubborn belly fat. I also have huge stretch marks (idk if its related but they showed up when I took it). Also, I have no motivation anymore. Don 't take this please!
I was quiet nervous about talking this pill, because I have had such bad experience with the shot. I 'm on my 11 day of taking Lutera. I started on them the first day I received my period....and I 've been bleeding ever since...very heavy at that, not a very happy camper. I have never bled this long.
I was on Balziva for the past year but my new insurance won 't cover it so my doctor prescribed Blisovi. I am on the first week of my second pack. I got my period with heavy bleeding on the second week of my first pack then continued to have cramps until the fourth week. I had spotting when I was supposed to have my period according to the pack. At the beginning of each pack so far I 've experienced horrible nausea. I thought it was my body adjusting to new medication but after reading these reviews I may need to take these symptoms up with my doctor.
I 've really have hoped this would work. I 've tried it each time I get that twitch for a cold sore. Applying it as directed. Have not seen a shortened healing time. It is more of a medicated moisturizer cream. I keep hoping for it to work as marketed but the concentration of the medication is not strong enough. Consider a more cost effective, moisturizer lip balm.
I first started with the NuvaRing and ended up having to get my gallbladder removed. I have been on reclipsen for 3 years now and the only pros for me are that I do have much clearer skin and am not pregnant BUT I have awful migraines multiple times a month so bad that I now have a prescription from my neurologist also have basically NO sex drive which is driving my boyfriend insane. And I am insanely sensitive and cry almost everyday during the placebo week.
So I got diagnosed about 3 months ago and it sucks because I 've only ever had 2 partners. Anyways I started using the Vyloma my doctor prescribed and all I can tell you is that it made deep ulcers on my uvula and around my urethra. I was in so much pain! It did absolutely nothing for the warts! So he gave me a stronger dose... not sure if he knows what he 's doing.
i have athetoid spastic cp and when i was on it, it worked for a few years  but it stopped working.
I was prescribed amox-clav 875mg 2x a day for two weeks for infected adenoids in my sinuses.  I had not been taking it with a full glass of water but had been taking it with an early afternoon and late evening meal.  Doctor also prescribed Prilosec to be taking with it once a day.  From start I noticed a little bit of nausea with extreme fatigue on days 2 &amp; 3.  On day four I woke up feel great assuming I slept better because the medicine must have been working.  However two hours after lunch I had severe nausea and stomach cramps and burning along with severe diarrhea.  Took 6 tums and the Prilosec earlier than normal and ate a lot plain crackers.  Burning lessened just a bit.  This medicine has awful side effects.  Need to call doctor.
I have tried meclazine as a prophylactic to motion sickness while fishing in the Gulf of Mexico with mixed results. The first time out was a complete failure with severe nausea and vomiting accompanied by diarrhea. The second time was a little better, no diarrhea and limited vomiting but quite acute nausea. Won 't use it again for this purpose, probably won 't go out on the gulf anytime soon either,No noticeable side effects with either event.
I feel so fat.  My whole body is swollen.  I look like a cherub. It does work, but the side effects are harsh. 
Ok so this is the first time getting a yeast infection. I asked my grandmother does she have anything to cure a yeast infection? She says yes I have monistat 7. So I used it for the first time today. After taking it there 's no itch or burn. So it 's so far so good. 6 more days to go !!!
I have been taking this medication for 6 months and have gained 30lbs. It hasn 't really helped my Raynaud 's at all.
I 've been taking Lutera for  Dilated veins in uterus (PVC) i 've been on it for about 3 months to ease cramps &amp; decrease bleeding, but it hasn 't really done either. During the first month of the pill, I bled daily so I didn 't necessarily have a period. I also gained about 5 pounds within 2 weeks, became extremely moody &amp; still had issues with cramps. Month 2, I still experienced a lot of spotting, but it would be supressed for about a day or two, then continue for a week. I actually had a lighter period &amp; some of the cramping was eased, but the weight gain &amp; moodiness came with depression, lack of energy &amp; made my skin breakout (seeing I never really had acne issues). I 'm almost done with my 3rd pack &amp; I plan to switch pills once I 'm able to visit my doctor again.
This was my first experience with birth control. From a physical side it was great, lighter, shorter periods and no side effects. But it turned me into a miserable, emotional mess. Almost ruined my relationship with my mood swings, neediness and constant breakdowns. It took a long time for me to begin suspecting Yaz, and it was only when the pharmacy was out and gave me Yasmin instead that my suspicions were confirmed, I am 100 % happier and more emotionally stable now.
I had it inserted in Nov 2014 I 've a period heavy and little everyday it 's very stressful and expensive to be buying pads. Also, I refuse to have set with my husband knowing that I 'm bleeding.  VERY DISAPPOINTED.  I like implanon better at least my periods came every 2-3 months I can deal with that.  Will be calling my doctor tomorrow
Took 150mg a day for several years. I lived with the dizziness when getting up or kneeling down. Also adversely affected my urination habits. Hard to go, weak stream etc. The doctor switched me to Benicar 20mg. Works better on lowering blood pressure, NO dizziness at all, and peeing is back to normal. Benicar is a MUCH MUCH better blood pressure medicine for me.
At first I thought I had found a *miracle medicine* for my schitzoaffective disorder, as I was waking up early each morning with energy. Over time I noticed an increasingly strong yet underlying feeling of anxiety, which led me to have constant severe panic attacks. At one point I had to leave the mall as I had such a feeling of anxiety, terror and paranoia washing over me. If you are prone to anxiety or paranoia steer clear as you will likely feel out of control on this medication, especially at the doses above 10mg.
This thing is giving me so many problems it 's ridiculous. I 've had to drive all the way to the gyno SEVERAL times because of my side effects. Coincidently, I have yet another appointment today. My body does not like this thing. When it was first placed inside, I experienced the worst pain I have ever felt in my life (no joke). If you want a pain rating, I 'd give it a 10/10. I still felt cramping a while after and the pain was so bad that they put me in a different room in order to sleep off the pain. Keep in mind I took pain relievers before the process as suggested. When I finally gathered enough strength to drive myself home, I continued to feel pain (8/10) for the next 3-4 days. Period lasted about 10-13 days. *wish I could write more
Since switching to Bystolic from atenolol I have experienced my arms falling asleep at night and light headedness. Coreg CR made me cloudy in thinking, felt like a rubber band was around my chest, and I didn 't feel as calm as when I was taking atenolol. I switched from atenolol to Coreg CR so I could overcome the wall I would hit while pushing cardio-excercise to the limit. I felt great everyday all day long on atenolol.
I have been on latuda for 3-4 years at 40 mg. I also take celexa for my bipolar 1 disorder . The latuda has helped me feel better but the weight gain of 50 lbs I put on has depressed me to the point that I stopped taking latuda this week. So far I have just experienced some insomnia and racing thoughts. I pray that these symptoms will pass soon. I am looking into treating my bipolar1 with vitamins and minerals. If you have any suggestions or thoughts please share them. I am hoping to lose all the weight I gained. Thank you and God Bless.
I feel like the ground is moving under me , I have headaches and diarrhea .  My hands hurt a lot, I wear white gloves  to try to protect them .  It would be better to learn what is causing it than to be medicated .  I am not as happy as I was before this medicine .  Why can they make this medicine , but not know what is wrong ?
I 've had 3 implants in total now and just had my last one removed after having it for a year. I had two with no problems apart from acne. The last I had after I had my first child and it was the worst thing ever. I 'd lost all the baby weight then had the implant inserted and gained 3 stone back in about 4 months. Nothing would shift it. It completely changed my appetite, gave me horrible acne and dandruff and reduced my sex drive to nothing.I had it removed 7 days ago and it was the best decision ever. In just 7 days I 've lost 7lbs by doing nothing, dandruff has nearly gone and my skin has nearly all cleared up.I loved the implanon implant before having my baby but after it just seemed to cause so many side effects it wasn 't worth it.
I just got home from pharmacy and I purchased the 3 day pack. I was planning on waiting until right before I sleep tonight to do the first one, but my lady part has been itchy all day so I just used the anti itch cream and holy moly it BURNS. It itches MORE now plus a burning sensation everywhere! It 's like this for like 20 minutes then goes away. Even my butt burns and I don 't even know why but if it 's gonna be like this idk if I want to even start the first one!!!!!!
Third day on Clarithromycin, it has worked so far clearing up my chronic sinusitis, my voice is back and my sense of smell is back the only thing bad about it is the bitter taste in my mouth and lips. I don 't know what to eat to change it. I make sure that I take my 2 500 tablets right after supper, I haven 't had trouble with my stomach.
Was placed on Gabapentin 30 days ago 100 mg 3 times a day for neuropathy of hands and feet. Also have severe agoraphobia with panic attacks. Most hand and leg pain much better. Remarkable is that I can now leave my house and do my own grocery shopping. Only possible side effect is I have no sleep pattern now. I sleep when tired and wake when rested. Can be in bed at 10 a.m. or 6 a.m sleep just about any time and wake 8 to 10 hours later. Yesterday I fell asleep at 6 a.m. I got up at 7 p.m. day before I fell asleep at 11 p.m. and got up at 930 a.m. See doctor in 2 days, will ask what can be done. I can 't take sleeping pills because they and Valium do exactly the reverse in my body. I took Ambien 1 time, was up 2 days. Ambien also causes restless legs syndrome.
Always feel like shyt. 20 years on this medication could not understand why I am not any better. Did my own research and found that it has GLUTEN in it. All this time taking med. that helps me be more sick. Not to mention weight gain it  made me look puffy face hands swell just as if I was ingesting GLUTEN!!!! I was. If you have Celiac or IBS Don 't take this.
I am a 19-year white female who has been on this pill for approximately two months. In beginning, I couldn 't tell a difference in much of anything. I starting spotting which just turned into my period that lasted like normal and wasn 't too heavy. I haven 't had any cramps to date, but cramps were never bad before the pill anyways. Acne has always been a struggle for me but the pill seems to have mellowed it out just a tad bit. But here is my number one complaint (with two parts lol), I experience so many UTI within my first month. SO many! Once I got those under control, the emotions went haywire. I would get VERY angry with people and my temper became very short. This side effect has yet to wear off. Very annoying.
My experience with Paragard was horrible I had heavy periods, outrageous cramps, acne, mental issues due to the implant because now that I 've had it removed I feel excellent.  When I had it removed there was rust on the copper. I do not suggest anyone has Paragard implants ever. It was the biggest mistake that I ever made having the  implant put inside of me and I am so grateful that I finally had it removed.
I was prescribed Abilify 15mg in addition to Depakote 1g daily for bipolar affective disorder and my mood was stabilised but it wad constantly low and on the edge. I was heavily sedated that I slept 15 hours a day and when I was awake I didn 't feel  'completely there ', and I also had blurred vision. I was taken off the Abilify and put onto Quetiapine and was more alert and my vision improved, so in my case Abilify really didn 't suit me.
I took it for over a year for depression and mood swings, but it didn 't help me much. The mood swings were a little less, but I felt very empty and like a zombie. No happy feelings and I still felt depressed/empty. I felt much better when I stopped taking them. I did have withdrawal symptoms, I was extremely emotional the weeks after stopping. But after those I felt happier, less depressed.
I was put on Deralin for the trembling in my hands- apparently fron Lithium. I couldn 't hold a pen, drinking out of a glass would need two hands, water bottle would need two hands. Couldn 't put make up on, the shaking could become a style of jerking, I 'd hit the wrong keys on a keyboard and got the sack for making mistakes from a temp role.  The GP put me on 40mg o/d - it worked &quot;ok&quot;  then 2 x 40 p/d.  It doesn 't seem to work- I still can 't hold a pen.  It has helped with panic attacks, that- that kick in the guts butterfly feeling has stopped. I don 't feel calmer or much difference.    Lithium plus years ago Zoloft gave me diarrhea up to 18 times in 24 hour period. I hardly left the house,  well again after settling down to 6 times up to 22 time
I started out sooo pro-Nexplanon. I got it inserted in Jan. 2016 and it was great. In June 2016 I got diagnosed with major depression and anxiety, which I have never struggled with before. Since then I 've felt un-human. Detached, emotionless, fatigued, I haven 't felt love for something in over a year. I figured it was just bad luck until a couple of weeks ago when my body started rejecting every thing I ate. I 'm choking down mashed potatoes as I type, but I know they 'll come back up later. I looked into other reviews and I guess severe depression and constant nausea are two common things with Nexplanon. I 'll be getting it removed ASAP :(
The drug did not work for me.  I felt I was about to have a heart attack.  I thought I was going to die. I was ready to call 911.  I didn 't realize it could have such an adverse effect on you.   The doctor prescribed another drug which worked much better without giving me the feeling of an oncoming heart attack.
calms me down too much
I 've been taking Pristiq 50mg daily for the past 7 months for anxiety and mild depression, and I can 't say I 'm much better for sticking with it.  The side effects were horrible as I started - extreme dizziness, nausea, restlessness, sweating, impotence.  Those subsided over the first week or two, but quickly returned if I miss a dose.  My energy level has not lifted and in fact may have decreased, but most importantly I 've felt more disconnected, numb, and unfocused since being on the drug.  I 've heard it 's rough to come off and I 've been tapering back slowly, but I 'm looking forward to clear thoughts and true feelings again.  
I would rate this medication a 4. It did clear my acne for about 9 years- I took it while I was in high school. I am a petite, small female and may have been perscribed too high a dose. I experienced thoughts of suicide (extremely out of character), depression, VERY dry skin, aggrivated acne and scarring that was much worse than I ever had. This medication should be prescribed VERY carefully and should be a LAST resort. Patients s/b monitored closely while on this.
Just started so what I 'm experiencing may change after some time (I hope) but I began bleeding the next day of taking sprintec and I 'm still bleeding now. Ok fine maybe because it 's new but I 'm also nauseous EVERYDAY right after I eat or drink ANYTHING (it 's helping me loose weight because I can 't keep much down) also now I have acne like I 've never had acne. I 'm easily depressed then I 'm super happy like it 's confusing. This is not kool but like I said it is still new for me so I 'm going to give it time. My GYN days after 3 months it should be better
So I have been on tranexamic for 4 days. I get dizzy and headaches and the bleeding has slowed but hasn 't stopped. I 'm on 4000mg a day.
I 'm 24, never had any children. I bled for about a month and a half. Every time I exercised (walking slowly a few miles) I would get excruciating back pain and heavy bleeding. I also have bad acne starting up. It 's been about 3 months so far. I 'm thinking of having it removed because I cannot bare the pain.
The side effects got worse the longer I was on Nexplanon. At first, the side effects were minimal, but by the third month I was getting periods that lasted 10  days and was spotting the rest of the month. It made me extremely emotional and depressed, which became noticeably worse during my periods. Also, I had never had any acne during my adolescence years, but ever since I got on nexplanon, my entire face is covered in pimples. Like said before, the acne wasn 't as bad in the first few months, but got increasingly worse.
So I 've been going back and forth between Sprintec and Depo for the last year. I was on Sprintec from the age of 16 because of horrible cramping. I loved the pill but could never remember to take it so I was on my period all of the time. I tried depo, I don 't really remember the first time taking it except for having some vaginal dryness and I lost my boobs (at 20 years old not the most exciting combination). So I got back on the pill, same issues of forgetting to take it and went back to depo for some reason I can 't explain to myself. It was a horrible decision. My mood swings are ridiculous, my anger is out of control, I 'm constantly bloated, I 've become very constipated, spotting comes out of no where, and I 'm constantly exhausted.
My son has been taking Symbicort 200/6 for 4 years and it has worked well. He started feeling fatigued about a year ago and has been diagnosed in the last week with adrenal suppression/shutdown which is a noted possible reaction. If any users feel fatigued or have difficulty fighting infections I would suggest getting cortisol tested promptly.
i have tried almost all SSRI that are commonly used and celexa works just like all the rest of them. It makes me feel out of it like I 'm not really here and makes me extremely tired I sleep about 4 hours a day. It does help with some of my anxiety not all of it and it does help with anger
I tried taking the Depo shot and I was on my period for 6 months straight. I told my doctor who suggested Yaz.  I have been taking it for 4 years and here are the things I have noticed after a long term use. Tiredness, Spotting, Weight gain (went from 105 to 127) but then again that 's not as bad as it could be. I have stayed active taking kick boxing and running. Appetite Increase- since taking it I have felt like I should eat and eat and eat. 
I had my  first depo shot on july 2016 and i have never had periods which to me was great because I hate the cramps I get during periods. For the past 3months I have been having terrible mood swings. No sex drive, but the worst was the past 1 week, painful cramps that I couldn 't get out of bed. I don 't recommend this to anyone.
I went on this medication because I needed to regulate my periods. I 've been on it since January and everyone can tell in depressed. I used to be outgoing and talkative but now my boyfriend can just ask me a simple question and I 'll break down and cry.
Apri was great for the first month and a half. I take this pill religiously and have never missed or thrown up a dose. Then I had the worst period I 've ever experienced in my life while I still had a week and a half of active pills left. I couldn 't even drive that week. The period symptoms finally ended but the bleeding itself did not. It lightened up, but continued for three more weeks. This is ruining my sex life for the time being and I 've gone through two boxes of liners. I switched to a higher dose of estrogen and will start taking it next week - and thank God.
I had the Mirena put in 9/4/13. It is 11/5/13 &amp; I have not had 1 single day w/out bleeding!! This is so effective at birth control because you cant possibly have sex with all the bleeding it causes!! i am 38, of average weight and had it inserted for birth control, not to treat any other symptom. For me, getting it inserted was mildly uncomfortable, was over quickly. I was able to go running that same day...so I wasnt uncomfortable at all. I did take 800mg of ibuprofen before the appointment. The first 2 weeks I broke out with really nasty acne along my jawline. I think my hair has thinned. I have also experienced Migraine w/aura :-(  My Mirena has until Jan., if this hasnt fixed itself, its coming out.
I suffered severe headaches &amp; nausea for hours from the very first dose &amp; every dose thereafter. I would feel faint, overheated, extremely tired; I slept with the windows open and the heat off (it 's winter). 4 days of taking Macrobid, I begin to have loose stools &amp; severe muscles aches &amp; neck stiffness. I began to have a sore throat &amp; a dry cough on day 2. After stopping, within 24 hours I begin to itch severely. I 've been off of it for 48 hours &amp; I still have a headache &amp; I use Benadryl for the itching. I was given Levaquin in 1 dose, then Macrobid 100 mg 2X a day for 10 days by the ER doctor. But my primary doctor thought it was an overkill and should have used just the Levaquin.
This medicine gave me way too much energy. The other night I went on a run at midnight, because I had to burn off the energy. I would say it definitely made me extremely manic. I also stopped getting my period on it, and my breasts grew larger as well. Strange..
I 've been on topiramate for about 9 months and I 've had really weird side-effects. I have the usual tingling, numbness, and weight-loss/loss of appetite that most everyone seems to have, but I 've also gotten really bad heartburn. It gets to the point where it feels like I 'm gonna throw up, and an episode might last anywhere from 2 hours to the whole day. It 's not when I eat certain foods either. I also still get really horrible migraines, just not as often. I can 't go on imitrex anymore because I have &quot;complex&quot; migraines, but sometimes no medicine helps. Does anyone else have these problems too?
I was prescribed Lisinopril about 6 months ago, and develop a really bad cough about one month after taking the medicine. The cough got so bad I had to take breaks from the medication just to get relief. Finally my doctor recently took me off of it. She said the cough was a sign of an allergic reaction. I 'm upset it took that long to get my doctor to understand that I was suffering with a cough/headache that seem to last 24/7. However, Lisinopril did lower my blood pressure.
I had Implanon inserted in March, 2008 about 6 weeks after my son 's birth.- periods are very infrequent (I skip 3-6 months at a time)- periods last 4-6 WEEKS (as opposed to my normal 4-6 days)- weight gain (I weigh as much today as the day I walked into the hospital to deliver my son!)- mood swings (I 'm nearly as emotional as during pregnancy)- dizziness (I get light headed/dizzy quite often). I loved the convenience, but the side effects have become too much for me.  I 'm getting it removed this week.
Hello everyone, I 'm here to tell you about my experience with Nexplanon. First, let me just say it has done its job,because I haven 't gotten pregnant since I 've had it. In fact I think it 's a great preventative method. But, if you notice, I 've only had it for a year when it 's suppose to last for 3 years. My biggest problem was the bleeding patterns. I bled for almost 6 months straight. In those 6 months where I was bleeding, I experienced the mood swings, weight gain, and depression. I 'm 21 now, and I was at a normal weight bouncing from 120 to 130 ,but never anymore or less. I also excerised routinely and ate a decent diet. Sadly in the last year I haven 't been able to maintain my weight with my end weight being 171! I wouldn 't recommend.
I started Depo as an alternative to the pill due to the fact that I kept forgetting to take it. At first, it was a miracle. My period immediately stopped. I did gain a bit of weight, but it wasn 't anything that I thought about too much. But after my third round of the shot is when problems started to occur. I became incredibly unstable. My moods were unbearable to the point where it almost cost me a relationship. I was constantly depressed, no sex drive, and the scale kept climbing even after efforts to eat healthier and exercise. I decided to go off of it and everything just stopped. I feel normal again. My weight dropped. 
Controls the anxiety but side  effect causes erectile dysfunction.
I was taken off of Yaz and put onto this because it was causing me migraines with aura.  I have been on it for a couple years now I 'd say.  I never really noticed it until my boyfriend mentioned to me how I never am &quot;in the mood&quot; anymore.  We used to have a very steady sex life together and now maybe 1 time a month.  I went to the doctor a while ago and she ran blood tests on me and they came back that my iron is severely low.  I 've never had that before until I started taking this pill.  I also seem to get angry very and upset easily. I 'm not saying that 's the pills fault but I was never like that before I started taking it.  I started getting regular headaches again, so my Doctor switched me to a different brand that I have yet to try.
I 've been on Topamax for about 5 months now (100 am/100 pm) and finally giving up faith. The negative side effects outweigh the slight change in my migraines. Carbonated beverages taste terrible, I have to force myself to eat, I stutter constantly, I can never find the right words and often switch up words in a sentence. My memory is horrid, and I always see tracers, which is enough to drive anyone crazy. The only pluses are the slight decrease in consistency of my migraines and the weight loss.
I 'm about to start on the placebo pills and I 'm intensely considering not starting the new pack. When I first started this birth control I had mild nausea and light cramping. Since then I 've gained 10 pounds, I 'm tired, nauseous, and bloated all the time. For me it 's been all the fun pregnancy symptoms without actually conceiving (Doctor confirms my ego is not preggo) so I 'm seriously debating on stopping it. My lifestyle three months ago is no different than my lifestyle now with the exception of this stinky little pill, and I can say that I am definitely unhappier now.
Took for 4 days felt run down. A lot of anxiety and pin point eyes. Had to lay down because of body aches, but couldn 't sleep. Drank a lot of water and got charlie horses in feet &amp; toes. 
I could tell this patch wasn 't for me after a two months of being on it... I had every side effect you could think of.. mood swings, depression, nausea, vomiting, stomach aches, chest pain, shortness of breath, headaches, tingling in my feet and hands, aching in my arms and legs... it got to the point where I was so concerned I had to go to the emergency room to make sure I didn 't have any blood clots and that I wasn 't in danger of having a stroke or heart attack. Turns out I was okay but they took me off the patch immediately. I 'm only 22 but I smoke so I guess that could be why I had such a bad reaction to it. I 'm disappointed it didn 't work for me because the convenience of not having to take a pill every day was nice. Oh well.
First month I didn&rsquo;t get my period second month there has been NON STOP bleeding. I can 't stand it and on top of that the headache are almost unbearable. I am constantly tired and don 't have any energy! Looking to get it removed soon.!
I experienced relief from the itching within a couple of hours, so I know it worked. However, it has made my skin irritated and inflamed. The exterior cream gave me a terrible burning and tingling sensation that lasted for days, even after repeated efforts to wash it off. Next time I will just go to the doctor and try to get a prescription because this isn 't worth it.
I was put on Trokendi Xr after being taken off of Topiramate post brain surgery in April of 2014. I was on Trokenid XR for a total of eight months and just got off the medication this week. I had a lot of the severe side effects. After the first 3 weeks of being on this medicine it caused a drastic change in my mood, depression, thoughts of suicide, dramatic increase in memory loss, tingling in the hands, legs and feet, could never get enough sleep, and was very aggressive and irritable. I did not have a seizure while on Trokendi XR, but the side effects I was having with this medication was not worth it for me. However it could work great for someone else, and you might not have any of them!
This pill has been awful for me.  My doctor prescribed it after my laproscopy and a period of induced menopause due to endometriosis. It has caused major moodiness and I either get my period when it is not supposed to come or don 't get it at all.  Slight weight gain.  My breasts hurt all the time, more than ever!  I asked my doctor to switch me to something else.  He put me on Notrel 777- and that is great!  Hope everybody can find something that works well for their body.
This birth control has increased acne, and appetite causing me to retain water. My breasts are also sore, and I find that I become nauseous no matter if I take it with food or not.
Got the nexplanon 2 days after I had my daughter. Everything was cool I bled my whole 6 weeks then my period completely stopped until the first week of Feb I spotted for a few days(3).  Started gaining weight after and no matter how much I work out I cant lose the weight!! Lately ive started gettings headaches for 4-5days straight no matter what I take I continue to have a headache and increased appetite.  Really considering getting it took out.  The no period or pregnancy is the only great thing!
Started on Benicar 7 days ago after 3 years on Cardizem Dl 360. So far my blood pressure has not responded well especially my diastolic. I am a nurse so I take my blood pressure daily. I have a history of intolerance to drugs and have to change medications freguently.
The pill itself does what it 's supposed to and seems to work pretty well but it gave me some pretty strange white discharge. I thought I kept getting infections but I didn 't. It was just from the pill. Also, one of the biggest problems I had with it was that I had a MAJOR decrease in my sex drive. I never wanted sex or to do anything sexual. It was really hard for me to even get turned on. It did it 's job not letting me get pregnant but it 's hard to get pregnant when you can 't even get turned on enough to have sex.
I 'm a Black woman who has mild acne (closed comedones on forehead and cheekbones), oily/combo skin, prone to post-inflammatory hyperpigmentation. I began using Biacna (equivalent to Ziana) regularly in November or December of 2016, once a day at night, making sure to apply at least SPF 40 every morning. It is now May of 2017, 5 months later, and my mild acne has spread all over my face - my forehead, all of my cheeks, and my chin are regularly covered in tiny bumps, and when those resolve, they are replaced with more tiny bumps. I think it is safe to say that this product is not working for me, since my acne has only gotten steadily worse over time, with no improvement. I will use this product for one more month.
I am on my third week, 20mlgm first two now 40. Doc plans on two weeks at 40 then 80. I:m not sure if I will stay there or what just yet. The only side effect thus far was about a week of lightheadedness upon rising, which has since subsided. I do believe the depression doesn 't feel quit as heavy and the three hours I do sleep were better sounder sleep. I have tried everything there is and this is wook for a whole then side effects outweigh bennifit or just stop working. I am hoping that the seemingly quick response continues. This could be the one. Hopefully the saratonin reuptake adds to it 's effectiveness. Waiting to see../
I started off on 10mg per day, which was able to make my depression much better. After about a week I started to feel  'numb ', not in a good way. I had no emotions at all and hadn 't helped my anxiety even a little. 20mg was much worse and made me feel the worst I have ever felt. After weaning off that, I was prescribed 100mg of Wellbutrin SR, and after only a few days I 'm feeling much happier and have much more motivation with no side effects.
Prescribed paxil for depression, anxiety and OCD of contamination. I took 10mg of paxil for 1.5 months. I experienced no side effects, which was the only upside. I experienced PPDA only 1 month after my first and only son was born. As a 1st time mom I thought everything I was experiencing was typical, until I began having suicidal thoughts and resorted to self harm, all taking a toll on my relationship w/ my son and husband. Waited for 10 months to finally get help. While taking paxil at first I felt better and more connected to my baby until two weeks later I noticed I felt EXTREMELY unmotivated, lazy, zombieish and uncaring. I went from one extreme with OCD to never cleaning anything ever. So I felt just as depressed as before.
I have been prescribed Tramadol 50mg tablets to be taken 2 tablets at once every 6 hours a day and have been on this medication for 3 months now. Suffering from chronic neck and head pain for 3 years with no final diagnosis except for maybe possible whiplash or stress related, I have not recieved any help from numerous physicans I constantly visited. After countless failed non-opioid pain medications and physical therapy sessions I was prescribed Tramadol a synthetic opiod pain medication. 1st month had full pain relief with no problems, 2nd month I developed a tolerance and had to take 2 every 4 hours, 3rd month I am getting little to no relief and stopped taking it, which has me in withdrawal and pain. I do not recommend Tramadol at all.
I used 10 mg zopidem for 7 years. It worked like a charm.  I went from 10 to 15 to 20 mg of this new stuff.  Nothing. I 'm just going to have to go one week Belsomra and 45 mg mirtazapine and one week zolpidem. I had such high hopes. But doesn 't get rid of my sleep anxiety.
My doctor switched me from Marvelon to Apri about 7 months ago. I suddenly started gaining weight, no change in diet and probably more exercise. It has made my periods fairly regular but I cannot afford to gain anymore weight because it is affecting my overall health. I am considering getting off Apri and choosing a different pill.
I take zoloft and the mix was a nightmare!!! it made me more agitated than I normally am ever! beware!
I am 59 and have been taking amlodipine for a few years. I never realized that the pain in my ankles, feet, hands, &amp; wrists was related.  I thought it was just a matter of getting older.  I also have gained weight on this medication.  I 've been dieting and I 'm active, but the weight would not go down.  I would get very tired in the afternoon.  My doctor increased the medication and I wound up not being able to stand when I got out of bed.  I decided to stop taking it for a few days. Almost all the pain went away and the swelling in my feet became less.  I 'm changing meds asap.
Most painful stomach pain I 've ever experienced even with the recommended dose! I was moaning and shaking from the pain for 2 hours. This happened about 4 hours after taking the medicine.
Was prescribed Robaxin for muscle spasm after Vicodin failed to help. Although the Robaxin eliminated the muscle spasms I had nausea, lack of appetite, and insomnia.
Severe jumpy left legItching left leg
I have been on LoSeasonique for 6 weeks now. The first 2 weeks I had no breakthrough bleeding. Around week 3 I started spotting for a couple of days then it would stop for a couple of days. I am now on week 6 and the breakthrough hasn 't stopped. It 's putting a damper on my thoughts of the pill. I will continue taking this pill through the first pack (3 month) and decide then if I want to continue taking it. The main purpose for taking this pill was to decrease my periods and I have been bleeding more than before. I usually have very mild cramping and have noticed the cramping has worsened these past 3 weeks.
Well I haven 't gotten pregnant, so I guess it 's probably doing what it should. But since being on the drug, I have restless nights where I wake up constantly feeling naesous. Sometimes it 'll be at 4 AM and then I just can 't get back to sleep after it. As for my acne, it seemed to clear up a bit at first but right around the time my period is starting, it gets horrible again. I don 't like it at all.
Was on chateal for around 3 years. Everything started off fine, my acne cleared up, my periods were lightened and I never got pregnant. Around the end of the 3rd year however, things started to go down hill. My mental health was unstable (even my boyfriend noticed a dramatic change) and my sex drive seemed to diminish. I never felt like I gained a bunch of weight though and that made me happy and so I never really felt the need to change my bc. Just recently I started getting my bc through Walgreens and for some reason they prescribed me Levora. Since I switched I feel like my old self (even my boyfriend noticed the change again) so I 'm really happy I was basically forced to switch bc pills. Chateal is not my favorite!!!
I have had chronic constipation all my life. Everytime I try something new it will work for a few weeks, and then it 's like my body gets used to it and it doesn 't work anymore. I have been taking Amitiza for 4 days, 24mcg twice a day. I have had 2 bowel movements but nothing more. I did experience some side effects, especially nausea. Have to take while eating and drink a lot of water, but no miracles yet. I will continue to take and see what happens.
Wasn 't a good thing for me.  Was dizzy and fell down three times.
I 'm 22, and this is my first time being on birth control. At first I liked it because it regulated my period, and I went up a cup size, but that 's the only positive experience I 've had with this pill. I 'm bloated around my midsection (I 'm 5 '6 and 107lbs and I look 2 months pregnant because of the bloating), my cramps are just as bad as they were off the pill, my breast hurt so bad and the biggest thing of all that I hate is that my face went from being flawless to severe acne EVERYWHERE! The pill is also expensive.
This pill has been effective as far as controlling any pregnancy, but since I have been taking it my sex drive has lessened and I 've become moody more often. I feel mildly depressed most days and don 't have much interest in anything at all. However, I have always been a very motivated person so have tried my best to still work myself out at the gym and do things i love. I feel more negative about things than positive. I am about to get off the pill and just give my body a break from any added hormones!
I have suffered from moderate to severe back pain for 15 years. I have a disk herniation and pinched nerve. Lots of pain all day. Nothing relieves it. I have been on tramadol 50mg. After 4 years on the Tram became addicted. I loved it bcause i could work like hell on it. Pain gone. Took anywhere from 100-400mg a day. I had doc take me off. Took some of my wife 's here and there. I call my doc and told her She HAD to give me something i was missing work a lot and i just can 't go without something for the bad days. She give me ultracet. Literally does almost nothing for me but makes me Nauseated. Maybe it dont work because I been taking tram up until she gave it to me? Built a High tolerance?
I have been using Jublia for about 6 months on big toe, cannot tell if it is working, I had the fungus on both nails and got rid of it soaking in diluted bleach (a dermatologist told me to do this), but then it came back on one toe, so, I am trying Jublia, so far, getting it for free thru Walgreens, I have Blue Cross Blue Shield Insurance. I had also done the laser treatment too, and it didn 't work for me.
I have been taking Exforge for a few months and started getting headaches.
I 've been on the Depo shot for 1 and a half years. I love it because I 'm not getting any periods and it 's not like the pill having to remember it daily. However in the course of being on this shot I have gained 70 pounds. I 'm always hungry and I get very moody. I also have extremely bad headaches. I 'm switching to the Nuvaring because my weight gain is unbearable and my headaches are chronic.
I 'm 18 I have a severe sore throat to the point of my tonsils becoming inflamed and to add to that my ears started to hurt! So, I took Claritin D and I understand this is a decongestant so my ears were better but my throat was more dry (that 's the side affect I found out later) and I 'm up all night! was in bed from 10pm- 4am and now I have a 7 o clock flight great never again!!!
I 've tried three different SSRIs and one SNRI and have the same side effect with them all.....I can 't achieve an orgasm.  My psychiatrist put me on Trintellix because it 's not suppose to cause this problem....and it doesn 't. On the other hand, I can 't tell much difference in my depression, and I can 't sleep, I 'm back to having mild panic attacks, and I feel like I 've had a breathing treatment with all the &quot;wonderful&quot;, not, side effects.  This isn 't the medicine for me. I 've only been taking it a little over three weeks, but my psychiatrist is getting a phone call tomorrow.
I used this for spinal stenosis and it never really worked for me. I took the 5/500 and then I tried 10/325 and neither did anything.
This medicine works great but the side effects are bad. 
I was switched to this generic the beginning of the year by my insurance. I was on generess (chewable) with no problems what so ever. This pill has made me gain weight. I have stubborn acne in odd places (face, chest, even down there!) that won 't go away or pop. My anxiety is through the roof. At least it makes my periods light and pain free.
Where do I start?! Got it put in Feb. of 2013 &amp; it was a quick easy insertion. Soon after, I was depressed and sad for no reason. I started losing my hair, got terrible acne and gained about 10 pounds.  After the first 6 months of this it calmed down and everything was great! No periods, nothing. Then about 12 months into it, I started bleeding for 3 weeks on and 2 weeks off, this went on for 6 months and then I had it removed.  No one wants to have 3 week long periods. I went to get it out &amp; the doc said she had to cut a second hole because it moved while she was trying to pry it out of the first one. It took about 30 minutes of poking and prodding! Not worth having such big scars.
Did not work. I always felt hungry, and gained weight.
I was prescribed 30 mg of Cymbalta in February 2010 and took a daily dose until now. I am currently on Day 12 of being Cymbalta free. For a period of time, Cymbalta worked really well for me; however after over a year and a half on it, I was beginning to feel like a zombie and there were serious sexual side effects that interfered with my quality of life. My doctor instructed me to stop Cymbalta cold turkey and so far, it has been the worst 12 days of my life. Horrible, HORRIBLE withdrawal symptoms that actually sent me to the hospital. Although Cymbalta did work well for me in the beginning, had I known about the withdrawals I wouldn 't have taken it.
I took this pill for 3 years and in those three years I THOUGHT nothing was wrong but I was really emotional and I got depressed before my periods. I thought I had just changed but as soon as I went off this pill all those things went away. Be highly aware of your emotional state before and during.
My son was put on Risperidone when he was three and half years old. It has helped him some, but he was is still extremely aggressive and would take off running out into road and parking lots. So, his psychiatrist said he had to put in psych. ward to try new medicine. They upped his risperidone to 0.50mg twice a day and added Depakene 205mg. twice a day. He 's still very aggressive and out of control and moody. He 's only 5 and in 12 more inches he 's going to be as tall as me.
I was 16 when I started taking them and at first they were great and I normally went to sleep about an hour after taking them but after a year I 'm back to normal and sleep comes around 5.30
I started taking Lyrica about 5 months ago. It has worked great for relieving my pain from fibro, however I have experienced bladder retention at times and since I also suffer from anxiety, depression, and PTSD, over the last couple months, I have been having really scary thoughts of suicide. (I would never, ever do that. I know myself well enough to know that I would never do anything. I lost my husband that way.) I feel like it has increased my symptoms of depression and PTSD. I stopped taking it 2 days ago and while I am in a lot of pain, it 's better than the side effects of this medicine. I 'm going to my Dr in a couple days and I 'm going to talk to her about another option.
I have had the Implanon since May of 2009. I liked it at first, no problems. But, it is now 2 and a half years later, my periods usually last 3-4 weeks, heavy, then I am off for about 2 weeks. It is awful! Along with heavy, long periods, I have gained 30lbs. Even before having my son, I was on a very healthy diet and exercised 5 days a week, if not more. Sadly enough, I can 't get the weight to budge! I think the Implanon just is not right for me, so I am going to take my chances with the pill!
I got nexplanon in June 2015 because it seemed like it would be easy and private rather than having to take the pill every and not having to carry it with me on vacation with family members and such. My gynecologist told me it would stop my period after 6 months and it would be slightly irregular until then. Well 2 weeks after I received it, I started spotting nonstop for the next month. I then stopped for 2 weeks again but then I started spotting again and have not stopped since. Also, I have gained 6 lbs so far. I was at 154 and was able to maintain my weight for a whole year until I began this birth control and it seems no matter what I can 't get this weight off. I do also feel bloated ALL THE TIME. Needless to say, it 's coming out soon.
I question the amount of powder that actually makes it into the lungs, what with the mouth, tongue and throat being wet.
My boyfriend began taking this drug to lessen his anxiety and alcohol intake. Initially I was very excited to see what it would do for him, unfortunately the results were not too pleasing. Beforehand we enjoyed the little things in life and going on random excursions. Now he has become a complete zombie!! He specifically requested very low doses (.25 mg) and in a short period of time, he has completely altered his state of being. He 's tired very often and gets very irritable or annoyed being in public without him. Much less spontaneous and fun filled as before and has caused way more relational issues. Definitely would not recommend this drug unless you 're prepared for the crap loads of negative social and interpersonal effects!
I 've read everyone 's posts and am so jealous!  I 've been coughing for 5 days now, and haven 't had a decent night 's sleep for the last 6 nights!  Dr. prescribed this medicine 3 days ago, took it, and nothing.  Seriously, nothing!  Felt a little relief 10 hours later, but nothing like what everyone else here has experienced.  I 'm still coughing and miserable and am going to give it another try tonight.
45 mg.Taking this med for depression and anxiety.Insomnia is my main issue. Mirtazapine doesn 't help with insomnia at all. To me it 's kind of a joke that this actually helps people sleep. I 'm very happy for those people. For myself, however, mirtazapine doesn 't work AT ALL for sleep, and if anything, just gets me in this wierd grogged state w/ confusing thoughts and waking up from them constantly. It seems to have a very modest effect on depression and anxiety. It seems that I have had less anxiety overall, and i have random times where i get really depressed and then i snap out of it for an hour or two and attempt productive stuff.But honestly,I think it 's just my own attitude change and not the med.Not many noticable bad side FX otherwise
I was on it for 7 months and it was my first birth control. I loved it because it cleared up my skin, lighter periods, lasts about 3-4 days which is short for me because I used to get them for a whole week. I used to have terrible cramps but Generess really helped with that. It definitely worked as a birth control. However, I became very depressed, and agitated. I would get mad over little things and I was sad all the time. Severe mood swings. So I stopped taking and now I 'm on Sprintec. It 's a lot cheaper and I no longer experience mood swings, I 'm a lot happier.
Awful stuff. If you have ever suffered with depression do not use this because it will make you very depressed - they don 't tell you this. mood swings have been awful from angry to crying to anxious. I 'm like a psycho on it. constant headaches, tiredness, stomach cramps, heartburn, feel dizzy and weak, nausea.. and the hunger! Omg the hunger.. I constantly feel like I haven 't eaten for a week and even after eating a meal I still have hunger pain. The only good thing it 's done for me (except prevent pregnancy) is I am losing weight even though I 'm eating more because of the constant hunger. It seems to have made my metabolism go crazy. I 've lost 5 pounds in the 4 weeks since I had the injection. Majority of people gain weight though I read.
I 've been taking Wellbutrin for about 1 month.  I really want this medication to work but I 'm having all side effects.  Started with a bad taste in my mouth and went to headache and really dizzy and nauseous. ( I will go off if this doesn 't go away).  Today I 'm having some chest pain but it feels a little worse than the anxiety chest pain I was having so I 'm not sure what to think of that.  I have been on Prozac and then Celexa for 10 years and I wanted to try this for the less sexual side affects.  That has worked and I feel more sensitive to the things that should make you cry.  I really want this to work but the side effects are hard.  I 'll stick with it and hope they go away soon.
I was on this pill for a month and a half over that time I lost what feels like half the thickness of my hair, clumps falling out everyday. I decided to stop the pill to see if it was the true cause and 4 days later my hair stopped falling out. I would not recommend this pill to anyone
You get very itchy and nausea,  don 't like it.All blood pressure medicines have terrible side effects. More research has to be done on these medicines.
The jury is still out on Kyleena. Insertion day was 1 week ago. It was horrible!!! I took a Tramadol pain pill 45 min before insertion and I could still feel the pressure. I became nauseated 1 hr after insertion. I spent the next 4 hrs rolling in bed calling on the Lord to stop the pain. I vomited 4 times in a row after emptying everything out of my colon. Then I slept 3 hrs. Oh, I have bled everyday sense insertion!!!!
Am taking daily 2.5mg Ramipril capsules, Warfarin (5.5 mg) and Simvastatin (10mg).  During this period of about 1 year, I have suffered increasingly from gastric pains located at the base of the sternum.  The pain comes on at between 3 and 4 am, despite taking Lansoprazole which confers protection for only about  3 hrs.  I suspected the Ramipril as the cause of the acid flush  in the early hrs.  Have tried stopping the Ramipril. Result: gastric pains gone but blood pressure uncomfortably high!  Not even taking Lansoprazole.
I was on Tri-Sprintec for a year and a half. It 's very effective against pregnancy, I believe it helped with acne. I didn 't experience any weight gain, However, I did go through a very traumatic 4 month phase before I stopped taking it. Let 's see,  I had anxiety attacks. I 've never in life had anxiety attacks, not even anxiety.  I was moody 21 days and happy the 5 days while on my cycle.  I was paranoid, scared, cried a lot and had rage.  I stopped taking tri sprintec, and boom, pregnant with twins.  But ever since I stopped taking tri sprintec, I haven 't experienced any of those things yet, and my twins are 2 years old
Been on Nexplanon since April 2015. Positives: Don 't have to worry about daily or weekly birth control regimens. No pregnancy. Negatives: Bleeding! Bleeding and more bleeding. My normal cycle not on this drug was at most 5 days. When I first started on nexplanon my cycle was 7-8 days; which wasn 't too bad. After 6 months cycle increased to more like 9-10 days and was more unpredictable. Now, almost a year in, I 've been on my cycle for 15 days. I 'm so over it! I really tried to give this drug a chance to adjust but it seems to just get worse as time goes on. Made an appointment for removal. Good luck! Lol.
I suspect causation between Micardis (40mg) and BPPV. I 've missed my dose a couple of times, blood pressure rocked up to 140/90 's and I felt great the following day. Normally BP is 120/80 's on 40mg but I feel like crap with a general level of dizzyness through the day. Sparadoic episodes but this BPPV episode has lasted 6 months now.  Worse in morning and means lying down/standing up takes special headmoves to minimise dizzy episode.
Had Colonoscopy yesterday with Propofol.   Heard about Versed &amp; asked about it.  Surgery Ctr.  said they had it, but Propofol was preferred because of the better recovery result.  Went out like a light.  Woke up in recovery bay &amp; felt pretty good after a few minutes.  Got home, started feeling dopey again, couldn 't concentrate. No appetite. Forced myself to eat, but didn 't help.  After 2 hrs, laid down and was out for 5 hrs.  Got up, had juice and jello.  After 2 hrs. had to go back to bed.  I 'm better today, still a bit weak.  My sister had same procedure recently.  She was knocked out &amp; came through fine. She may have had same drug with better results.  I 'm on Obamacare &amp; that 's more bad than good.  Maybe Versed not allowed, who knows.
Not the best I don 't even know why I stayed on it as long as I did, gave me a UTI the second month and never had one before that lost weight the only good thing was I didn 't get pregnant.  It kept giving me UTI 's though so I had to stop using
Was on  this medication, 3 X a day for 7 days,  for a recurring bladder  infection.  Burning and frequent urination cleared up by the 2nd day. No side effects. However, within 10 days after the last dose the full blown symptoms came back.
I am 22 and underwent Oophorectomy surgery following 2 massive ovarian cysts on each ovary. Right out of surgery I was prescribed Prempro and had to take it. I experienced hot flashes for the first few days. The Dr told me that if I felt bloated I can skip a week and I will have a small period, which I have done. I had cramps and sporadic bleeding, but the bloating never went away. I have gained a lot of weight that has been really hard to lose and I have been on this medicine for only 3 months. I also have really bad acne all over my face that I haven 't had since Junior High. Once I go back to the Drs I will be asking to try another Hormone Replacement Therapy.
I have been on Gianvi for four months. I 've been on birth control since I was fourteen (I am now 19) for irregular periods and with Gianvi, I didn 't have any periods. I was okay for the first couple of months, but now, at the fourth month, I have no periods, migraines all day, everyday, spotting instead of a period, sharp cramps during the time when my period was supposed to come, I am unable to wear my contacts now (they hurt SO bad and end up giving me a headache if I force myself to wear them [even with BRAND NEW pairs]. It is pretty effective when it comes to preventing pregnancy because I did miss a few pills, but in the the past, with other brands, I 'd miss pills and NEVER have any side effects. Now on NuvaRing.
I was prescribed this drug to alleviate the pain of Trigeminal Neuralgia. What a terrible experience. Only 4 days into it and I became overly down on the world and virtually everything in it. I was so saddened by everything around me. I was unable to simply look at photos of my children that I had easily done in the many years prior to this week, without any sort of difficulty whatsoever. Not really sure why it affected me in this manner so I went back to the Dr. He said that this medication is sometimes prescribed to help other people deal and cope with bipolar disorder, mania, and he mentioned a couple of other things too. I hope that this medication is more helpful to others that may try it for this purpose or the others too.
I believe this medicine is making me more agitated.  I am in pain as I am waiting to have knee replacement in a month, but I did not act this way with my first knee pain which lead to knee replacement.  I am acting so extremely different, crying, cussing, being ashamed, sharply irritated, over and over.  I say and think the ugliest things, then I 'll cry over a commercial or something out if the blue.  I feel like I 'm going crazy.  I believe part of this is due to my doctor instructing me to abruptly stop taking cymbalta 30 (was low level bc I have increased liver enzymes) to Fetizma 40.  No tapering down from Cymbalta or ramping up on Fetizma. I have taken Cymbalta for years.   Could this be it?  If so, when will it end.
I jumped onto Levlen just under a week ago and since then I have been CONSTANTLY nauseous, to the point that I can 't even concentrate at work. I have not actually vomited but the nausea is debilitating! I thought maybe I should have a good meal before taking it, so did so but no success came of it. Calling my dr today to switch meds!
Tried weekly Boniva and had severe flu symptoms each time and had to stop taking it.  That was approximately 1 yr ago. Now taking once monthly. Thought it was okay no flu but having diarrhea and pain in upper thigh after taking twice. Just had 3rd one yesterday and diarrhea is bad.
I 'm into my second month of tri sprintec&amp; I 'm always moody, depressed, nausea &amp; cry for no reason. My relationship has gone downhill &amp; I easily get upset. I used to be a cheerful person but lately I don 't even smile anymore. I started out on ortho tri cyclen &amp; only switched to tri sprintec at Wal-Mart because it 's $9 there &amp; $29 1st Publix.  I 'm ready to go back to depo but I read it causes calcium decrease. Just not sure anymore about these birth control methods.
My mother (74) was prescribed Aricept when she was diagnosed about 5 years ago. She had very few side effects and seemed less anxious. However, there was no noticeable change in cognitive function, which has deteriorated fairly rapidly, especially in the last 2 years. It is hard to say whether the drug had any positive effect as I will never know what my mother would have been like without it. It may or may not have slowed the progression of the Alzheimer 's.
I suffered a compression fracture at L2, and I have had a failed posterior lumbar interbody fusion at L4 five and L5 S one. I am disabled and only want a life that is worth living. My New pain management physician started me early this week on Nucynta ER 100 mg every 12 hours, and for break through pain to take oxycodone acetaminophen 10/325 four times daily. I 'm not getting much relief from the Nucynta ER 100 mg. I am very disappointed. I will consult with my doctor to see what he feels I should do. I am so unhappy with our government, that is harassing people that are 10 times more educated than they are, on &quot;proper prescribing behavior&quot; for the treatment of chronic pain. This is a disgrace to the USA!
I had Nexplanon for 4.5 years. My first one was GREAT! Aside from hurting when they put it in, and skin sensitivity at the insertion point for about a month, it was great birth control. It 's more effective than tubal ligation. And you don 't have to remember to take any pills. You can 't get baby fever and decide to stop taking birth control. It 's temporarily permanent.I had the first implant removed at 3 years, and had my 2nd one inserted. It was placed deeper in my arm than the first one. No skin sensitivity, but from insertion, I had SO many side effects with the second one. Weight gain, periods that would last 10+ days every 4-6 weeks. Random brown spotting. Mood swings. Hormonal acne. Got it removed. Hallelujah!
Lost ten pounds in eight days. I believe it was water weight as I was having to get up 5 to 6 times a night to pee. Starting my fifth week I have  lost less than two pounds as everyday it goes back and forth one pound. I had all the side effects, right now being the constipation. It has caused anxiety which I had to be medicated for a few years back. Have noticed that when I get hot I get sick but if I stay cool I am fine. I DO NOT EAT. Rarely hungry then I will get sick from not eating, so I do not understand why the weight is dropping off.
Was really disappointed. I started at 10mg (have taken Ambien IR 10mg for 2yrs). It actually worked great - maybe the first sleep aid that made me feel genuinely, naturally sleepy, not drugged and sedated. But after I went to sleep, I had 3 hrs of horrible, vivid nightmares that woke me up every 5 minutes panting &amp; sweating. I also experienced sleep paralysis for the first time in my life. It was absolutely terrifying. I tried to keep at it for a few nights as several people have said the side effects go away quickly, and even tried only taking 5mg, but it was intolerable. Too bad. It is maybe worth noting that I take a handful of other meds including Seroquel, Klonopin, Lamictal, etc.
I am prescribed 3 7.5/750mg Vicodin a day.  I have been on pain medication for nearly 3 years because I have several things wrong with me. I am a 25yo single mother of a 6yr old and live alone.  I can NOT take care of myself/house/child without crying in pain.  This medication takes the edge off but never takes my pain below a 5. 
I 've been on depo for about a year, and at first I absolutely loved it. No periods and no noticeable side effects at first. However, I started noticing frequent mood swings and often feelings depressed. On top of that, I have also had painful intercourse and my OBGYN says this is because of decreased estrogen levels which cause women to be less &quot;wet&quot; - which she said is very likely to be caused from the shot. I 've also had serious trouble losing weight since I 've been on the shot. Don 't do it!!
I have been taking Sprintec for about one month. I switched off of YAZ which gave me intense mood swings, other than that I had no issues with YAZ, but it was expensive as well. My OBGYN put me on Sprintec. I have missed a pill twice and had to double up the next night, both nights I was up getting violently ill, for 10 hours. I 've missed school because of this. I am going to wait 2 months and see if this stops, if not I will be switching. If I get an yeast infection this month I will not continue another month that 's for sure.
When I first started on minocycline (Akamin 50) It worked perfectly and cleared my severe cystic acne in weeks. But after being on it for 4 months I started getting side effects. Nausea which would make me gag and almost vomit, even from sipping on water. Vomiting, which got more severe as I stayed on the medication, I would vomit up to 3 times a week, and would randomly wake up in the middle of the night and instantly vomit. Severe diarrhea, which I would get every day. My skin started to fall off in large chunks, but only on the bottom of my feet. I started this medication when I was 16 (in October 2015) started getting side effects in February 2016, 4 months after starting it, and then finally stopped taking it when I was 18 (March 2017)
I do not use Epiduo, but I am an esthetician, I read a lot of reviews and I just really needed to say this: BPO os extremely drying and irritating to almost anyone and SHOULD NOT be used daily if you no longer have the breakout! If you are experiencing dryness and redness, that is the BPO working, but once your breakout is dried out you should stop using Epiduo and switch to a Salicylic product so you are not stressing your skin and causing more damage than good! If you are especially sensitive to the BPO, maybe try it every other day until your breakout is cleared up. Okay I just had to share that info! Remember, you all are gorgeous, and positive thinking is like magic sometimes ;)
I was on Seroquel from November of 2014 to September of 2015. This medicine, was terrible. By the end of me being on it I was up to 400mg. Before I started taking this medicine I was losing weight, and bam all the weight I lost came back. I was sleeping all the time, I didn 't have the energy to do the things I loved. My mood swings were getting worse. I hated myself on it. it was awful.
I hate this so much. Although I had no pms symptoms, light spotting instead of a period, and never got pregnant once.  This is still the WORST birth control I 've ever been on. I used to have long, soft, smooth hair and because of this shit my hair is a grease pit. Even if i just got out of the shower it looks like I haven 't showered in years. It 's absolutely disgusting!!! I 've been off of this for 7 almost 8 months and my hair is still profusely greasy, I can 't stand it. I 'll never go back to this  birth control.
Firstly it took me a while to fall asleep even though I was drowsy when I turned off my light.  And I woke up almost every hour.  I already have sleep problems but this pill made them much worse.
After 3 doses of 875mg Augmentin for Ear infection had severe abdominal cramping and diarrhea...no relief for the ear...had to call Dr fro different Rx
This medicine helped me a lot at first, helped me get motivated to get out of bed, etc. Now I 'm extremely irritable and very snappy with my husband and daughter. I have also had some very bad fits of rage. I 've just put in a crisis call after I caught myself about to hurt my daughter. Cymbalta is not a medicine that is working for me after taking it for a little over a month.
I 've had Mirena for 3 months now. I had inserted to control extremely heavy menstrual bleeding. Well the bleeding is no longer heavy, however I 'm spotting and also having weird discharge everyday. The insertion was a little uncomfortable and some pain for about two days afterwards. I gained about 10lbs the 1st month but I 've controlled it since and lost all 10lbs. The 1st month my acne was horrible but that decreased in the 3rd month. I called my doctor and asked to have it removed, I 'd rather have the heavy bleeding for 7 days than to have light bleeding every day for a month. She prescribed a pill for 10days that did not work at all. I want to hang in there like many have, but all the side effects are about to drive me crazy.
The first time I tried Ambien, I was told I was sleep walking with nothing on but a t-shirt.  I dont remember this at all, but was told I refused to put on my pajama pants or underwear.  The 2nd time, a couple yrs later, I  took a generic. This time I remembered microwaving a plate in the middle of the night, piling a mountain of random foods that should never be seen on same plate. I walked out my front door, locking myself out. Wearing nothing but a tank top and underwear, holding that ridiculous plate. I thought the door bell wasn 't working, as I pressed and pressed for a long time. My neighbor came out- rang it on 1st try.
I will start off by saying that everyone reacts to medications differently. This was not an enjoyable experience for me. I was on this pill for 2 years when I was 16 and 17.  I 'm now 22. This was my first form of bc and I got it because I had 10 day periods.  It did shorten my periods. No spotting. However I did get a lot side effects taking this.  I took this pill every night (so I wouldn 't forget). I would wake up with terrible nausea almost every single morning (except when I was on the sugar pills). Typically went away within an hour though. Also had breast tenderness and bloating. The nausea was what really made me hate this pill. I eventually switched to a generic of yaz. I really liked yaz! No side effects, no nausea :)
I was given Vistaril for PTSD/AAD (Acute Anxiety Disorder) and I really don 't like it. Initially it helps with anxiety but if I am stressed at all or put in a situation with stress its so much worse than without the medicine. It also makes it really difficult to function normally; I feel like I 'm wading through jello and my brain is about 4 seconds behind. We are going to try Xanax at my next visit.
I didn 't think there was a problem, no immediate reactions, 2 years and I 'd put on 1st5lb, without changing my lifestyle. My (mild) acne seemed to improve and it was great being in control of my periods. Then I became moody, emotional, combative and depressed. Really depressed. I had migraines at least 3 attacks a month, I had hypertension. And because I had put on so much weight I was trying to lose it, playing football 3 times a week and 2 times a week to the gym, no big difference and I ate less than my slim friends. I don 't smoke. I had Hypertension (185/135 being the highest reading). I stopped taking it and now I feel better, lost 10kg, happier, blood pressure is normal. Now I have polycystic ovaries, I blame that pill.
I have had bad allergies my entire life and was given many different medicines to try. This is the first medicine that actually worked for me. I took one 24hr dose yesterday at 4pm and today at 10am my nose is still clear. The only problem I had was that my blood pressure spiked up to 146/93 from a normal range of 120/70. During that time I had a terrible headache and felt extremely dizzy. I went to bed and woke up to recheck my blood pressure. It was still elevated at 127/86 and I still have a slight headache, but I can breathe.
Doctors prescribe Tramadol for pain they don 't consider severe enough for say percocet or vicodin, but severe enough that it still needs an opiate to manage the pain. Tramadol is the little brother of the opiate/opioid family. People don 't talk about &quot;Tramadol abuse&quot; but it is very addictive and for tons of people it simply does not cut it for chronic pain. My personal experience..it helps my back pain for a couple hours, but I just have to keep downing 100MG every 2 hours and I 'm not doing that. You get high off of it with little pain relief. My side effects: severe headaches, nausea, dizziness.**IF YOU ARE TAKING ANTI DEPRESSANTS research SEROTONIN SYNDROME** Can also increase depression. Stay safe &amp; check this site for drug interactions
I had stage 3 breast cancer have been through chemo, radiation and have been on Femara for 4 months.  I started on Aromasin but had terrible joint and muscle pain so my oncologist changed me to Femara.  My joints and muscles feel better but I am so tired that even my oncologist tells me I look worn out.  I will live with the fatigue as I know this medicine works.  I am 58 and I can no longer do what I did less than a year ago.  I ride a bike 40 minutes a day, I eat healthy but I just have no vitality.  I miss my old self.
Today is my second day on this RX to treat my uti. Urgency and burning come and go along with any other pain related to a UTI. I am experiencing dizziness and a very sore throat, which is very uncomfortable, I think this drug is ok for treating UTI 's.
Was great for my depression, but the side effects outweighed the benefits .I experienced vomiting on a daily basis, involuntary movements, momentary black outs, studdering, and struggling for words when in a conversation. Had to quit taking, symptoms were too much for me. On to the next.
I had experienced heavy bleeding for years resulting in anemia and just difficulties doing my normal routine.(It 's tough to go to work when you are changing a heavy duty overnight pad every hour.) Finally on May 20, 2015 at the suggestion of my GP and gynecologist I had a Mirena placed. The next few months I saw the benefit of decreased bleeding, but I gained 15 lbs, my blood pressure went up 20 points systolic, 10 diastolic, and the worst was my severe bouts with anxiety and panic. Had it removed January 4, 2016. Everything has been getting gradually better. Doc said the bleeding would return, I 've had one light period in March, none since. I 'm 52.
I was on Nexplanon for a little over a year. First, I spotted for six months straight but had no other side effects. Then I had no period for six months, and my libido disappeared. Then my libido started to come back along with my period for three weeks, with intense cramping, mood swings, night sweats and swelling lymph glands. I had it out three days ago and have just realized it also caused me to develop melasma (pregnancy mask) on my upper lip. As birth control it was good but I couldn 't handle the side effects. If you show a lot of sensitivity to hormonal methods this might not be right for you.
I got this shot about two years ago. I was told by the urologist that it was a one month shot. I had the shot becaue we wanted some time to research and decide what treatment would be best. Found out later that it was a 3 month shot! Suffered severe side effects! PSA dropped from 13 to 7, but the side effects were NOT worth it! Hot flashes with some of them causing me to nearly pass out were often (20  a day), memory problems, muscle/joint pain and on and on!Once, while teaching I suddenly didn 't know where I was or what I was doing!After radiation I was recently put on Trelstar on a MONTHLY basis, nearly the same side effects but NOT the really bad ones!
I got the nexpanon inserted a month after giving birth, during that month I lost all my baby weight. After that I gained it all back and then some, I 've worked out and watched my portions but nothing has helped. I don 't have a period but I also breastfeed so it could be due to that. The only good thing about the birth control is that it works. It has also caused terrible depression and mood swings.
Similar to Ambien but not as effective. I also experience RLS when taking Zaleplon Mg.
I tried this for 12 weeks as recommended. I lost 6lbs of water weight the first week and thats it. It made me very dehydrated which made me miserable with leg cramps during workouts. Waste of money.
When I first got the implanon I didn 't stop bleeding so my doctor gave me a medication for a few days to help. Well it 's been over a year and I still bleed every other week. I 've gained some weight too but my main issue is the bleeding. It 's such an inconvenience and I cannot wait to take it out. As a form of birth control it 's very effective and I would advise it to someone who doesn 't practice safe sex
I started this birth control about 2 months after becoming sexually active. Still being in the same relationship I have seen major changes. This medicine works great to prevent pregnancy, but I 've had uncontrollable mood swing along with bad anxiety involving my relationship. As a person that has always had long term relationships I have never felt THIS crazy about a partner. And not a good crazy. Even though I know he is faithful I constantly have panic attacks whenever he leaves from worrying about our relationships. I am, and was never, the type of women to be insecure, but this medicine is driving me insane, and would recommend trying others.
I was on Yasmin and had no issues. Went to the local health department clinic and was put on Sronyx because the clinic did not carry Yasmin. Since the switch I have had discomfort in lower abdomen, have not had a period since... not pregnant. Have lost sexual desire and have an out of control appetite for sweets. I am not happy with this and will look for a way to afford the other pill.
Saving life is most important.  However, so is quality of life. My husband of 30 years, the most stable, peaceful, fun, loving person I had ever met, completely disappeared with this drug. Physical side effects are horrible, but the potential psychological and emotional impact of this treatment can be even worse. And, it is not at all addressed by the medical community. He 's gone for support, he 's gone for counselling, but nothing seems to get through. The fact that he 's alive apparently is not enough. SO, after dealing with this for so many years, I would strongly suggest that couples fully deal with this together. Your husband/or partner will become a completely different human being on this drug - and the impact is not reversible.
Diltiazem for High Blood Pressure: Atrial Fibrillation: Atrial Flutter I took Diltiazem before surgery and then continued it after for high blood pressure.  It worked just fine for a while although the 12 hr only lasted for 4- 5 hours in my case. Then I started getting toothaches and really bad gingivitis. I did have gingivitis already. I also started feeling lousy and only by coincidence did I stop taking the Diltiazem. Two day later my toothaches were gone and my gums stated clearing up. I still thought it was a coincidence. I restarted Diltiazem again and the same thing happened again.
I 'm in a very depressed mood all the time, my doctor put me in lexapro and xanax, but my depression is still there mostly cuz of money, I got way behind and that helped put me in a depressive mood, I 'm 74 will b 75 on May 1 and took my granddaughter and her two boys ages 14 and 12 but that helped with my depression cuz supporting them put me behind in my bills, I 'm struggling, she just got a job but its temporary, the 12 yr old is a backtalker and at my age it bothers me very much. But the lexapro does help some since my doctor upped my dosage to 20 mg, I can 't put them in the street, but grandson who is 35 got divorced last yr and he helps me around the house. and I also suffer from 5 compressed disks in my low back and now travels down my leg
Breo didn 't really do anything to help my asthma. On the bright side, there were no side effects.
Been on it for 4 months. I think I 'm allergic to the adhesive.. It made the area I had it on really itchy. Not just right at the patch, it will travel about 5-8 inches around it. I hated the gummy, lint catcher look around the patch. Mine would get very loose around the 5th day. Probably due to scratching. My boobs itched like crazy! Very tender. Lots of muscle cramping wherever the site was at. Example : if I had it on my left butt check I would have Charlie horses really bad on my left leg.  And my headaches were super bad on the no patch week.
Lawnmower blade took off tip of finger. Norco didn 't help with the pain that well.
I have been on Depo for a little over a year and a half. I 've had no periods and some spotting every now and then. Being on this has given me lots of mood swings, very emotional and even depressed at times. Not to mention the very low sex drive. Plus I never knew that it made the bone density very low. Now I 'm thinking about using Implanon.
The biggest problem for me with this medicine is bad taste and lack of appetite . Everything smells horrible and I am loosing weight like crazy. Anybody else has similar experience?
I have major depressive disorder. I was put on Lexapro, the side effects were unbearable. I got switched to Prozac dosage got switched for a couple of months and then got put on sertraline, became suicidal. I gave up for a year on medications and tried exercising but still had bad depression and was tired but couldn 't sleep at all. Now, I 've been on Pristiq for 9 days and some days I 'm in amazing moods and some I 'm really quiet and still have trouble sleeping but these reviews help me not want to give up yet. Thank you!
I 've had nexplanon for a little over a year and I HATE IT. I 've gained around 50+ pounds , my mood swings are horrible. Every 5 minutes I 'm either crying or feel depressed. Every little thing hurts my feelings . I was never like this before. I 've only had two periods since I 've got it. Then none for months. The only pros is that I don 't get periods and haven 't gotten pregnant. Other than that I hate what it is doing to my body and I will be getting it out tomorrow. I 'll make another review on how I feel a few weeks after getting it out. Hopefully I lose the weight. I 'll take my three day periods over this BS ANYDAY
I was on this birth control to actually get pregnant because my periods are so irregular...I 've literally gone 9 months without a period so as you can see no periods no babies...This birth control is horrible I 've only been on it for 3 weeks now. I 've had terrible mood swings acne break outs terrible cramping to the point of going to the hospital thinking something was wrong with me. Felt very nauseous and light headed and bad headaches. By the 3rd week I had clumps of hair coming out in the shower...I 've never had any of these issues before. The only good I can give this is the fact that it made my period light and actually come on time.
I have been on Pristiq for 4 months now due to panic attacks and anxiety and after the first 3 weeks I saw great change, but a few weeks after that it seemed like it had just stopped working so my doctor doubled my dosage. Now I 'm having nightmares. If I accidentally skip a dosage my head does this really weird thing and I just can 't describe it. I am extremely irritable about every little thing or I 'm just really happy (up and down). I have no energy most days. I just want to stay in bed and do nothing. I 'm nauseated all the time. I 've actually lost about 20 pounds in 4 months bringing me down to 101 pounds. 
Taking 1200 MG twice a day &amp; still have a pain level of 7
I was on this for almost 2 months. It did its job of preventing pregnancy and it also cleared up my skin, but it wasn 't worth the side effects. I started getting anxiety attacks and debilitating depression. It got so bad that there were days I didn 't want to get out of bed. Also my sex drive was nonexistent. I didn 't want to be touched at all sometimes. All of the emotional issues and the low libido really took a toll on my relationship. When I thought this could be related to the pill, I went off. It hasn 't even been a week and I feel so much better.
I began taking Yasmin when it first came out i.e. around 1999 or so for irregular periods. My PCP recommended birth control, and after researching them all I chose Yasmin as it touted the fact that the Progestin (drospirenone) contained a diuretic. After a few months I started having anxiety, insomnia, and eventually horrible depression. On the upside, because the drospirenone is an anti-androgenic progestin, my hair grew incredibly long and thick and stupid vanity kept me on it. On balance, I would not suggest this pill as a form of birth control for anyone. I eventually gained 15 lbs after a couple of years of use, and was an emotional wreck which impacted my career. My hormones never really returned to normal after stopping it either.
Im 27 yrs old mother of 2 and I 've had the implanon for a yr and a half and the first week my mood swings were crazy, I was crying uncontrollably at times...when I got the implant I was 105 never had any weight issues in my life, now I hungry all the time, I never feel full or satisfied, I 'm now 122 and I 'm not happy about it..I wanted to wait the 3 yrs before removing it because it costs so much but Im considering taking it out very soon...also since being on this I have a full 7 day period every other week and I went to the doctor about it and all they wanted to do was pit me on the low low estrogen daily pill, I 'd I was any good at taking a daily pill I wouldn 't have gotten the implan js.
I 've been on an effective dose (100mg or higher) for over half a year and I haven 't seen any effects. My doctor first had me on lexapro, which made me nauseous, so we decided to switch to zoloft. When I first started zoloft, it gave me headaches for the first week or so, but aside from that I experienced no negative side effects. Unfortunately, I haven 't experienced any positive effects either. I 'm on zoloft for social anxiety and mild to moderate depression.The only other effect I 've noticed is more vivid dreams. So while I 'm glad that zoloft had very minimal side-effects (headaches), this just didn 't work for me. I was on 100mg a day for about two months, then 150, and finally 200. I saw no change/improvement in anxiety or depression.
I have been on this medicine for a year now. I have recently realized ( from seeing a new Dr) that I should not have been put on this med. I have to see a cardiologist to get off of Bystolic10 !? Really!? I wish I knew that before I was prescribed this. It 's never really kept my blood pressure in check 100%....so I wanted to stop taking it. But when my Dr said I had to see a specialist I was annoyed. I have come to learn that this med is why I have put on so much weight, feel so tired, deal with numb hands. 
I didn 't get the best results from this medication. Does not last long. I have to take 3X recommend does to be productive throughout the day. Not what I expected.
I have always had horrible acne as long as I can remember I had tried every product and nothing worked. I was put on accutane on September 2015 it got worse before it got better. After 4 months of being on accutane my skin was beautiful, and glowing not a single zit or scar. I was also cleaning my face day and night. I was so happy. In September 2016 my acne came back with a vengeance. But this time it 's worse. I will be going back on accutane but if it doesn 't work the 2nd time I have no idea what I 'll do. For some people it 's effective and lasts. But for me it didn 't. Hopefully the acne goes away forever!! But in the mean time I 'm using African black soap and its like accutane it gets worse before it gets better. Acne sucks!
My husband has been on Forteo after having 7 spinal compression fractures.  Since he started the injections 2 months ago, he has had increasing shortness of breath.  Any exertion causes severely labored breathing.  This is a dramatic change as he did not have this symptom before.  I 'm very worried it is the Forteo!
This medication landed me in the ER twice this week. I developed a fever that went as high as 102.6, shaking chills, the worst headache of my life (they thought it might be meningitis) and body aches and tiredness. Within a few days later, difficulty breathing, tingling hands and feet, and severe abdominal pain bat led to vomiting. This is not worth what it was prescribed for!!
I was on Nora Be for 2.5 years. Previously had taken combination pill, then was off BC for a while. Started Nora Be to alleviate my heavy painful periods. At first I was pleased because it helped the physical side effects of my cycle. But I noticed less and less regular periods (expected) with tons of other physical symptoms. Weight gain, acne, anxiousness, depression, fatigue, and BLOATING. I was so bloated all the time. I would have these horrible emotional PMS symptoms for like 3 weeks, spot for 2-3 days, normal for a week, and then back to the horrible symptoms. I just couldn 't deal with it anymore - it was affecting every area of my life. On the plus side, I didn 't get pregnant.I stopped taking it 6 months ago and feel great.
I have been on Seasonique for over 6 months. I have had continuous spotting along with cramps for the last 16 days. My doctor informed me to skip the pills at the end of the pack so that I do not have any periods due to my periods being extremely painful. However, I hate the fact that I have been spotting for over 2 weeks. I started this birth control to treat endometriosis and to regulate my periods. Yet, spotting every day is not any better. I am looking into other options right now. I don 't like bleeding all the time.
Have been on Pradaxa for 2 months. Loved it compared to warfarin but am now noticing small round bruise circles and getting the gout which I had no attacks for 9 months until I started taking this medicine. Would love to be on this but I guess side effects are catching up to me. 
While on Seasonique I didn 't notice the changes my body went through until I started doing some research , I loved only having one period every 3 months but the periods were painful bad cramps, lower back pain the first 2 days, the first 4 months were fine, then I started a month and a half long period but I stuck it out hoping it would be better, then things were going good until I started bleeding during intercourse, I went to see my doctor and she told me it was probably caused by the birth control, also since I started taking it I would get the sensation that I would faint, and I have fainted once while on it, had a little weight gain, it really messed up my hormones, guess my body didn 't like it! 
I 've been treatment resistant for depression for over 3 years now after trying numerous medications.  Took 5mg of Trintellix for about 2 weeks then moved up to 10mg for about 5 weeks.  Had some nausea/stomach issues the first few weeks with the start of the drug and the dosage increase.  Didn 't help my depression whatsoever but was super expensive (~$400 for 30 pills).  Starting coming off it about 2 weeks ago.  Got what I can best describe as  'stuffy ears '... felt like swimmers ear without the pain but it was disorienting and messed with my hearing and balance a little.
I 've only been on this birth control for a few weeks and I am experiencing crazy anxiety and EXTREME dizziness!! It 's so scary at times.  I just had a baby two months ago and can 't risk another pregnancy right now so don 't know what to do.  Not to mention I 've been bleeding for two weeks straight with crazy heavy cramps.
This pill put me in pretty deep depression.  I was extremely emotional and cried about everything all the time.  I didn 't gain weight, but it didn 't really help with acne and it caused me to get my period about 2 times a month.  I had to stop taking it because I was so sad all the time and couldn 't stand it.
2.5mg dose helped blood pressure decently (130/70 from 150/70) when at home chilling.  Not sure if it would have that effects at work under stress.  Also on 80 Edarbi.However, I am feeling very very tired, and my mind is one big fog that I noticed so clearly in meditation how unclear my mind is.  I have to get off.I trust my cardio who says he has seen little or no reported side effects on such a low dose, but not for me. Interesting many migraine sufferers find relief, so the effect on arterial dilation and other blood vessels must be good.
I broke out in hives and was very lethargic when I woke up and about 3 hours later was still tired
This was given to me after a very invasive surgery to help with pain. It was a very scary surgery. I found the med totally ineffective in helping w/my pain.
I have had my Nexplanon since February 2015 it has been great up until June 2016 when I began to end breastfeeding. I have had cramps off and on for a month I have a period for over a week stop for 3 days and starts again for another week and horrible mood swings. I have never had trouble like this on any other BC. My arm in the area of the implant hurts off and on like I am being stabbed, getting it removed asap!
I 'm prescribed 3 max MG a day for 5 years and it never has worked for me .I freak out all the time but the Dr I think gets some sort of deal due to they still want me to take them.
I 've been on this birth control for 4 months now. Once Inserted, I stopped bleeding for 2 weeks and ever since then I 've bled and spotted nonstop. I started breaking out a lot along my cheeks and chin which does mean it 's hormonal and also on my back which is something I 've never experienced before. I also swear my hair is getting thinner, everyone says otherwise but I believe I know my body the best. I have an appointment in 2 weeks to get it removed. I 'd deal with the spotting and some acne if I didn 't have to deal with thinning hair. Please remember what doesn 't work for me MAY work for you.
Hallucinations, nausea, irritability and exhausted
I am an emotional wreck. I cry about everything! My sex drive is down. My acne is worse. My cysts are inflamed, but I have STOPPED bleeding. The many different bc pills didn 't help with that. I have bled 3 ish weeks out of the month for the past few years and nuvaring is our (mine and my gyno 's) last effort before taking out my uterus (I 'm 26). I 'm really hoping that some of these side effect calm down the more my body gets used to this medicine because right now it is trading one bad situation for another.
I started taking farxiga after not being able to control type 2 diabetes . I was taking Janumet . Since I been on farxiga for 3 months it had given me yeast infections, sore throat, runny nose and frequent urination . I am going to speaks to my Dr to see if I can try somethings else the side effects are so scary and bothersome .
It did help me to quit smoking, but I became very aggressive on it and had to discontinue use.
I have been taking this birth control for 6 months and I have finally decided to stop taking it. Although it did help eliminate my acne, regulate my cycle, and prevent pregnancy, the cons outweigh the pros for me. At first I didn 't really experience too many negative side effects, but as time has gone on I have become severely depressed, moody, and unmotivated. I am constantly tired and have become extremely forgetful about even simple things. I have become overly anxious and paranoid. I did have anxiety at times before the pill, but it was never this bad. My breasts are constantly sore and I have absolutely no sex drive anymore. None at all. I know it 's this pill causing this and I need to stop taking it so I can feel like myself again.
I take 200mg od and after the 2nd dose i started feeling chest congestion, dry cough, pain in the diaphragm, loss of appetite and nausea
Brought on a wicked toothache like I 've never had before :/
5 mg causes me to cough a lot and have an irregular heartbeat.
I took this pill for 3 years and in those three years I THOUGHT nothing was wrong but I was really emotional and I got depressed before my periods. I thought I had just changed but as soon as I went off this pill all those things went away. Be highly aware of your emotional state before and during.
Received a 3 month injection 8/20 for heavy bleeding due to fibroids.  Did not stop bleeding/spotting until middle of October.  Now I need another dose and the price jumped from $10 (promo fee) to $1,100- $3,000.  Needless to say I cannot afford the next round.  Also had a headache for full 3 months.  However, my doctor said it did shrink my fibroid enough to get the ablation I need.
In my opinion its a weakist. Pain Management drug out there. I would have to take 10 4mg to get the slightest relief  and that 's on top of  wearing a 100mcg patch  fentanyl.
Hi All,After genuinely wanting to lower my Cholesterol from 8, I tried yet again a Statin for the fourth time.  I halved this medication down to 10 mg per day. My GP wanted to increase but knowing ALL statins give me muscle pain, I decided to keep the medication low. I noticed a lot of weight gain, increasing blood pressure and sense of lack energy. I radically altered my diet. Everything including cooking oil, all low fat dairy and extreme LEAN meats. Increased veges and fruit My BP went from 135/95 to 117/79 within 3 months. My Cholesterol dropped to 6.5. Was it the Pravastatin?. Maybe, VERY LOW dose however. Discontinued USE DUE to onset of worsening shoulder pain, left rib cage floating pain and left neck. Pain was becoming chronic.
My cardiologist started me on this medicine, 60 mg 2 x a day. Everytime I took a dosage, I ended up with a severe pain across my back. When I stopped taking the medication, within 24 hours the pain went away. It reminded me of the same kind of pain one gets with a kidney infection.  So I quit taking the medicine.
Stupid rash all over to treat mildUTI symptoms. I 'm stopping the medications because this rash is just getting worse.
This medicine... I feel like there is something wrong with it. The first three weeks, I was nauseous all the time. I did have a feeling of euphoria for the first couple of weeks despite the sickness. The weirdest side effects were the loss of taste and smell.  Seriously weird. I couldn 't smell any odor at all and as for taste? Nothing.  I could eat jalapenos straight out of the jar like they were m&amp;m 's. It was crazy!!! I finally stopped taking it. I was still anxious and found myself to be listless and tired, so why bother? Besides the symptoms were too much to deal with.I have been off Trintellix for almost 3 weeks now. I 'd say that my ability to taste and smell are still at 25%.  I 'm worried that they will never come back.
My doctor put me on doxycycline for my mild acne, and I saw very little difference. I was on it for two months, and still had scattered breakouts. I 'm disappointed in the results, and the side effects. I got a yeast infection twice! If you take this, take probiotics with it, or you may end up with a yeast infection.
I 've been taking Seasonique for two years. When I first started using it nothing major really changed with my body, but after the first couple of months I started to break out more often and my sex drive was practically non-existent. Two years later, the acne problem isn 't as bad, but my sex drive is still gone and during intercourse I am also dry which makes intercourse uncomfortable. This was my first birth-control and I am now switching.
Tonight will be my fourth time taking Silenor. The last few nights I have not had a solid sleep. No problem falling asleep but staying asleep is still impossible. First two nights I had very lucid dreams. Waking up only after a couple of hours as I normally do. I 'm only taking 3mg, kind of scared to take 6mg. I 've taken many other types of sleeping pills and so far, none of them work. I 'd give anything for a solid 6-8 hours.
Second night felt like someone kept sticking knives inside me. Pain was horrendous. I am 40 and have had three children with c-sections and never went thru this much trauma. Washed it off the best I could after my husband brought me to my senses then placed an ice pack there that helped me settle down. Literally sobbed for half an hour considering going to the ER before I washed it off.
I discontinued using this after 2 weeks due to the side effects I felt: nausea, sweating, dry mouth, trouble sleeping.  I think I may have lost 1-2 lbs during that time. I guess it works because you 're too sick to eat anything and lose weight that way.  It didn 't work for me.  It 's also very expensive and most health insurance does not cover it.  One month supply that I ended wasting most of the pills was $92.
I 'm on day 10  taking the pylera capsules. I 'm counting down till tonight when I finish all the meds. My experience was having mood swings and not liking to take the capsules didn 't like how I was feeling. I 'm hoping this nightmare is almost over with.
I am currently on the third month of this birth control, and will be ending it after the pack is finished. I originally went on this to clear my chin breakouts, which would not go away. My chin is now clear (with some scarring), but both of my cheeks have been breaking out on and off since I 've started this. I would say the trade off for the clear chin is not worth it. I 'm not sure if I 've gained any weight, but I did experience some mild nausea. My periods were already consistent, and this did not change that. I would not recommend this to someone, unless they have very bad acne, because the initial breakout (which for me has refused to end) is probably much worse than what you are dealing with now.
My doctor put me on Hysingla ER 20 mg on a few weeks ago. Hysingla is causing major problems for me at night. I am waking up 3-4 times every night due to pain and sleep walking. I believe I need an increase in the dosage or put me back on my original treatment of Percocet 7.5mg QID (4 times a day). I am scared that I might walk out of the house and into the road because of this medication. In the few weeks of being on this medication, I have left the house twice within three weeks. The last time this has happened was nearly 4 years ago.
Initially helped me for around 1 1/2 years, then began to lose its potency, and last two treatments had bad reaction night of treatment.  More important platelet count went from normal to around 45,000.  No longer taking Remicade and my platelet count is normal now.
Disgusting taste.  Prepare it several hours in advance and keep it in the fridge; the colder it is, the easier it is to swallow.  I likened it to a combination of sour milk and fake lemon juice. I 'm about 2.5 hours from check-in for my procedure; I began the process about 15 hours ago and the liquid is just now getting to the point where I think they 'll say I 'm cleaned enough (liquid looks like dark urine, should hopefully be light enough in an hour or so). I will NOT use this product next time.  I did pills 10 years ago and they were much easier to deal with.  This product was a horror.
I got real bad eczema shortly after having liletta inserted maybe 1 to 2 months after .... and it has only since gotten worse and I no longer have insurance to get it removed or get on another birth control .... be weary of this because it is no joy ride!! Extremely painful itchy skin!!
I only took Topamax for a short time, but the side effects were so bad I had to stop. Primarily, it made me feel goofy. I was in a cloud and had trouble remembering how to get places I went to frequently. I lost the ability to taste bubbles in beverages, and beer or soda without carbonation just wasn 't the same. In short, the nickname &quot;dopamax&quot; seemed well earned to me.
Well I had a terrible experience on this birthcontrol. I won 't say it 's a terrible birth control because I know everyone is different. But starting off I experienced mild nausea and mood swings. I was much more snippy then usual and irritable. After the first week I started getting a few deep cystic pimples, one along my jaw and another on my chin. The worst part was my first menstrual cycle, it was excruciating strong cramps like someone stabbed me, radiating to my legs and stomach. I couldn 't walk. LARGE clots, I ran thru super plus tampons every hour. I became so anemic I was advised to go to the ER by my PCP. But over all, I didn 't get pregnant? Wasn 't worth it to me. I stopped after two months I couldn 't adjust to this pill.
So I have used the samples of this medication and it worked great, but recently I got my prescription filled for it and it seemed to exacerbate cystic acne on my neck, jawline. I read the ingredients and it contains a form of silicone that can worsen cystic acne. Is the sample formulation different or did they change the ingredients recently?
I have been on Lutera for about 5 months.  Lutera has helped with cramping but has made my appetite increase significantly.  Due to this I have gained about 5-7 pounds.  Also, I can cry at just about anything.  I have never been this emotional before so I know it has to be because of the pill.  I am planning to get off of Lutera and switch to another pill.
I was prescribed Jalyn for 8 months and my Doctor terminated its use at the start of the new year. I noticed very little improvement in the need to urinate approximately every two hours at night. I experienced feelings of weakness, leg cramps, and breast pain/enlargement. I also have noticed some pain in hips and joints that may or may not be related to the medication. I feel positive about the decision to discontinue its use.
I 've started using Tri-nessa in order to skip my period -which is supposed to happen while I 'm on my Caribbean vacation.  I usually have a period that lasts 7 days.  Just last month, while on Tri-Nessa, I had a period that lasted TWO ENTIRE WEEKS!!  And I didn 't miss one pill!  I 'm terribly worried that the same thing is going to happen this month.  By the way, I never had this problem with Ortho-Tricyclen.
I am sick today, no food intake, medication reaction to Naltrexone to complete a Contrave dose.  Titrated up from 12.5 mg Week One to 25 mg Week two.  Didn 't notice much change but by Day 2 at 25 mg, nausea started getting much worse.  Couldn 't eat a thing, couldn 't even keep ginger ale down.  Although I 've lost about 2.5 pounds the first week with very little exercise and a big cheat on Easter, if this nausea and vomiting will be the norm, I 'll have to pass on it.  Not taking any tonight and will roll back dose to 12.5 mg tomorrow.  If I can tolerate that but see no more weight loss, I will chalk this one down to another plan that doesn 't work for me.. At 56 years old I 'm getting so tired of this lifetime of trying to control my weight ..
Im 27 yrs old mother of 2 and I 've had the implanon for a yr and a half and the first week my mood swings were crazy, I was crying uncontrollably at times...when I got the implant I was 105 never had any weight issues in my life, now I hungry all the time, I never feel full or satisfied, I 'm now 122 and I 'm not happy about it..I wanted to wait the 3 yrs before removing it because it costs so much but Im considering taking it out very soon...also since being on this I have a full 7 day period every other week and I went to the doctor about it and all they wanted to do was pit me on the low low estrogen daily pill, I 'd I was any good at taking a daily pill I wouldn 't have gotten the implan js.
I 'm currently on this medication for anxiety plus Lexapro also for anxiety.  It just makes me super sleepy which doesn 't work for me with having a 6m old and a 6y old. I have horrible car anxiety and I took one 15-30 min before I had to go in the car and I broke down and cried and could not feel anything at all. I was not driving thank God. It just doesn 't work for me but it does take the numbness tingly feeling I get from the Lexapro away. About the only good thing.
I started Jolessa 6 months ago. The first pack went like I had expected. I did have weight gain as well as acne which I never had before. The second pack was where everything went wrong. I bled the whole entire pack. Yep I 'm getting off this medicine.
I have been taking this drugs for a few months and started to fee off after 3 months . I have been increasing my exercise routine because I have been gaining weight and yet did not really alter my diet . I gained all the weight in the belly . My liver enzymes have changed and also I developed a skin rash on my thighs and have been feeling a tingling sensation in both arms at night to the point that I would wake up several times a night . I have decided on my own to discontinue and will talk to my doctor about it .
I used the Monistat 1 ovule and definitely can appreciate previous posts. Itching and burning is always present with a YI. This product seems to be exacerbating the itching/burning. Hopefully it will be worth it in the end. To those suffering with the increased itching: Benadryl. Take Benadryl. I will say this one more time because I know how desperate for relief we are when it feels like fire ants are attacking your vagina. Take Benadryl. It will significantly decrease, if not entirely eliminate the itching. If I come out on the other side sans YI, the itching will have been worth it.
Prescibed two arthrotec 75 daily plus two tramadol due to osteoarthritis in both knees had to drop to one arthrotec taken in the morning due to reflux and vomit during night.Feel hunger constantly even when fed.Weight hard to manage and can still feel sick and dizzy with a burbling stomach for hours after taking arthrotec
I just started my fourth month and I 'm still hopeful I 'll see my acne start to clear up. It hasn 't really seen any improvements if anything it is a bit worse. I also get my period two times a month and I called my doctor to inform her and she said after three months that should start getting regulated as well as the acne. So im hopeful with in the next two packages of Tri Sprintec my acne and cycle start responding well. A good benefit is that my breasts have grown a cup size. I will post again at the end of 6 packages of pills and how that has impacted me. Overall im still hopeful because of what my doctor told me.
I tried this because hey, who doesn 't love 5 year birth control that you basically forget about? It was absolutely awful. The insertion experience was excruciating for me. I passed out on the table and vomited. I gained 35lbs in 7 months despite counting calories/working out. I had extremely bad anxiety/depression, I would walk into a place and immediately start pouring sweat. I got terrible acne all along my jawline &amp; back. Extremely low sex drive &amp; I was so emotionless I felt like a robot. I was on the IUD for about 7 months then decided I couldn 't handle these issues anymore. The removal was easy, I didn 't even feel it. Since then I 've lost weight, acne cleared up, sweating went away, and I have emotions again. Would not recommend.
This drug reminds me of Vicadin. Which isn 't a good pain drug because of the continual dosing.   You have to continually take this clindamyacin 4x a day and I 'm not waking in the middle of the night for the 4th dose!  Ridiculous. My day is number 5 and my temples are sore.  Side affect, maybe.  Next time I think I 'll ask for the more powerful, with less doses per day.   Two doses per day, the old school way, would be better.  This is on my DO NOT TAKE LIST!.
I 've been on Contrave about a month - started the four pills ( 2 am, 2 pm) this week. I have definitely suffered the nausea and dizziness. It has definitely curbed my cravings - mostly because I feel too nauseous to think about food or drink. I 've lost a few lbs, but not sure the side effects are worth it for me. I 'm going to continue a few more weeks and hope the new dosage settles in and the side effects lessen.
Well, I guess it took away my cough but it was just a cough. It did way more than than just a cough. I stopped taking the medication 2 days ago now I 'm really mentally confused and having so much hallucinations. I know it might say that side effect online but it didn 't on the bottle. She didn 't even tell us what she was gonna give us. She just put the medications and walked out for 30 minutes and left us in there then came back and left. After the first day of taking them I started to get depressed. To the point that I won 't even eat. I lost a lot of weight and I started to have horrible hallucinations. It kept me up all night crying scared because I didn 't know what the hell was going on. Hate that she gave this at a kids Doctor.
I bought this medication this morning and took two puffs! Now I am cough cough coughing!  It did clear my sinuses but created another irritant...I do not have asthma nor suffer from year round allergies.
Have taken 10mg Topamax for 4 months, I thought I had found a preventative but after 3 months my hair was shedding more then usual. Thought I was stressed out and overwhelmed with small kiddos and hubby deployed, my dermatologist didn 't see anything very serious, like alopecia, so I continued. I began taking biotin and vitamins, but hair still kept coming out and scalp was starting to show more. I stopped completely and only lasted 4 days before a migraine wanted to come on. Luckily I took a rizatriptan in time to fight it off. Topamax worked beside the side effects of hair loss, forgetfulness, some leg cramps. Has anyone had any luck with another migraine preventative?
I am on my fourth day and still no bowel motion. Each time I took at night an hour before bedtime with water and it 's amazing because there really isn 't a taste at all. You would never know anything was added to the water. Just make sure you stir it so the water is pretty clear to keep it tasteless. I do have to say over the last 4 days I haven 't had any bloating or gas.
I was switched to Ortho-Cyclen when I began spotting on my old pill. I 've been on it for about 2 months now and have had numerous side effects: Acne, increased insomnia, increased headaches, nausea, vaginal dryness and therefore painful intercourse, long period (lasted 9 days instead of the 7 you would think from the &quot;off&quot; week). This is the first non-low dose BC pill I 've taken. I 'm not sure if it was just too much for me or if the drug itself just was not a good fit for me. The generic Sprintec is nicely priced, though, compared to Loestrin 24, which I used to take and has no generics yet. I 'm hoping to switch back to my old pill - loved it!
I get frequent urinary tract infections and was prescribed Bactrim by a doctor at an urgent care center because Macrobid made me pretty nauseous and really tired. It seemed to clear up the infection well but made me extremely sick. I vomited constantly while on Bactrim. I ended up missing four days of school before deciding I couldn 't keep taking it and called urgent care for a new prescription. The doctor I talked to when I called said I should never have been prescribed Bactrim because people who don 't tolerate Macrobid well usually have even worse side effects while on Bactrim. Since then I have been prescribed Keflex when I get a UTI and have had no side effects at all.
I have Menieres Disease and taking Ativan helps settle my balance down so I can go to work and function.
Cured my acne but made me incredibly dizzy and I suffered from headaches. It is the only thing that has ever worked for my severe acne and I am very sad to stop taking it but the side effects are just unbearable. I 'm trying doxycycline now and my fingers are crossed!
Does not work during the night.
I was originally in love with this prescription birth control.  I had terrible periods and ovarian cysts. My doctor suggested I have a pill that allows my period to only occur every 3 months, which I loved. It was until recently that I noticed that over the last 6 months, I 've gained 20 lbs!!! Going into spring 20 lbs heavier is crazy. I also experienced abdominal pain and menstration pain. I love the space between periods and but I don 't love the weight. I will be switching back.
I was on the patch for about 4 months, and while it did a great job at preventing pregnancy, the side effects were too much for me. Because this is placed outside your body, the estrogen in this is a lot higher than a typical pill. I have naturally tan/olive skin, and this caused melasma (severe skin darkening) all around my mouth and I use sunblock everyday. Also, my emotions were a mess when on the patch. I had two of the biggest anxiety attacks on this pill, after the second one I immediately took the patch off and felt better within hours. I 'm happy to see that there are many women that this birth control method works for though, but I 'll have to keep looking.
I get frequent urinary tract infections and was prescribed Bactrim by a doctor at an urgent care center because Macrobid made me pretty nauseous and really tired. It seemed to clear up the infection well but made me extremely sick. I vomited constantly while on Bactrim. I ended up missing four days of school before deciding I couldn 't keep taking it and called urgent care for a new prescription. The doctor I talked to when I called said I should never have been prescribed Bactrim because people who don 't tolerate Macrobid well usually have even worse side effects while on Bactrim. Since then I have been prescribed Keflex when I get a UTI and have had no side effects at all.
I was on trulicity .75 for two weeks and was just upped to 1.5...my first injection went fine till I woke up next morning with severe body aches in all my joints and having stomach aches and diarrhea. That lasted for about a week. I took second .75 shot and no body aches but still get the occasional stomach ache and still having diarrhea, have to stay close to a bathroom. I lost some weight even tho only been two weeks, but maybe just because I 'm on the toilet so much seems more goes out than in. My sugars didn 't go down as much as I wanted but are definitely better. So in a few days I start 1.5 I hope this will do the trick.
I have only been on Sronyx for a week and a half and I already feel as if I am gaining a large amount of weight. I took Aviane for a year prior (I was off birth control in between Aviane and Sronyx for about a year) and found that I lost weight on that pill. I 'm wondering if weight gain is just an initial side effect of Sronyx and that I 'll eventually go back to my normal weight?
I 've been on this medication for about 2 months and I 've already gained 15 pounds. I 'm not complaining about bigger boobs and a bigger butt, but when your starting weight is only 102 gaining that much weight makes me feel huge! I initially went on it to help with bleeding between periods and it did a great job of stopping that, but I 'm scared to keep taking it because I 'm gaining soooo much weight!
I 've been on contrave for 5 weeks now.  I need to lose about 40lbs.  I 've lost 5 so far.  The first week I felt high as a kite.  2nd weekend nausea. 5th week in I still horrible bouts of dizziness, nausea but the worst is the fatigue.   A few days ago I had to pull my car over driving home from work as I fell asleep at the wheel!  To give you some backround on me I 'm 45 yr old female, non smoker,  I work out at the gym 4 times a week, in general fairly healthy.  This being said it discourages me how this drug makes me feel.  It hasn 't even killed my appetite.  I still crave.  I eat a little less but it 's not the miracle drug some users have reported.  The nausea, extreme fatigue, dizziness scares me. Don 't think I can handle contrave anymore
Increased dose from 1mg to 2 mg now urinating in bed every night
I was on Solodyn for about 6 months - the amount of time an acne medication is supposed to take to give you clear skin. While on it, I still had frequent whiteheads on a daily basis. Once off of it, I noticed more pimples popping up, but still - it didn 't even get me anywhere close to having clear skin. I 'm still looking for better medications. I have been dealing with this for two years and no solution yet.
First had the implant when I was 24, it was great, lost weight, periods lighter and less painful, bit of acne but I 've always had that. 2nd one was rubbish. But my 3rd and current one I had fitted when I was 29 (I 'm 31 now) its just been awful. Firstly I 've piled weight on like mad, I don 't have the healthiest eating habits but I don 't have the worst either. I 've put on nearly 2 stone!! Considering I do regular sport and exercise!! Then there is the mood swings and the anger, I 'm just horrible!! Irregular bleeding and spotting, cramps all the time, lower back ache, greasy skin and hair, anxiety (which I already had but this has made it worse). Seems like if your lucky your ok on the first one, then it seems to go down hill after that. AVOID!!!!!
I started linzess june 1. The first day it worked with pain and bloating. I overlooked all of that because I 'm in desperate need of having a normal bowel movement. Mind you if I don 't take a laxative I will not go for up to two weeks. The second day nothing, thrid day nothing and so on. What gives I followed the directions and everything.  I started gaining weight also. I just came to the conclusion that I will take it on and off. Its not working for me anyway and gaining weight is a no no!
I 've been on Arimidex 4 years and 1 month, prior to which I took Tamoxifen for 5 months.  During the first year I developed a frozen shoulder, which my oncologist said could be due to the Armidex, extreme joint stiffness which gradually subsidized and ended after 9-12 months, intense hot flashes which as of this year are lessening, insomnia, vision issues (detached retina - but am also very myopic), pronounced facial aging, dry skin (am 57 years old) and thinning hair.  I also experienced depression and mood swings beginning 3 months after the start of Arimidex.  I never took medication for it but am finding that it has also gradually lessened over the last 1 1/2 yrs.
I am 28 and have taken Trinessa for 2 months. The first month I noticed I was pretty emotional as is crying a lot feeling very depressed especially the week before the placebo pills, also really painful periods that I thought bc pills usually help I 'm on the 2nd pack and it 's the week before my period, I cried for 2 days and actually felt like I didn 't want to be around anymore. I never thought a pill could make you feel that way but I found other reviews that said the same. I just could not figure out why I was feeling like a crazy person until I realized its once again the week before my period. Please just be careful if you have any depression to start with.  Pros, clear skin and no weight gain.
I had this implanted June 22nd 2015 August started feeling pregnant thought it was just the side effects gained 15 lbs all belly!!! I already have 3 kids was on the pill and got pregnant each time do thought I 'd try something new...well it 's November and I 'm almost 6 months pregnant which obviously mean that I was pregnant before I got it..pregnancy test was negative. But any who lol the only REAL problem I had was the constant pain in my arm due to the implant...every other sickness and symptoms was because I am actually pregnant..ughhh I will not be trying this after the baby because I will be getting the tubal procedure!
Been on the pill for three months. Originally because I 'd get my period for 7-8 days very heavy and it would make me anemic. Although it 's helped with the heavy bleeding I 'm getting my period every 2 weeks accompanied by the bad headaches.  I decided that the 7-8 days once a month no pill is a better option.
I 'm 32 yrs old. I went on Depo-Provera for 3 months and it was horrible. I constantly felt like I was running a fever and sweating like crazy. I had horrible PMS but no period. The only good thing about it was the convenience.
My gyno prescribed this pill to help with my menstrual cramps. My gyno warned that spotting was the most common side effect of this pill. The first four weeks there was nothing, all was well other than a little nausea while adjusting to the new pill. I started week 5, the first week in the second container and instantly started spotting. At first it was nothing serious, nothing a panty liner couldn 't handle. About a week goes by and the bleeding became much heavier. I 'm now going through 3-4 tampons a day. Called the DR and he said it 's just my body getting used to it and to stick it out for the rest of the 3 month pack and after that my body should be adjusted. Wish me luck, the cramps &amp; bleeding are worse now than before.
I went to Urgent Care for what turned out to be a kidney stone. I was in severe pain and they finally (after begging) gave me Toradol in my IV. It took quite awhile to just take the edge off. It lasted about 3 hours. When I left, they gave me another pain killer that nicely did the trick!
I have been on a low hormone pill for almost 10 years, this one has been the worst. I 've been taking Gildess for about 4 months now and have noticed the worst of the side effects within the last two months. I 'm incredibly moody, kind of depressed (weird highs and lows), almost no sex drive whatsoever and have gained about 10 pounds. I really don 't feel like myself anymore and unfortunately it took me a while to figure out that it was the birth control that has been causing this. I will be switching ASAP.
I 've been on this medication for about 3 months. I titrated up slowly and really found no difference in my symptoms. Not sure if things would be worse without it. My depression has definitely gotten worse and I 'm not sure if it 's a direct medication side effect or I 'm just totally depressed that nothing I try takes my pain away. I think it 's causing my morning anxiety. My doctor just prescribed Neurontin in addition to Savella. I 'm glad it 's helped so many other people, though.
I had Botox treatments for my migraines for about a year and a half.  I was thrilled as it completely took away my migraines and I had no side effects.  I had my life back.  Then last August I went to get my regular 3 month injections at 4 p.m.  By  7 p.m. that evening I experiencing dizziness.  By the next day I had a severe headache, next pain, dizziness, trouble swallowing, pain in my shoulders, etc.  It was terrible.  My doctor told me he didn 't think it was from the Boxtox, but that I probably caught a virus at the same time I got the shots.  Seriously?  Here I am, 3 months later, and I can hardly hold up my head.  I have headaches, shoulder pain, neck pain, pain and numbness going down my arms.  The dizziness has never gone away.
I have taken Levaquin many times for my sinuses and have had 2 sinus surgeries.  I am currently on my 38th day of 750mg and have 11 more days to go of taking it.  We are doing this for so long as a last resort before doing surgery again.  I can not tell that it is doing much good this go around.  It does not allow me to rest well so I take it in the morning but  I can honestly say that I am over the vomiting daily because of it.  It also gives me the shakes and just a very bad overall feeling until lunch or so.
Good.
I have been on Yaz for about a year and a half. I just switched today to a different pill. I gained about 10 pounds on Yaz. It made me impossible to deal with. I was so uncontrollably moody, and it made my acne worse. Hopefully the new stuff will help.
Paxil helped me a great deal.  Took around 6 weeks to work but well worth the wait.  I feel like a new person, highly recommended.
I was put on Nexplanon in September after having my son in July. I had heard you either love or hate it but I figured I would be fine on it because I never had side effects on other medicines. Boy, was I wrong. My anxiety heightened, my depression worsened, I got terrible acne, I got awful migraines and I bled nonstop for two months. I was also tired and had no energy. I didn 't even feel like myself anymore. After having it for four months, I got it removed. My OB said that basically the Nexplanon implant was causing my body to think it was going through menopause. I guess that 's the price I had to pay for the convenience of not having to remember to take a pill daily.
I tried by Bystolic when it first came on the market and after several days experienced what I believe a heart attack would feel like had the same issue with 2 other beta blockers doc made the choice to stay away from the beta blocker class but at 33 my body said something was wrong after many tests and docs I learned I had tachy-Brady syndrome my blood pressure on 5 meds was high and my pulse was climbing averaging 120 the option I was given was surgery or medication so I tried a slight dose 2.5mg of Bystolic and as they warned me it dropped my pulse so much i couldn 't function but half of that dose has lowered my heart rate enough to get me into the safe zone and my blood pressure is slightly lower with no side effects
I have been on my period for well over a month after just forgetting one pill. I also have all of the horrible side effects including cramps, bloating, and breast tenderness.
Works fast and was effective for me, but the side effects left me in never-never land.  Could not think straight, had no short-term memory, was dizzy, and had no sense of time.  Good Luck and keep trying till you find one that works for you.
I 've been taking this medication for quite awhile, and while it worked at first, I noticed that I quickly started building up a tolerance to it. Every couple of weeks, my dose is increased, and it 's been very frustrating. While it does get me to sleep, it doesn 't help me stay asleep. Also, there has been a tremendous amount of weight gain, which I can 't lose even with diet and exercise. Great for short term, not for long term.
Loved it at first. Regular light periods 3-4 days no weight gain no cramping, and I could skip my period it was like heaven in the form of a tiny pill. Then unexpectedly after all these years of being on it at the age of 24 I woke up with extreme pain in my right arm inner elbow area I couldn 't bend my are all the way or extend it completely without having pain. I thought maybe I pulled a muscle or something but after a week of pain and discomfort I went to the emergency room where I was diagnosed with a deep vien thrombosis (blood clot) I had to be ambulanced to another hospital and spent 5 days on the surgical floor because they thought they would have to remove it. Thousands of $ 's in hospital bills that I struggled to pay at 24
I 've got one toe with fungal infection, have tried everything. Using Jublia for 5 months now.  Some improvement, better than anything else.  I would like to keep using this, however the price is ridiculous.  The cost is $1000 a month.  After insurance, I 'm left with nearly $300/mo for this medicine. HOW can this possibly cost this much?? For one toe I can 't justify this.  I 'm very disappointed as I think it will probably clear this toe up but seriously....GREEDY company...
While it brought the TSH into the appropriate range, the exhaustion, lethargy, constipation, etc. was unbearable.  For 20 hours out of the day, felt drowsy, unmotivated and sleepy.  This is no way to live.  Got on Tirosint and what a difference.
The only thing Loestrin succeeds at doing is preventing pregnancy.  I 've experienced weight gain, crazy spotting that is disruptive to everyday life, extreme anger, frustration, depression, etc.
I 'm taking it now. I experienced side effects that are making me get off it. I have severe chest pain, smoke more, sweat like crazy, happier then normal, don 't eat, drink liquids all day and night.
So I had BAD adverse affects to the Depo Provero shot.. SO bad that  I lost my job. I had bad fevers for 6 months.. It felt like my body was on FIRE..No energy and it triggered hypothyroidism in me. I 'm only 37. I have finally got to feeling better, the shot is out of my system as of a couple weeks back, losing weight now. No period yet, but my gyno said the next thing he could do is Depo Lupron.. needless to say I 'm TERRIFIED! It 's only the month shot, but I 'm still scared to death. I already suffer with mental illness. I just wanted a hysterectomy to get this nightmare over with, so I could get back to life and never worry about this crap again. If you have any insight, let me know Thx.
I have acquired swelling edema in both ankles.
Not great med. Gained lots of weight. 15mg I was like a zombie. Tired alot and twitching.
I took 100mg of XR and it worked pretty well to stabilize my bipolar tendencies. However, it made the whole world feel bland and neutral... nothing in my life felt particularly exciting or even depressing. Also, if I didn 't sleep at least 10h per night, I would feel drowsy and out of it the next day. I was literally a walking zombie and waking up in the morning was a true battle. My doc told me that the tiredness would go away after a couple of weeks/months but after a little more than 7 months the effects were still the same so I stopped taking it.
I got my arm implant on May 24th and so far everything was good, no weight gain, headache , no side effects... But I was due to have my period on June the 18th, however I started spotting since the last Saturday, and it will be a week in about three days.I started this birth control because I couldn 't remember to take my pills, and I have irregular and painful periods without.I hope this spotting will not last long, since I will spent two month holidays in the Caribbean and I don 't want to get annoyed by the spotting.Sorry for making making mistakes, I will improve my english !
I 've been on this birth control for a month and needless to say it 's been a nightmare. I had clear skin before starting, and for this entire month I 've had cystic pimples all along my jaw line and neck, and pimples around my mouth and chin. My boobs swelled A LOT and they always hurt, my mood swings are horrendous and to top it off, I bled for 2-1/2 weeks straight. Sorry but I don 't have the patience to wait 3 months or longer for that kind of stuff to level out. I 'll be discontinuing.
Controlling portions, and mostly eating salads, I was only able to lose 6 pounds in 6 weeks. It hit a plateau after that.
I tried Celebex for degenerative disc disease, and for pain associated with upper back surgery (spinal fusion). It didn 't work well. And because I was in a stressful profession my doctors worried about heart issues associated with Celebrex. I changed to Norco 7.5/325 5 years ago and it has worked very well along with physical therapy. I 'm a 53 year old male.
I got this bactrim dm antibiotic prescribed to me for prostatitis/ uti symptoms not to long ago.. I took the medication twice a day for about a month!!! Some days were better then others.. if i would take it with an empty stomach and not enough water to swallow the big chunky tablet my lips would feel some kind of burning sensation going on and I would just feel kind of itchy all over. If I would take it with food and about two glasses of water I 'd be perfectly fine! Anyways I don 't know why but even after a month of taking the medication twice a day everyday, my uti symptoms are still their! They 're not as bad as they were before I started taking the antibiotics.. but they 're some what still noticeable.. grrrrrrr!
I got my Mirena inserted in November 2016. Since then, I 've been bleeding nearly every day, with heavier cycles of bleeding approximately every two weeks. I have no clue what 's my actual period and what 's not. My doctor said that if bleeding doesn 't stop by 6 months it likely never will so I 'm not sure where to go from here? Has anyone ever had an IUD in for 6+ months with constant bleeding and then it all of a sudden slowed or stopped? I really don 't want to get it removed because it is nice not having to worry about other forms of birth control, I can 't take the pill for other medical reasons so this was my next best option. Just extremely frustrated
I took Seasonique for only two weeks, but I quit because of the severe and immediate mood changes I experienced while on it.  I have an anxiety disorder, and when I started taking Seasonique, I started feeling more irritated/anxious.  After that, my mood plummeted into a depression.  I felt like crying or screaming all the time.  I also developed acne, breast tenderness, and extreme bloating.  When I stopped the pill, I started a period even though I had a period two weeks prior.  When I stopped taking Seasonique, my mood improved.  I have taken the pill before and never had this reaction.  I am now going to get the Mirena IUD to treat my endometriosis/adenomyosis.
I decided in 06/08 after I had my 3rd child to do something more long term, so I chose Implanon. At the time of insertion I weighed 167, and now after 15 months. I have been stuck at 194. I also have have been bleeding for 15 months with an occasional 3-7 day break. I am constantly using tampons, and panty liners. My sex drive is awful, I don 't even think about it. The sex drive and the bleeding is putting a damper on my marriage, and has made my husband kranky. The last 3 weeks I haven 't bled. I 'm hoping I have either stopped for good, or its making me a little curious if I am pregnant. I go to the Doctor on the 15th and I am going to see what other options I have.
I 've never taken birth control pills before. After taking these birth control pills, I 've noticed a drastic change in my behavior. It 's only been a couple of weeks of taking them and I stopped. I 've never felt lethargic and depressed in my life. I 've noticed, everything bothered me and I would get upset easily. No desire to have sex at all. I didn 't gain weight or breakout but I did crave junk food (which I don 't eat). Overall, I guess it depends on the person. As for me, it definitely was a no go!
My doctor switched me from Marvelon to Apri about 7 months ago. I suddenly started gaining weight, no change in diet and probably more exercise. It has made my periods fairly regular but I cannot afford to gain anymore weight because it is affecting my overall health. I am considering getting off Apri and choosing a different pill.
I have been on Humira for over 4 months now with minimal results. I now have psoriasis in places I never had it before. So my Doctor just took me off Humira and I am now going to try Enbrel. Sometimes what works for one person does not work for everyone. I sure miss the Methotrexate, it was a great for 3 years, but cannot take it anymore due to it messing up my bone marrow, which is finally starting to go back to normal after 6 months. Good luck everyone.
My dermatologist gave me Acanya to use in the mornings. My acned improved a little in the beginning but then returned/got worse. It works differently for different people.
I started Vyvanse about 5 months ago.  My doctor first had me on Focalin which helped, but didn 't seem to get me all the way there.  Since I have generalized anxiety disorder he started with Focalin.  He said Focalin was a gentler medication.  After about 2 weeks he started Vyvanse at 20mg. I really started to like the medication: more focus, motivation.  I have worked my way up to 50mg.  After a couple of weeks on each dose, the medication doesn 't last the whole 12 hours.  I do really like the medication.  I just hope that I don 't have to keep going up with the dosage.
Had my Nexplanon inserted on March 24th, 2015 after my friends giving me great reviews. Starting May 2015 I bled for 6 months straight. The bleeding ended up leading to Vaginitis which put me in the ER for the first time in my life! Doctor said to give it six months to see if it would stop, it did and I haven 't had a real period since August 2015. During this time I noticed weight gain, which I thought was my new relationship. I started to eat healthy in January 2016 and since then I have put on another 20 pounds, which in total puts me at 40 pounds! No amount of diet or exercise will take it off! Not even a stomach virus I had for two days! I 'm depressed, anxious, and full of angst. I go on Friday to have it removed! Thank god!
I have been taking these pills for the past two months. Usually I 'm a very rational person,  but after taking them I have extreme mood swings, and minor disagreements turn into week-long fights. I stopped taking them last night due to it almost ending my relationship. No pill should be able to cause such a drastic difference in personality. I also have irregular bleeding between periods, but hey at least I 'm not pregnant.
Experienced severe constipation and weak erection.
I have had acid reflux, for 10 years. I 've taken Nexium it takes my reflux a way, now insurance will not pay, so now I have to take Protonix Tabs 40mg once per day I get heart burn heart burn so bad I have to take tums 2 to 3 at a time just not happy. I must keep looking for better meds.
Flomax works great and quickly too, but it sure makes me feel bad.  I find myself skipping days and those days I feel much better.  When I take it I feel tired, slow, and light-headed...like I 'm in a bit of a fog.  I also notice that my vision is very much blurred when I take this drug.  It takes hours after waking for my vision to be somewhat clearer.  I 'm supposed to take it twice a day, but once a day is more than sufficient.  There doesn 't seem to be a lower dosage in a capsule, so I open them and dump some of it out.  It 's pretty inexpensive so that 's not a problem.
Currently on 8th day of 25mg Zoloft. Experiencing Insomina and increased anxiety.
Aleve worked very well for my neck and back pain but I had side effects... shortness of breath, feeling faint, and my tongue started to swell. I stopped the medicine and was okay the next day.
Well, I started this medication at 50 mg, 4 times daily as needed. The only time I noticed that it helped or worked, was the first time I took it. All it does is sedate me extremely.
Needed something for severe anxiety and this worked really well at first. I was amazed at how well it worked for the first month and then it all went downhill from there which is strange because I have read it takes a month to work in some people. Was taking 2 doses a day and it worked great but it was short lived. Tried 3 doses a day and that only made it worse. Just felt horrible on it after a couple of months. Maybe it will  work for you but it was not for me
I 've had the Nexplanon implanted now for 18 months; I love not having to remember a pill or patch, but the entire time I 've had it, my periods last 2 to 3 months without stopping, then about a week or two off, and the next 2 to 3 months is my next one. If the point is to be able to have sex and not get pregnant, I 'd say this one was a major fail. I 'm getting ready to have it taken out. At least on the nuva ring, it did what it said without even any spotting.
I too was up all night the times I took Mucinex DM.  Best to take in the morning hour, but night is when most the coughing exists.  The sleep is needed badly to get rid of the cold.
I started on Lyrica 6 weeks ago started on 25mg for one week, then to 50mg for one week, and then 75 mg twice a day but, but that high didn 't suit me so I took a 75mg in the morning and 50mg in the evening. Currently I 'm feeling spaced all the time, gaining weight each day, and kind of depressed, but my psychiatrist said that could be anxiety coming through. I have been taking Xanax also for about 6 years, before that I was tried on Lexapro and went crazy on it.  Also the Xanax was a disaster long term, as they become very addictive. Well the moral of the story is I 'm praying for the Lyrica to work.
Omg!!! This is the 3rd yeast infection I&rsquo;ve ever had in my life but is by far the worst I&rsquo;ve experienced because of the monistat. I did the the single dose application. Although I was feeling every uncomfortable prior to the medication the pain I was in after the medication is beyond comprehension. I know that this medication doesn&rsquo;t work instantly but my gosh it hurts you before it makes anything better. At about 11:30am I began feeling an intense burning and itching sensation. I went to the bathroom and urinated that was by far the worse feeling the burning continued all day and night and I was finally able to go to sleep. When I woke up this morning the burning had gone away. Going to the dr.
My doctor put me on this drug to stop my 2 month long menstrual bleeding. I 'm on 5mg 2x 's a day. I 'm not bleeding anymore but my face and body are covered in painful acne;  is even going down my arms and belly.  It 's made me lethargic and emotional and I 've gained 5lbs.  I 'll be having a hysterectomy soon and then I 'll be free of this drug.
Depo provera did a good job at protecting me against pregnancy. But I gained a lot of weight!! I didn&rsquo;t gain much for the first 3 months I had it. Although, after about 6 months (2 shots) I noticed a significant amount of weight gain, and after almost a year I gained about 20-25 pounds.  I was exercising, and changed my diet and nothing happened. The irregular bleeding &amp; other side effects were minor side effects to me. The weight gain was my major concern. After reading all of the other reviews for depo, I saw a lot of other women had issues with weight gain too, so I switched to nexplanon  (implant), and for me it has had the same side effects as the shot BUT without weight gain. I&rsquo;ve been able to lose about 10 pounds since I switched!!
I was put on the z pac it is the one you take for 5 days ,for sinuses. I would not recommend it if you are like me and have reflux or stomach issues. I had taken it before, however this time there was more symptoms and side effects than ever before, I think they changed some things in this pill. I took the first day  1 one tablet about 12 hours apart not the two together. I have a very acidity feeling and bad diverticulosis in my stomach.  After the 3 pills got hives on my leg after I took the second one started to feel nausea so bad and chills, as well as terrible diarrhea and it cleared up the sinus infection some but it is tearing my stomach to pieces even after eating before I take it. Reported the hives to the doctor he said keep taking I did and I am itching again
I have had chronic back pain for around 5 years and didn 't start receiving treatment until 2 years ago when the pain was already out of control. I got a new Auto CPAP last week as well as started taking Lyrics 75mg twice a day and I already notice a difference. So far my appetite has decreased.  The first 3 days I was only taking one a day and incredibly tired having to take naps on my lunch hour. The extra sleepiness has subsided substantially even while increasing the dose. It has not been a week yet but I can feel a difference.  The numbness,  tingling and muscle spasms that keep me awake or start by the time I get out of bed have decreased as well as the pain.  I 'm looking forward and hoping it works out.
I do not want kids and have tried various birth control w horrible side effects. This Nora BE mini pill was my last shot. Im on month 2. Headaches, weight gain, depression, panic attacks, super dry vag and cystic acne. Im done. Looking at getting the hormone-free copper IUD!!!
Lipitor gave huge muscle cramps in my legs, sides and stomach.
Ditto what jrpem stated above. Side effects proved to much TOO much for me.
The great thing about the pill is that my breast went up a full cup size which is wonderful. The bad part is that I got severe migraines about 2.5 weeks into the pack and I have never gotten one before. My cramps were so bad I felt like my insides were going to fall out and I never had serious problems like this. Lately I have been more emotional than usual, I don 't act like myself at all I 'm always angry, sad, or depressed. My sex life with my bf is completely trash now so guess that makes my increased cup size a waste. No positive or negative changes in Acne. Since I 'm only just finishing the first pack I 'm going to try and keep going and see if the side-effects subside.
Suboxone nearly killed me. The first time it was ever prescribed to me, I placed one film under my tongue and within 3 minutes, I started getting a headache, feeling dizzy and then I started having difficulty breathing. I allowed the film to dissolve and placed the second film under my tongue, the symptoms described above seemed to get worse and I started noticing hives forming on my neck. Before I knew it, I was covered with hives and could not breathe, my partner gave me liquid Benadryl and rushed me to the doctor. I had to receive steroids and other medications and carried the hives for a few days. I am highly allergic to the Naloxone AND artificial sweeteners in the Suboxone and it 's alternatives. Be careful with this medication!
I have been taking Portia for 7 months now. Everything was fine the first 6 months and than all of a sudden I got really bad acne. I have also noticed I have crazy mood swings and so has my boyfriend. I am going to switch .
I 've been on it for over 2 months now and I still haven 't seen any improvement in my acne, if anything it has been getting progressively worse :(. Can everyone write how long it has taken for yasmin to have an effect because I 'm losing hope.
I took this pill for a year and a half before I decided enough was enough. It cleared my face up, and I did not experience tremendous weight gain but I lost my sex drive and became extremely moody and depressed. I was crying over everything, I was always irritated and angry at my boyfriend, and on top of that I never wanted him to touch me. I stopped taking the pill about three weeks ago and I cannot begin to explain the difference that I already feel. I finally feel like my bubbly, love-able self again and it feels great.
It gave me profuse sweating, minimal weight gain. I had nausea, elevated liver enzymes and elevated cholesterol during the 8 week course for acute disease.
It calms me down a little bit, but it makes me drowsy more than anything.
I have mixed feelings about this medication. I had taken Pristiq for almost 6 months.  The side effects of a headache daily, nausea, the night sweats, teeth hurting, jaw clenching. The 1st month I was so tired, taking a nap  shortly after the dose.  I have to admit I wasn 't so emotional to the point of crying at the drop of trying situation. I then had Topomax added as well, it seemed okay for a couple of months until I just wasn 't myself at all. I made the hasty action to stop all the medicines which I must say, do not do this.  The withdrawal effects were terrible to say the least. I strongly suggest seeking medical advice on taking this action.
I started this medication a few months ago and mentally, this pill is perfect for me! I&rsquo;m not moody, no depressive episodes, no anxiety, nothing. Physically, it&rsquo;s awful for me. I&rsquo;ve gained 10lbs in a couple of months, I&rsquo;m insanely bloated, I always have pressure in my lower abdomen and my my hair is thinning out like crazy! My hair comes out with ease in the shower; more than usual.
I have been on Kariva for about 3 years now. I originally went on the pill for my severe cramps and heavy bleeding. After one month, my acne cleared up, my period got much shorter, and my cramps were less intense. However, I have gained 20 pounds and a full cup size since being on the pill. In addition, I have absolutely no sex drive and a lot of dryness. Though I have experienced anxiety before taking the pill, it has gotten much worse since being on it. My PMS is much more severe as well.
My six-year-old grand daughter has been on Intuniv for nearly two weeks. She has Asperberger 's Syndrome and ADHD. So far I have seen no improvement, but still hold out hope. What I have seen to date is extreme tiredness and irritability. She has always been an excellent sleeper, but now goes to sleep around 9:00pm only to awaken at 4:01am (with only three minutes variance on either side) and unable to return to sleep until around 6:00am. Then awakens at 7:00am irritable and confrontational. She has developed circles under her eyes and is exhausted for the entire day. She is also on Ability --  2.5mg per day (down from the 5mg she was taking prior to beginning the Intuniv.
I had botox in my bladder because of nerve damage in my back i had to go sometimes every five minutes and could not leave the house. Its four months after first treatment. I still can not urinate at all unless I self cath. Sometimes five times a day sometimes ten when i take water pill for heart condition. Cant get answers if this is normal
I don 't know exactly when I started using Tricor 145 mg tablets, but I suspect it was approximately in 2004.  I have obtained this drug monthly from RiteAid drugstore, and the medications is made by Abbott Labs.  Anyways, in November 2007 I suffered my first occurence of acute pancreatitis.  I undertook many hospital tests, CT Scans, MRI 's, X-Rays, Ultrasounds, of my pancreas, but none of those test revealed a cause of the acute pancreatitis.  Since that first occurrence of acute pancreatitis, I suffered 2 other cases of pancreatitis, which put me into the hospital again, and 1 other case where I toughed it out a home.  Reading the Tricor warnings, it states that in rare cases, it may cause pancreatitis.  I stopped Tricor, problem solved.
The side effects were intolerable and it was not effective in minimizing bladder spasms with resulting leakage/incontinence.
Have been on brintellix a little over 5 weeks and have lose of appetite. I have lost about 9 pounds could stand to lose a few, but feeling a little foggy most days unsteady on my feet, some what out of it I 'll give it another week or so. Anyone experience this.
Not working right
I used to take Diane 35 from age 20-25 and my new doctor in a new city convinced me to start taking Alesse recently. I 've been taking it for two months now and I have experienced spotting basically every single day since I started, sometimes light spotting, sometimes heavy, and it only stopped for one or two days. I can 't find anyone else who has had this same experience so far - might have to change to a different pill. I 'm hesitant to do that though because one very good side effect from Alesse has been a reduction in appetite for me! I haven 't had aching breasts or acne yet. My moods also have seemed pretty fine. I just want to stop spotting every day.
My mother is 88 and has had a problem with Ambien for the four or so years she has started taking it. She ran over a bunch of signs in the middle of the highway with no memory of it. She got lost twice before we realized it was the Ambien and not Dementia. I keep it away from her and administer it each night. She is like a drug addict as she has reported her pills lost and got duplicate prescriptions sent to her. I think it is too strong for older people!
Am now on day 2 of meds still in horrible pain.hurts so much to swallow any type of food or water.. Fever is under control thanks to round the clock advil and Tylenol.no relief as of yet hoping that it starts to help..
It caused nothing but trouble for me. Loss of sex drive, mass increase in anxiety and sleep problems, nervousness, headaches, constantly tired, it would hurt randomly. It made PMS absolutely horrendous. I tried keeping it for as long as I could, but 3 months was my breaking point because I just kept feeling lousier. Within a week of having it removed I felt way better.I had periods while I had it and the first period after having it removed was horrible. It was the equivalent of hemorrhaging to where I 'd get light headed and jittery. The only plus was I didn 't get pregnant while I had it, so it did its job. Insertion and removal didn 't hurt at all except maybe a couple twinges
Helped to take the edge off, but I had very vivid dreams that were bizarre in content.  Had problems sleeping and having quality of sleep.
I 've only been on Fluoxetine now for 12 days at 20mg. I have a feeling I 'll be going up to 40mg soon. Nothing much yet except I have noticed I don 't &quot;blow up&quot; as much at everyone but it 's  only 12 days. You need 3-4 wks to see really. I 've tried Lexapro  (sleepy all time &amp; wt gain)&amp; Sertraline  (went toxic in my body, liver enzymes went up, constant diarrhea, major wt loss) &amp; lastly Cymbalta  (helped with pain but not mentally and withdrawals were horrible). So antidepressant #4. I hope this one works! I do have loose bowels a lot in morning but take 1 Loperamide everyday. That 's all really except sometimes anxiety goes up. Exercise will help.
I started taking this med six days ago to treat neuropathy pain in my feet and lower legs. It, like gabapentin that I was taking before this, is giving me severe arthritis pain in my hands and knees, which I did not have before. I will discontinue the use today. It stopped the neuropathic pain but is crippling me in other ways. I will go back to treatments with NSAIDS and acetaminophen.
My skin peeled severely for about 3 weeks and I went through a lot of itching and burning. The acne cream is meant for small pimples not if you have many breakouts all over your face. The process takes a long time 3  months and your face hurts almost every day. But once those 3 months pass your face looks great.
I had been on Lo Seasonique before and it was AMAZING and it cleared my skin and made me lose weight so needless to say I wasn 't happy when the army clinic I had to go to didn 't carry it. They gave me this and said it was just like my previous birth control and its NOT. I 've gained almost 4lbs in the first month and its given me such painful cramps. They keep me up at night and make me want to vomit, decreased sexual desire. The only up side is I 'm not pregnant.
I 've been taking it for less than a month and I already want to stop. I would rather be in pain than be how I am with this medicine. It makes me foggy and extremely tired, and depression symptoms I haven 't had in months are coming back. I can barely do anything because all I feel like doing is sleeping. My fibro pain isn 't horrible anymore, but this is worse. I 'm going to stop now while I 'm still on 20mg before weaning off becomes harder.
I had been getting the Depo shot for about a year. I decided a few weeks ago that I no longer wanted this as my method of birth control. When I first started getting the shot I had some spotting and no periods. This has slowly increased and for the past two months I have had spotting everyday. I thought I could put up with it, before I realized that my libido had been slowly decreasing as well. And for the past month or month and a half my sex drive has been virtually nonexistent. I was not able to &quot;get in the mood&quot;. No weight gain. 
I was on Humira for several years, and it worked great. Eventually though, my body started making antibodies against the Humira, and it started working with less efficacy. I then switched to Otezla. I once did a trial study of a pill version of a ps med (the only one I had ever heard of at the time), and it worked great, so I was pretty hopeful as I started Otezla. For me, I could literally feel the Humira leaving my body. For those of you with bad ps, I started feeling those pins and needles again. I gave Otezla almost 6 months before calling my Rheum doc and asking if I could try something else and here I am. I 'm not scaling a ton, but I 'm constantly itchy (hard to sleep). I 've tried a lot and some have worked. For me, Otezla doesn 't.
I went 4 days without a substantial bowel movement due to a side effect of prescription. After feeling major effects of conscription I took 2 pills with a glass of water at 10pm. Around 6 hours later at 4am, I awoke to serious cramping. The cramping was the worst pain I have ever felt in my entire life and lasted for about 5 hours until around 9am. It was then that I was able to pass some solid bowel movements and then went straight to severe diarrhea. Guess it did what it was supposed to but the pain was absolutely unbearable.
I went about 4 days with absolutely no bowel movement at all So I took 2 Dulcolax at around 10 am. I came on here and read the reviews and freaked out. I started chugging water so From 10 am-10pm I had consumed ten 20oz bottles of water along with light food and experienced no cramping. The pills did not start working for me until exactly 24 hours after I took the pill. My family and I were leaving for a 10 hour drive (bad idea) and right when we pulled out of the driveway (945 am) I started having some cramps. We ended up having to stop many times and I was having extremely watery, burning diarrhea. I continued to drink water which helped but had no nausea, etc. It has now been 3 days since having the diarrhea and I am constipated again.
This medicine was great in taking care of seizures but I honestly felt like I was crazy most of the time. I lost weight which I was happy with but when it comes to the final review, I was a crazy, small person. I couldn 't even call an order in on the phone because I couldn 't think fast enough, I went back to my doctor and ask him to take me off this.
Our 8 year old son started Intuniv the other day having been recently diagnosed with ADHD. His behavior during the day was definitely much less impulsive than ever, and he napped at 5pm (1mg administration at 9am). He awoke complaining of an upset tummy but ate dinner anyway. 2am &amp; 5am vomiting. Poor kid. He doesn 't know it 's because of his new  'Vitamin '. Does the vomiting  go away? Is there a way to preempt the nausea? We gave him plenty of water and healthy snacks when he was hungry...not up for doing this to him if this pattern sustains.
As a birth control it worked fine however it caused me to break out in a itchy rash around my mouth and chin. The rash got bigger over a two month period while I was taking the pill, make up couldn 't even disguise it and it was sometimes itchy... using ointment but nothing worked. Stopped taking the pill a little less than 2 wks ago while I continued using my ointments. The rash is 95% better already.  As for all my other acne the pill did clear it up could just be an individual case I do have sensitive skin and some discoloration.
Took GaviLyte-N and had no problems getting the first half down but then had a terrible red rash all over my body. Got up the next morning and tried second half and could not keep any of it down. Tried 6 times and it always came up. I will never do this again.
Have one 4mm stone hung up between the kidney and bladder and another 5mm stone in the kidney. Have been on Flowmax for a month and while it has helped me to urinate more, the stone seems stuck. I am not happy with the side effects: stuffy nose, feeling dizzy and just off, also seems to cause some water retention. Would love to have the positive results other users have had but so far, no luck passing the stone.
I did the three injections and got less relief than the cortisone injections I had.  Plus the shots are expensive even with insurance.
I had Implanon implanted August 2009. It was great until April 2011. I started getting my period not once but twice a month. The second is short. The first is full blown. I am a wreck the week before I start with super sore breasts (felt like I was pregnant) and horrible mood swings. The bleeding is terrible. Plus very unpredictable.
I tend to suffer regular bouts of constipation and have found that Miralax and other powder-based laxatives have had little effect.  I decided to give Dulcolax a shot while on a trip as it was very uncomfortable to be so bloated while doing some strenuous activities.  I took three tablets (I 'm 6 '5&quot; 250 lbs and usually take max dose) on Friday at 7PM.  Between HORRIBLE cramps, chills, cold sweets, weakness, and constant runs, I felt like I had taken the pill-form of food poisoning.  It is now Monday at 11 AM and I am still unable to eat anything without it going straight through me.  This is not worth it, and Dulcolax should not be advising people to EVER take three of these.  Awful experience.
Took two tablets and I swear it&rsquo;s the worst cramps I&rsquo;ve ever experienced. It works quick within 3-4 hours but the pain is just uncomforting. Be prepared to spend your time in the restroom.
cymbalta mase me vomit I took 2 at 30 mg 2 days in a row thesame vomiting was given samples by my doctor not sure what I should do I take lyrica does not help take 300mg a day thank u would love feed back on this
Cant give a full review yet as this is my second day of taking this medication, but I will give updates to those interested or with a similar case as mine. I 've tried many different SSRI but it seems my system but for reasons unknown my body wont tolerate them. I am a fairly strong and tough guy physically but the side effects were too much for me to continue. For over a month now Ive been taking mirtazapine, came to taking 30 mg but ended up with really bad arthralgia so I came back down to 15 mg. Been taking that and it seems to helped a little with my depression and anxiety. Managable symptoms at least, but at this point any subtle improvement means a lot. As far as trintellix, so far so good. No nasea or vomiting
Insertion was a breeze, I didn 't feel anything. First year went fine, besides the ridiculously heavy periods. But some side effects I had were; yeast infections, fatigue, weight gain, migraines, cramping, dizziness, nausea, racing heart, brain fog, hair loss, eye sensitivity, brain pressure, and brain shakes. They probably say little or no copper makes it to your bloodstream. But I believe plenty does, and when that happens, when your blood has enough copper in it, it can begin storing copper in your organs and tissues in your body, causing tons of bad side effects, while also not showing on a blood test that anything is wrong. I got this IUD taken out a few days ago and I feel like the old me again, with my side effects lessening each day.
I have GAD and Panic Disorder going on 10 years. I 've been on Zoloft the entire time. I had a relapse this year and went on Buspirone.  It worked for several weeks but didn 't hold up.  I steadily went all the way up to the max of 60 mg/day but this wasn 't for me.  I did have some anti-anxiety effects, but it made me feel empty and I didn 't enjoy doing things.  I eventually got off of this.  I 'm now taking Gabapentin (in addition to Zoloft 200 mg) and I like it a lot better so far.
I had Mirena inserted 4 months after my 2nd child was born. I bled for about 6 months after that and most of the time it was heavy until the end. I also experienced a lot of pregnancy symptoms.  Now my periods have stopped other than long spells of spotting at random times. Sometimes I will have indications that I am going to start and then I don 't.  I now am suffering from lack of energy, low sex drive and an overall sick feeling most of the day. I got over the months of bleeding but I can 't stand the way I feel every day. 
Only on my second week of treatment but its not looking so good. I got it to treat some cystic acne on my back and my skin cleared up quickly the first week. However I 'm tired all of the time, and the cystic acne 's coming back with a vengeance. Just broke out with a line of huge pimples down my lower back which has never happened, and some on my face, all of which are very painful. I 'll continue the treatment for a few more weeks but so far things aren 't looking good.
I have severe tongue pain after a nerve was damaged after my wisdom teeth were removed. The medication worked well on the pain but the dizziness is too much. I can 't function normally like this. Have to stop taking it and go back to severe pain.
I only had 2 SHOTS!! Been bleeding non stop for 6 months straight! I 'm off the shot now for over 11 days and still bleeding, have a gyn appt. Scared what could it be???
I have been on Effexor XR on and off for about 14 years. At first it seems to work but then I end up going back to where I was and then worse. I have suicidal thoughts at all times. I 'm depressed and agitated even more so now than ever. If I get an up dose I sweat more. I don 't know what to do. 
When I first took these I had no problems I ran out and switched back to microgestrin once I ran out of those I started back taking chateal let 's just say it 's horribleI got them December 19 2016 and started having this sticky white discharge then came the spotting I have not stopped spotting g since then it 's now February I went from a 38 D bra to a 40 double D all my clothes are to small because my hips and butt is getting so big my once flat stomach is even getting a pouch I didn 't get acne because I don 't have acne prone skin but my sex drive does not exist I 've had vaginal dryness and I feel very aggressive and irritated quickly I 'm not sexually active right now so I think I 'll cool it on the pills my blood pressure even went up
My daughter barely benefited - if at all - from taking Tamiflu. She began taking Tamiflu liquid on the first day of contracting the flu (her annual flu shot failed to protect her). A week later she still has flu symptoms, though they remain moderate and never became severe. Her fever peaked at 103F, is now 100.5. Her nose remains stuffy, she still has a mild cough and body aches. Overall I am fairly dissatisfied with this product, especially considering the high cost of $86 after insurance.
I am now taking Provera for the 3rd time . It works but I have had some extra hair growth on my stomach but I am willing to deal with that because I have been trying to conceive for 8 years. After I get my period under control I will start taking Clomid. My husband and I are praying this time it will work.
Did not help me, and I gained weight.
Lawd! This stuff is ghastly!  Barely got the 1st dose down with some minor gagging, but then the gas, cramps and bloating started. After 30 minutes it was working so that was good because I vomited almost all of the 2nd dose. This is my 4th colonoscopy and by far the worst. I will find another prep next time.
I have been on lo loestrin fe for about 3 months now and I have not had the greatest experience with it. First off, I was getting 2 periods a month, one being in the middle of the second week and the other during the week I was supposed to, and both periods were extremely painful and heavy. I told my doctors of my troubles and she ensured me that it would probably get better and to give it a couple more months before switching. It has gotten a little bit better but I ended up having to switch anyways because my insurance doesn 't cover this medication since it is not generic! Other than the 2 periods a month, I did not gain weight or breakout but it did take me forever to adjust so good luck to anyone who goes on this pill!
I was kinda focused in school when I took this but that was only for the first period or 2, I ended up getting really tired and was getting a lot of anxiety and had like 3 panic attacks (this was my first time ever being on any kind of ADHD medication)
I 've had this thing in for about 2 years aND at 3 I get it taken out. At first it was great and then about a year and a half in I started bleeding heavy... everyday. I have terrible cramps, back pain, mood swings, weight gain, and worst of all constantly bleeding. I am scared to go to my doctor because I feel as if my issue isn 't important but honestly I can 't take it anymore. I set up an appointment and will get to the bottom of this. I can 't even explain how much pain it 's caused me. I hope someone can explain these symptoms to me because I just don 't understand what 's wrong with me.
this worked in beginning-then gave me insomnia, restless leg syndrome, shakes and more angry.  It could no  longer take it ,I had to get off.
I did not like it that much because it made me sick, however it seemed to help when I was on it. My face puffed up a bit which I did not like.
No seizures whilst on Tegretol. Extreme headaches first 4 weeks, extreme tiredness. 6 weeks after starting Tegretol hives started to appear and got worse. Blood tests showed liver enzymes were 3 times higher than usual and red blood cell counts slightly reduced. Thyroid gland swelled up also. All these were shown to be a severe allergic reaction to the drug. People should be aware of this as a possibility.
I got the implant at my postpartum check up. The procedure was painless.    I breastfed my son until he was fifteen months old, and had no period after my bleeding from the birth subsided. He is now eighteen months old and I have been having a &quot;period&quot; that is weird heavy or at least spotting for a month and a half now. I was concerned until I read here that this seems to be happening with the majority of women. I 'm going to make an appointment to get it removed. I seem to be mentally/emotionally out of sorts as well. The time period suggests that my state of mind might be related to the implant as well. It 's hard to get pregnant if you never have sex (because you 're constantly bleeding like a slaughtered pig and are emotionally unstable)
Have a persistent urinary tract infection and took this medication about four weeks ago.  The urinary tract infection came back so a second go-around.  This time after one pill I had a hefty case of hives and a very sore tongue and headache for about two days.
I have only been on Sprintec for a week so I hope my side effects subside by the next pack. I have been constantly nauseated, can barely eat and have begun to break out like crazy. I have also experienced heavy discharge (non yeast infection) and tiredness. I was on a higher estrogen dosage of birth control and never experienced these symptoms. The only positive is my sex drive has experienced a huge boost and I have lost some weight. Now if only I could go up a cup size.
I do not understand why doctors, frequently, prescribe Keflex for bladder or urinary tract infections, considering how many side effects it creates. Why not just plain, old Amoxicillin? I, all too frequently, get an U.T.I. Usually it is a very mild infection.When I use it, I get muscle pain, back pain, anxiety, and agitation.There must be a gentler, kinder, and safer antibiotic to be used to kill bacteria. I wish I knew the name of one. I would, then, ask my doctor or an ER doctor to prescribe it for me.I am tired of doctors telling me it is the best antibiotic to use for an U.T.I. It makes me sick! 
I received cytoxan IV for Multiple Sclerosis. I don 't remember how long I lasted before I had a seizure. I have had a seizure disorder since I was 6 years old or younger. This was the worst seizure I have had since I started having them. I have read the site and was surprised to see that it is not listed as a side effect. Otherwise, it wasn 't a bad experience. I lost 1/2 of my hair and it came back thicker.
HUGE weight gain!  From 135 lbs up to 205 lbs and there didn 't seem to be any way to lose the weight. I am not an eater, or a snacker, if anything I can 't manage breakfast and I eat a healthy sandwich for lunch and can only manage 1/2 the meal that my husband eats at night.  For me, depression = loss of appetite.
When I am not on some kind of medication I feel crazy, angry, and tons of anxiety, and always for no reason! I took Celexa for about 4 months and people noticed a huge difference in me. I stopped for 2 weeks and had felt crazy again. I went back on it and it just didn 't seem to help anymore.
I 've been on this pill for 4 months now and it 's made my acne worse than ever. I have breakouts on my chest and never have before using the pill. My cramps are the same and periods have not become shorter. I am switching brands.
Had to w/d from MAO (difficult) it worked well as I am medication resistant. Tried brintellix but &quot;hyped&quot; me up. Now on day five of Lexapro 5mgs. Feeling nauseated but not bad. Sedated but can 't rest due to high anxiety. Does this improve. Feeling so desperate:(
I 'm 19 and have been on this pill for 4 months now and have realized many changes. Some pros are that my acne has cleared up and excess hair slowed its growth rate but the cons outweigh the pros. I have terrible mood swings, headaches and nausea when i never had that before. My sex drive is nearly non existent. My periods are more controlled but they are very heavy and leave me very tired. I have gained 15 pounds in 4 months despite getting 2 hours of exercise almost everyday. I thought this pill would help my hormones levelled and help my depression, but has made my relapses far between but much more intense when they happen. overall, it gets the job done, but if you can, try a different pill.
The pill  itself is fine..but the package is ridiculous. .the pills are too hard to get out of the package..i had to cut..poke with knive and scissors  etc..please make a more user friendly package  or just put in a bottle..having  arthritis  and less flexibility in my hands..it was impossible  to get the pill out in a solid piece....its most likely my only purchase  of slow fe unless i can find one in different  package
I will say this for the people in the back, &quot;THIS PILL WILL MAKE YOU HATE YOURSELF.&quot;  I started taking Junel because my period lasted for 14 days.  With Junel I as able to get down to 4-6 days and it has been fantastic.  I recently decided to stop taking it because it makes my anxiety a monster that I or my wife do not want to face.  I am emotionally and mentally all over the place.  My wife was previously on Junel and not only did it make her anxiety fly through the roof, but deep dark thoughts do float around in some women who take Junel.  I would advise extreme caution when taking hormones.  It can make you a very unhappy person.
My mother is 88 and has had a problem with Ambien for the four or so years she has started taking it. She ran over a bunch of signs in the middle of the highway with no memory of it. She got lost twice before we realized it was the Ambien and not Dementia. I keep it away from her and administer it each night. She is like a drug addict as she has reported her pills lost and got duplicate prescriptions sent to her. I think it is too strong for older people!
nausea
I am a healthcare provider who specializes in Emergency Medicine.  I had my 1st surgery 2 1/2 years ago lower Colon. 2nd surgery for entrapped Pudendal Nerve, and am still healing.  Was started on Cympalta and Lyrica.  Stopped Lyrica.  Had severe mood swings, couldn 't concentrate, severe depression with daily suicidal thoughts. 20 lb weight gain. I have not treated patients for over a year because of my symptoms. After stopping cold turkey against doctors advise I have a clear head, memory has improved and best of all suicidal thoughts are gone.I now feel safe enough to return to work and help save lives without fear of making a mistake or wrong decision that could harm others. The nerve pain is still there, but better than side effects.
I hate it. I 've had it for 18 months. It still hurts in my arm. My hormones are out of control. I 'm depressed all the time. I have always had intense  pain from my periods but its so much worse now. I bleed for weeks then stop for a couple days.  For instance I 've been bleeding for over 3 weeks now. the weight gain is horrible!! 30 pounds that now matter what I do I can 't lose!!! I wish I had never gotten this horrible thing.
The first 4 months was putting on weight and mood swings which I did not enjoy. I love not having to use a condom but the implant has loads of side effects and the most annoying one is all along on a period. I think that 's the reason you don 't get pregnant with the implant.
The reason why I gave a 4 was because I had a lot of stomach pain, back pain, sore throat, headache. 
I took Lyrica for 10 years until the copay went to $100. So I began Gabapentin at 100 mg twice daily. It helped with the pain, but not enough. My Dr. increased the dose to 200 mgs twice daily, and I began having the following side effects after only 2 days: cold symptoms, bloated feeling, constipation, cough with mucus, excess gas in the stomach, excessive eye tearing, feeling dizzy and  lightheaded, indigestion, passing gas (a lot, plus, stomach pain from it), runny nose, tender glands in the neck, headache, bad taste (like eggs). I 'm back to 100 mgs and the side effects are going away, but pain has increased again.
I was prescribed this for cough. My sister is a respiratory therapist of 25 years. She said it 's really bad to stop the mucus being coughed up and suppressing the mucus to settle into your lungs. She said a lot of people end up getting pneumonia when they take it for long periods of time.
I have been dealing with depression for well Over 6 months and just about 2 months ago decided to go to the doctor to seek help with medication to bridge back to benign myself. I first tried Viibryd for a month, worked well for me emotionally and for my moods but I gained weight which triggered deeper depression for me. I am now trying this Brintillex stuff. I have had severe itching throughout my entire body, it gets worse when I 'm sitting still and trying to fall asleep at night. I 'll be itching my back and legs so hard in my sleep that it wakes me. I have only been on this drug for a month! Totally not worth it. Not to mention the vomiting which makes everything so much worse. I hate the medication guessing game that comes along with this.
Tried this gel for 1 night thinking it would have less side effects than in pill form.But I had a very bad experience. Within half an hour of using, my legs felt as if they were on fire mainly from my knees to feet.Got worse with aching,shooting pains up and down my legs.My head felt funny but no headache.All night I barely slept cos of the severity of the pain.The hotness did lessen,still had painful legs until mid morning,but it had spread to rest of body - a dull ache as if I had flu.Had slight blocked nose til morning as well.Felt slightly nauseous.Was itchy too all over.Felt spaced out.Suffered memory loss in day before all went away.Will not take again as am allergic to antibiotics so is probably just me.BV did feel bit better though.
This is an update from my previous posting. I need to correct that I take 1000mg of Metformin NOT 2000mg a day. On Thurday I took my 4th injection of Bydureon. At first I had some nausea and heartburn. By my 3rd injection that has subsided.  As far as weight loss, I 've only lost 9lbs so far. My fasting sugar in the morning the day after injection is about 118. However, as the week goes on they tend to spike. The highest I 've had is 185. Before Bydureon I ranged between 120-150. I 've also noticed that my ankles swell by the evening time. Which is somewhat new. During these four weeks I had stopped my Actos because I couldn 't afford the copay and but I was able to restart it this week. I put a call into my doctor. I 'll see what she has to say
I 'm new to taking birth control. Had a very normal cycle before, regular as clockwork for 27 years. I decided on this pill BC its a &quot;mini&quot; &amp; thought maybe a good way to ease in to BC . 5 weeks into taking Deblitane I noticed my breasts were always sore and full. My skin was more oily &amp; I 've gotten the worst case of breakouts (big, red pimples on my cheek and a series of breakouts along my jawline). I haven 't had a period. However leading up to when my period is usually due (I tracked my cycles for years) I started having cramps feeling bloated &amp; lasted for a few days (almost a week). My mood was fine. Sex drive has been low. Finally called my doc and switching off it to something with out hormones mainly to fight  this bad case of acne.
I started on 30mg 2x/daily. I had initial loose stools, but have gone back to constipation. I didn 't get much relief from my tachycardia, and also noticed an increase in body twitches (not tremors). I 'm now trying 60mg 2x/daily and I still have the increase in twitches and most notably, headaches (worse than the normal every day ones), and breathing issues (I already have asthma and laryngospams). Not sure any benefit is worth these side effects, but it 's only been a couple of days, so I 'll give it a little more time.
I started taking Stiolto Respimat in Jan. 2016.  For the first few months everything was great.  Then I started to have memory issues and confusion.  I know this contains an anticholinergic.  Two years ago I stopped taking medication for an over-active bladder that contained an anticholinergic because of the very same reason.  A few months later my memory was back to normal (normal for me!) and the confusion totally went away.  I was hoping that since this is an inhaler and not a pill that I might have better results.  Unfortunately no.    After four months the confusion and forgetfulness became a real problem.  I decided to stop the inhaler this morning and will ask my doctor for an alternative - without an anticholinergic.
Flomax works great and quickly too, but it sure makes me feel bad.  I find myself skipping days and those days I feel much better.  When I take it I feel tired, slow, and light-headed...like I 'm in a bit of a fog.  I also notice that my vision is very much blurred when I take this drug.  It takes hours after waking for my vision to be somewhat clearer.  I 'm supposed to take it twice a day, but once a day is more than sufficient.  There doesn 't seem to be a lower dosage in a capsule, so I open them and dump some of it out.  It 's pretty inexpensive so that 's not a problem.
I am 18. I have had the Implanon for about 2 months and I now find it disruptive to my sex life. At first everything was great until I started trying to have sexual intercourse with my boyfriend. Sex is now uncomfortable because of vaginal dryness, burning sex. The swelling came soon after. It is very embarrassing to have to explain to him even though he is very understanding. I 'm am already thinking about switching over to the Depo.
I was diagnosed with MS 10 years ago by MRI after many falls due to foot drop, around 2005.  I took copaxone from 2009 - 2011, 20 mg per day.  It didn 't help, it didn 't hurt.  I stopped because my insurance wouldn 't cover it anymore.  I 've had regular symptoms over the last 10 (or even 30) years, they have gotten progressively worse the last 2 years.  I got back on Copaxone about 4 months ago, 40 mg 3 times a week.  I don 't think it is helping.  My site reactions are worse than they were with 20 mg daily shots.  I have gotten to the point where I can barely walk without pain, weakness, and shin splints from the muscle weakness in my legs and inability to walk and balance properly.  I take Copaxone ONLY because I 'm afraid not to.  Good luck.
I had arthroscopic surgery in 2012 to clean up the damaged cartilage under kneecap so basically bone on bone under knee cap.  They also did lateral release to straighten kneecap.  Two months later I had series of 3 Synvisc shots which lasted two years.  I don 't remember two much pain.  In 2014, I waited two long and until I had a lot of pain to get next series of Synvisc.   Last shot was painful.  We switched to Euflexxa and I just had second shot yesterday.   The pain the three days after is the worst.  After first shot, it took 3 days to recover and four days of no pain before second shot.  Today is day after second shot and I have much pain.  Will report back after 3rd shot and update to see if this is better than Synvisc.
I started this birth control at 145lbs 5 '3 so I was already a little heavy but I was working out and eating healthy to keep losing weight. The first shot seemed fine. By the second shot, I gained 5lbs which I thought was odd but the doctor said it was normal. I then started becoming very depressed and spent most of my days sleeping or in bed. I gained another 10 lbs. when it was time for the third shot. The 3rd shot made me gain 25 more lbs where I was at 185. I always ate relatively healthy and went to the gym. And I decided to not take the 4th shot. And it 's been about a month past when I was supposed to take the 4th shot and I 'm finally starting to lose weight. I 'm at 175 now and still have a long way to go.
This drug works great at first until you need more and more to focus. Stay away from this med if you don 't truly have ADHD or you have hypertension.
In 42 years old. Omg this pill makes me feell like I 'm on my cycle everyday. I 'm assuming it 's the pill. I 've been on it for over two years now. It 's been causing problems with my husband because sex is just not in the books for me. I 'm moody, cramps all the time, headaches....it 's makes me sick. I just want my tubes tide.
Gained a lot of weight on this pill. I 'm always hungry. Absolutely no sex drive, which puts strain on the relationship. I 'm on my last row of pills of the 3rd month and still no period. I 'm fixed so I know I 'm not pregnant. I will be stopping this pill once I 'm done with this last pack.
I got the implant back in Feb this year , a few days after Having a baby .well I look pregnant again .I 'm not happy with gaining weight
I 've had mine since October of 2013. At first I was super excited because it was a no fuss birth control that would cause me migraines. After I had it implanted I gained 30lbs in a matter of 3 months. Although I believe some of that was stress (I 'm in medical school) but I continued to work out regularly and was still gaining weight. I have not had my period since I 've had it but instead I 've had bloating, mood swings, lowered sex drive oh and my migraines have gotten worse. Although I love how easy it is I feel like it 's taken a real toll on my body. I hate to say it, but I miss having my normal body functions, even my period!
I 've suffered with widespread pain my whole life along with extreme difficulty sleeping. Took Lyrica (300mg/day) for 3 years &amp; it worked initially to calm the aching but became less effective after a few months. It helped me get restful sleep &amp; calmed my anxiety but I couldn 't think, had very poor memory &amp; felt very depressed (got worse overtime). When I stopped taking it I had the worst withdrawal symptoms imaginable (way worse than benzos).  I literally felt worse than dying &amp; all I could think of was when the hellish experience would stop . Took about a month to start feeling better &amp; several months to really feel better. Doctors say that Lyrica doesn 't have withdrawal (or it should be minor) but that 's rubbish. Withdrawal eventually passes
I was scheduled for Colonoscopy this morning but had to reschedule. I was prescribed Prepopik for my prep. I have Gastroparesis and read in the med guide that came with the medicine and noticed it said people who have gastric retention should NOT take this prep. I called my doctors office with this info and concern and they assured me I would be fine. I took my first dose of prep medicine at 6 p.m.. Nothing happened at all and I ended up falling asleep. I awoke at 2:30 and had one small regular bowel movement. Took second dose at 3 a.m. and nothing happened!! Called doc at 6 since my check in time was to be at 7 a.m. and explained what happened. Cancelled procedure. At around 10:30 it finally kicked in. If you have Gastroparesis don 't take
I 've been on other BCs before so I knew it would take a few weeks to adjust.Migraines: week 1 I had two migraines with auras. I have had migraines in the past, but never with auras and never this bad. I kept getting migraines and headaches until I cut out all caffeine.Acne: I know every girl reacts differently to BC but honestly if anything my acne got worse. I didn 't really have a problem before this pill, but now I notice a few pimples every day.Pain: since I 'm not on my period on this pill the pain is &quot;lessened&quot; but not gone. Instead, it 's almost constant.Bleeding: I have been &quot;spotting&quot; every day for over 2 months. Lately I 'm getting rashes and a bad smell because of wearing liners every day.For these reasons I 'm stopping.
Im 30 yo and very physically fit. Ive always had great skin and since I tried this my skin has broken out every day not only on my fave but my body. My mood swings have been through the roof! The only good thing was my periods disappeared. I took my nexplanon out 3 days ago and skin is back to normal almost perfect and no mood swings. I guess it just does not balance with my body at all.
I have had neuropathy for some time and tried a host of other medications before trying Lyrics. I was on it for slightly over 3 months with my dosage starting at 75 mg twice a day to 300 twice a day.  Initially the pain was approximately 7-8 and the Lyrics got it to about a 5 routinely with some days worse. However I suffered from some of the side effects stated by it 's manufacturer including dizziness, being off-balance at times, problems with sleep and concentration, and weight gain.  (Approximately 20 pounds over 3 mos. and it 's resulting effect on increasing my A1c.The) worst part was an increase in anger. After no subsiding of the side effects my Doctor suggested I cease using it. We are looking for alternatives.
I had bad side effects. I got nexplanon April 12th 2017 and removed it September 1st, although the numbing shot kind of hurt the actual implant did not. It was sore for a couple days. Everyone is different but for me I started getting more ache, my mood was terrible. I felt angry all the time an almost violent. No period but had anxiety an depression worsen. I had depo b4 this an My libido was non existent, and intercourse hurt bad which in why I switched the nexplanon but those side effects didn 't get any better either..
I started taking this medicine because my insurance wouldn 't cover Ortho Tricyclen. This is only my second month, but I 'm done - severe migraine throughout my period, tension headaches the rest of the time, and terrible over-bleeding, a problem I 've never had with any other birth control.
Got the shot in December 2015 was fine until I was due for my period in January. Spotting started and after sex it would get worst. It kept going through the whole period and ovulation, till about a week ago when it stopped. Today I 'm due for my next period. Don 't know if it 'll started again or if I 'm good or not. I will not be continuing with the shot. I 'm hoping I can find a good birth control pill instead.
Hello again! I provided a quick summary of my experience with the pill two weeks in below and wanted to give an update...So, the good news- my boobs are bigger and the acne around my chin area has subsided. Bad news, I 've gained weight and I 'm always bloated. I 've always had a flat stomach, but ever since I started taking the pill I 'm 24/7 bloated. All hell broke loose this weekend when I literally thought I was being possessed by the devil. I started bleeding heavily and the cramping was relentless and unbearable. After a night out, I came home and was overwhelmed with depression and anxiety. I was hypersensitive to every sound and I cried for 3 hours for god knows what reason. I 'm hesitant to start this new pack after that hellish episode
This drug worked at preventing pregnancy. So it does get some stars for that. It 's my 3rd month on it and every single month I had break through bleeding that begin about the second week. I thought it was spotting at first, but then it was heavier and lasted until my actual period started with the sugar pills. I would also get bloated and bad cramps beginning about the 2 week of the pill pack. No weight gain happened, and my sex drive stayed the same. But I was also very moody!!! Things that would normally make me just upset for a day would now bring me to tears and upset me for weeks. And my acne got worse, I would normally get pimples around the time of my period, but now I always have 3 or more pimples at a time that would scar.
This is awful, the burning is terrible! !
Dear Lord oh the itch and the burn!!! So glad I found these reviews. Knowing others had similar experiences is helping me stay sane as I wait out the pain in my lady parts. I inserted the creme with no issue but woke in the middle of the night about an hour later to the worst burn and itch down there. It literally took my breath away. It 's been about an hour and it 's finally died down enough that I might be able to go back to sleep. The ovule suppositories never burned like this. I will never buy the cream again!!!! Stay far away unless you are a glutton for punishment :(
So this drug stopped my period and the deep depressive dives from my PMDD, but *good God the anxiety*. I 've never suffered an anxiety attack in my life until I started this stuff, and now I 've had at least six in the last three months.The nausea 's no fun, either, and the spotting doesn 't let up until you stop for a few days and let it run its course (not an issue for me as an as a contraceptive, but for sexually active folks that 's a real problem). Passing tissue along with clots was alarming (triggered one of the attacks, actually), though it only happened once.I 've cancelled the prescription-- I 'll take once-monthly PMDD over hair-trigger panic attacks, nausea, bleeding, and misery any day.
My experience with lexapro has been a very rocky one, to say the least. The beginning symptoms for me were terrible, extreme nausea and vomiting, restless leg syndrome, jaw clenching, and vivid nightmares. After the first day, the nausea and vomiting was gone, and after two weeks my symptoms were manageable. I felt like this medication really helped me with my depression in some ways. I was much more motivated, more sociable, and it helped my anger issues. However, I decided after six months I would like to stop to see if my depression was better. Bad choice. I hurt all over my body so bad, I felt like I was coming down with the flu. I was so dizzy and disoriented I couldn 't even function in my daily life. It was a nightmare.
I took this birth control pill for about three months. I have been fortunate to never experience intense sadness or depressive feelings since I was born, discounting family/friend deaths or illnesses. After starting the pill I noticed a change in my attitude and mindset. I used to wake up extremely happy and stay happy throughout the day, but the pill caused me to become sad. Depression became a major factor of my everyday life on the pill and suicidal ideations soon followed during the third month. I felt crazy on the pill and I became really insecure. The only other side effect besides depression was breast tenderness. It was effective in preventing pregnancy and I did not get migraines or spotting.
Before taking flagyl,  make sure to review all possible negative interactions it might have with other medications you 're taking. My recent battle with flagyl occurred after I was diagnosed with diverticulitis. It just happened to coincide with my decision to start taking Tagamet for my acid reflux. Little did I know that Tagamet, a fine drug by itself, should not be taken along with flagyl. Soon after my regimen of flagyl and cipro started, I began experiencing a horrible metallic taste that permeated my entire system. My skin became hot and sensitive. I was nauseous. Bad headaches. Dizziness. Stiff neck. Insomnia. Tagamet, a pharmacist told me, was preventing the release of flagyl from my system, compounding its negative effects.
I get so dizzy and nauseous on this pill. With headaches.. No weight gain or decreased libido.. Just terrible cramps and tons of spotting and mood swings and depression. I 've also broke out more.. And gotten terrible yeast and bv infections Don 't take please
I 'm 49 and I 've been taking Vyvanse for three years.  It does help somewhat, but it only last about five to six hours, probably less than that.  I 'm taking 20mg, which I think is too low, but my provider refuses to raise the dosage.
I 'm on clonidine .01 mg before bed for anxiety and opiate withdrawal. I 'm not finding it to be super helpful with either issue, although it does take the edge off some of the withdrawal symptoms. I had high hopes after reading some other reviews but I 'm not experiencing the same effects.  I 've been on various opiates for the large part of the past 20 years, the last 6 on methadone maintenance. It has done wonders for me, but I gained a LOT of weight when I went on the methadone and I want to try to taper so I can successfully stay sober and maintain a healthy weight. So far I 'm not feeling hopeful but it 's only been a few days.  I 'll try to report back in a week or so.
The urine flow improved slightly but the worst thing that occurred was my heart racing &amp; blood pressure rise after having a hot shower at bedtime. Usually my BP is around 120 / 80 pulse 55 .When this occurs it was 158/103 pulse 146, also I get a fluttering sensation in my heartbeat which is irregular.This does not happen every night but It has only occurred since taking tamsulosin for the last 2 months also feeling tired &amp; lethargic.
I just removed the ring after 3 weeks because after two weeks I started having hot flashes, low back pain and vaginal discharge. It has been 3 days now and the symptoms are abating. I did not like the bloat I was feeling and will go back to the Estrace cream, which is not as convenient but with which I did not have side effects.
I  just started this med for insomnia and anxiety.  The dr told me to take 75mg.  I got super dizzy, and had to have my husband help me to bed.  After reading other comments, I just think I took too much to start with.  Maybe I will cut a pill in half and try that.  I need something, that 's for sure..
Great for relief of back pain BUT severe side effects. Migraine, vomitting (blood present !!! ) , diarrhoea &amp; severe stomach cramps  ( I couldn 't stand up with the pain) even for a couple of days after I stopped taking them. Could only manage 6 days of a 14 day persrcription. Just not worth it ! Would rather deal with the back pain.
I used the medicine for 3 months. With Sjogren 's and Lupus, the drops were, most nights, excruciating. The morning dose was uncomfortable. It took an hour for my sight to clear every time. I experienced constant runny nose, tightness in my throat, and urethra. Because it is an immune suppressant, I now have a bladder infection. Despite gaining eye relief, unparalleled the first month, but declining in effectiveness the second and third months, I have to stop. I cannot have repeat infections. I was paying $20 a month with the coupon.
I had gotten the Mirena at the advice of my gyn after being told that I could not do traditional birth control due to other health conditions. I do not have children. It hurt going in. I have had multiple endometrial biopsies that hurt a lot less. It was put in on 10/15/15 and I have not stopped bleeding since. I think that the bleeding has actually started to steadily started to become heavier. I will be contacting my GYN again on Monday to see about getting it taken out and other options.
Nuvaring seemed like the perfect option for me. I 'm a college student, so life can be crazy and I never know where I 'm going to be at what time of day I used to like to take the pill. The first month wasn 't too bad, but after that I started noticing some serious changes. I started feeling tired almost all the time, even after 9 hours of sleep. My sex drive decreased to nothing. If I wasn 't wanting to have sex, then what 's the point of taking birth control and paying so much for it every month. I started having really bad effects on my emotions. I would go from being happy to sad within a second. It was nothing for me to randomly start tearing up for no reason. I never had this problem on the pill. I 'm switching back.
I 've been on the depo shot for about 5 months, the first 2 months were great; I didn 't get my period and I felt normal. Ever since the 3rd month I have had spotting that comes and goes; sometimes it lasts for days and other times it is just a  'discharge ' that happens throughout the day that I can usually predict because of the cramping it comes with. I like the easiness of the shot, but the side effects are annoying and not worth the trouble. Especially after reading other reviews, I think I 'll go back on regular birth control.
I started this after my second lap surgery for my endometriosis. Had no problems the first month, but have now been bleeding nonstop for 6 weeks. I really liked the fact that I didn 't suffer from the side effects that I feel with a typical combination pill (weight gain, nausea, etc), but I cannot take the bleeding and pain anymore. I have had to take 2-3 pills a day to control the bleeding and am still experiencing spotting and cramps. I 'm sure that this is the right method for controlling endometriosis for some women, but it is definitely not right for me. 
I started this pill on July 22nd  and received my period on August 1st it 's now August 14 and my period is still on and showing no signs of leaving. The first two weeks I was sick couldn 't eat and had extreme headaches. Now I 'm very low in energy and just ready for this to be over. My doctor tells me that it 's normal, I have had a heavy flow since I started this can 't be normal
I had been taking Microgestin for over 6 months now (switched from the patch), and I will be switching to another form of birth control once again. I 've gained 15 pounds (going up 3 dress sizes!) and I 've had excessive night sweats.  None of these side effects have occurred prior to taking this pill.I will be switching to another form of birth control.
not told of contraindications, effect with other meds, etc. need more consultation to ensure nothing is happening. Right now my lymph nodes are swollen and in reading about invokana this could be a possible side affect?
I didn 't like the spotting and the depression I felt from it. Its only good if you want shorter periods sometimes and weight loss.
Was on this drug for about four years with Wellbutrin. The combination worked well for the first three years; however developed severe tremors and other side effects.
My face broke out for a couple months from stress really bad and my doctor gave me epiduo, she said to put it on every night and my acne would probably go away. My acne wasn 't going away (somewhat mild) and so I used it. It made my skin awful the first two weeks, worse than I 've ever had. I was so frustrated, so after the second week of an awful face I stopped using it, and went back to my old skin routine of just benzoyl peroxide during the night and day. The the next morning my skin cleared bc I stopped using epiduo. I don 't recconend this to people with mild acne and sensitive skin. It made my skin really inflamed and red and didn 't help at all, and just made it worse.
So I had the nexplanon in for 7 months now.Im considering taking it out only because of the bleeding ,fatigue,head fogs,dizziness,depression,weight lost,Low sex drive,Vagina dryness,Vagina odor,Forgetfulness  etc. I went from 129 pounds to 123 pounds in 7 months. The bleeding was crazy for the last 6 months.I use to have a lot of spotting but that stop after the 5th or 4th month.Before using nexplanon my period was 3 days long but from 1st to the 6th months in it became 2 weeks long.Now that i 'm 7th months in it has became a week long.I have high tolerance so I don 't let most of these side effects bother me so that is probably why I haven 't taken the nexplanon out.I 'm scared to try an other birthcontrol methods.
I started using the Nuvaring approximately one month before my wedding day and never used any kind of hormonal birth control before. That was a mistake. I thought it 'd would be easier than trying to remember when to take a pill- and it was, except, that on my wedding night, I was experienced great discomfort, which I thought was due to lack of experience? Dryness and pain. Not fun at all. My newlywed husband and I didn 't think of it, until after the three weeks, and then the one week of not having the Nuvaring in. One week later, put a new ring in, and then started having serious pee issues- pain and burning, moodiness like all get-out, headaches. So five days later, took the ring out, and had another period! Am going to try the FemCap (2nd generation).
I just started taking hydroxyzine.  It kind of helps take the anxiety away but makes me feeling like I have no energy. Maybe my body needs to adjust to it.
Review part 2 ) Took this medicine for 6 months. No side effects until I was off the medication and ended up with acne returning and dry scalp and face. (Really bad) this medicine was not worth it. Never was. Believe all the warnings and this is coming from one of the lucky ones. Best believe at 17 I had everyone asking me what I was doing and saying my skin was equivalent to that of a toddler 's. But now I 'm 22 and this has gone away. Little reward for a high risk with long lasting effect... MAKE ANOTHER DRUG THAT DOESNT KILL YOU IF YOU WANT GOOD SKIN
I 'm nearing the end of the second month on this pill. First of all this pill does its job which is the only reason it got a 3. I am terribly emotional and I feel sick 3/4 weeks of the month. The only time I don 't feel at least a little off is when I take the brown pills to have my period. I 've also experienced horrible leg pains and aches. I 've been throwing up for the past 2 days and ever since starting I 've gotten horrible acne. I 'm going to try one more month and if no change I 'm talking to my doc about switching bc!!
I started Nexplanon about 2 years ago. At first I thought it was a great option for my lifestyle and my goals, but I just yesterday had it taken out. Yes, it is effective in preventing pregnancy, but the side effects snuck up on me and I just realized that a lot of problems I 've been having emotionally and physically are all due to the implant. I 've been getting angry at things that don 't even make sense, feeling depressed even though my life is great, eating a lot better than I ever have before and doing thousand calorie workouts five times a week, yet my weight has not gone down at all! I used to be able to lose weight crazy fast, and now it 's impossible. I 'm going back to the patch. Going through the side effects is NOT worth it!
First off it does work. But I had the worst side effects and it burnt all the way through my skin. I haven 't been able to walk properly for 5 days and my labia is completely burnt. I also got a brotholins cyst because of this and that is also SO painful. I 'll never use this again.
I have been on this medication for about 5 to 6 months. And it works great for birth control. Even if you miss a pill or too by a little bit, you 're still protected and it doesn 't effect your period. But ever since I got on the pill, I 'm not myself. I 'm constantly depressed, and get bad mood swings. And my I have literally no sex-drive what so ever.
Same as previous comment.  Made me sick to my stomach, serious diahrea.  Only took for 4 days and felt terrible, like I had the flu.  It did help the breathing, but not enough to put up with the side effects.
I was prescribed 0.1 mg tablets of this for anxiety and sleeplessness. It was good for anxiety attacks because it put me straight to sleep in about 10 minutes, but it didn 't help me sleep through the night. It also didn 't help with everyday anxiety.
I had this IUD put in almost two years ago. Pro: I 'm not pregnant. Cons: Constant spotting still to this day, no sex drive, can feel it every now and then, and my boyfriend can feel it but has gotten used to it.  I 'm not sure why everyone says it hurt to be put in, because mine didn 't. I did have to go back to have the string cut even more because it actually started to come out of me. Personally - I wouldn 't recommend getting this product. I will be taking mine out as my boyfriend has realized how annoying the spotting is. Can 't wear any cute underwear because you never know when the spotting will start up and not having a sex drive is a killer. Why have an IUD if you don 't even have a sex drive..?!
Before this I was on the Lo Lo estrine (which I 'm back on). This pill was way to strong for me it would cause me to miss a period every other month. Also the side effects were so BAD. I was super emotional the entire month I would be taking it. I also had so much anxiety and I would even wake up anxious frenquently. That never happened so often before. The bleeding was irregular. I also was bloated all the time. I definitely wouldn 't recommend this pill.
I suffer from crohns colitis, &amp; also I have severe PTSD  anxiety. I was constantly nauseous &amp; puking off &amp; on for a week straight. I went to the ER &amp; they prescribed me this medication. I took the medication, it took away symptoms for just a few minutes, &amp; I was back to puking 45 minutes later. I hate these pills!
The first four days it left me in a daze, but with the more time that passed the less it seemed to affect/help me.
I 've been taking birth control for 8 years now and I 've been on this pill for 6 months now not by choice (doctor took away my Yaz because of all the lawsuits). First 3 months were bad, mood swings, loss of sex drive and nausea. Fourth month was awesome but the past two months I 've been getting yeast infections. Try it for 3 months and see if it works for you, it just wasn 't for me.
I took this med for 2 weeks.   Within 3 days I was in full thrown into full a total manic state.  I was awake every night by 3am because I couldn 't sleep.  I spent quite a significant amount of money in a short amount of time!  I also put 4 pounds on in this time.  The only positive thing I can say is that it gave me energy.  The reason my pdoc tried me on it was depression and lack of energy.  I also have bipolar and have been on Lithium for 3 years and have been steady until I took Abilify. Needless to say I have stopped taking this med.
I 've been on Nortrel 7/7/7 for about 6 months.  I went on it to help with my endometriosis.  The first couple months, the pain was actually much worse.  Though that settled and is somewhat better now.  Not totally gone though.  I 've gained about 10 pounds in those 6 months.  I retain a lot of fluid while taking the active pills, and my breasts are continuously sore and heavy.  I 'm going to try something else with a lower estrogen level to try and get rid of this water weight.
I just switched from YAZ to Ocella, and since then I have been so emotional. Crying almost very day and mood swings are crazy! I was not like this at all when I was on YAZ.
This was the first birth control pill I went on. I broke out at first, but it went away after about 2 months. Breasts went from an A to a C (only good side effect) but it made me gain weight and also made me really emotional and angry all the time. I had to switch because of that. Now I 'm on Lutera.
I have been on this pill for 3 weeks and already can 't wait to switch to something else. After the first week I became severely depressed with heavy mood swings and no sex drive at all. I cried at everything. I felt nauseous almost every day. 
Testim must have the worst delivery system devised for any medical product.  And the gel takes forever to dry.....longer than I can wait.  So I go to work unsticking my undershirt from my skin for an hour.  It comes in 30 mini-toothpaste tubes.  The end must be punctured by the cap that has a point for that purpose.  Then you are to squeeze &quot;half&quot; from that little tube and spread it. THEN you put the little tube in your NOW sticky, slimey other hand and squeeze out as much of the rest as possible.  There is no way this is cost effective.I was forced to use Testim by my insurance company after 10 years of Androgel gel packs and then the pump........which was perfect.  I don 't like Testim at all and see no difference medically from Androgel
I have been on lo loestrin fe for about 3 months now and I have not had the greatest experience with it. First off, I was getting 2 periods a month, one being in the middle of the second week and the other during the week I was supposed to, and both periods were extremely painful and heavy. I told my doctors of my troubles and she ensured me that it would probably get better and to give it a couple more months before switching. It has gotten a little bit better but I ended up having to switch anyways because my insurance doesn 't cover this medication since it is not generic! Other than the 2 periods a month, I did not gain weight or breakout but it did take me forever to adjust so good luck to anyone who goes on this pill!
I took Gildess 1/20 for a full year. Everything started out fine, but around the 7-8 month mark, my periods started coming in all over the place and my skin broke out like I was in middle school. I either had two periods a month, or none at all. I didn 't notice any weight gain, but did experience occasional mood swings. Overall, it prevented pregnancy, but did not give me a regular cycle.
I started Yasmin about a month and a half ago and I feel like my acne has gotten worse! My face is at its worst ever right now, my jawline and cheeks are disgusting. I am also breaking out on my upper back. Not happy.As I am only in my second month of using this pill I am going to continue as others have said by month 4, 5 or 6 their skin has gotten better. Other 's have really discouraged me by saying at the end of month one they were acne free!! Not fair!!!
Works wonders, but the pump never functions beyond 30 out 120 times that is supposed to function
Review part 2 ) Took this medicine for 6 months. No side effects until I was off the medication and ended up with acne returning and dry scalp and face. (Really bad) this medicine was not worth it. Never was. Believe all the warnings and this is coming from one of the lucky ones. Best believe at 17 I had everyone asking me what I was doing and saying my skin was equivalent to that of a toddler 's. But now I 'm 22 and this has gone away. Little reward for a high risk with long lasting effect... MAKE ANOTHER DRUG THAT DOESNT KILL YOU IF YOU WANT GOOD SKIN
I just started taking this pill 12 days ago. I just got my period, which I shouldn 't get for another 12 days, with or without taking a birth control pill.  This is not &quot;spotting.&quot;  I also have been WAY oversensitive and crying about things for the past few days.  I was given this pill to manage my PMS emotions.  It 's not exactly working out.
It gave me excruciating cramps and I thought I was dying. I had to run to the bathroom constantly with explosive, watery stools. It gets the poop out but geez, do you pay for it.
This medication has its uses. I normally take my favorite sleep-aid Ambien XR, but do use Belsomra to take breaks off of it. It only works at max dose (20mg), and the side effects are being absolutely dead with energy the next day, and the worst is when you wake up. I would recommend trying the sample then see how it goes. It 's a hit or miss.
I had no preparationNever had kids It hurt so terribly and if I had knownI would have demanded pain killerAnd tranquilizer before AND for after!Don 't care if it 's 3 minutesIt 's traumatizing and betrayal of docPlus nausea and after affects last 2 daysPlus I should not have drivenI have had surgery broken bones and not a wuss- I have endometriosis so maybe it affects it- who  knows- I was sweating nauseous and cramping for 48 hoursI 've always had a bad period - so it 's a little better pain wise and not as heavy  but I bled weekly till recently ( spotting whatever) All I can say - the pain was bad enough to teach u that childbirth sucks -
I took Contrave for 2 weeks but didn 't lose any weight, it did help with some of my cravings and I felt like I was eating a lot less food. It made me feel Tipsy and felt like it was affecting my memory. I can 't believe that people are loosing all this weight and I 'm still at my start weight. What am I doing wrong???
I have been using yaz for about 2 months now and it as made my acne so much worse. I never have cystic acne in my life and now I 'm getting it all over my cheeks where I never use to have acne. My acne was mild before but now looks severe from all the red marks of healing old hyper pigmentation. I 'm 15 and obessed with my skin, and can 't look people in the eyes and go out. I 'm so fed up and I 'm going on accutane in 3 days. yaz may work for some people but I 'm telling you it throws your hormones to wack no matter what in the first month. Only difference I have seen on yaz is my whiteheads are smaller but skin is a lot worse over all. wishing you best of luck for finding something that works for you!
I had a free sample from my doctor. I was so happy when I first got it. I thought I couldn 't feel it, my vagina was swelling inside after 2 days. I am a clean person, I did not even have sex right after I got it. My boyfriend said he felt the ring was uncomfortable while we have sex. I could barely enjoy sex because it burned. I have problem peeing since it burns and I could feel the ring was so irritating inside me. My mood was swinging and I had so much attitude ever since I had the ring. It was worse than having PMS. I lost interest in sex. Other than being happy for not having to deal with birth control every day, I would not recommend it if you are sensitive like me.
Month 5 on Clomid, 25mg days 5-10 and still no luck. I 've been charting temps and using OPK 's,  while being monitored every month with scans and lab work. Side effects are rough after I O. I cramp and get backaches to the point where I can 't get out of bed. Thinking this will be my last month since I 've been gaining about 8lbs per month.
Been on Invokana for about two months, and while it lowered my insulin use (I 'm on a pump and was using about 250 units a day) it 's had some unpleasant side effects too.  There is some pain in the penis during sex, and after the act the penis has turned bright red and sore on some occasions.  It usually goes away in a day or two, but I 'm thinking about going off of it.  I 've also had stomach upset, lightheaded and dizzyness (especially on getting up).
This was just not the drug for me. While it did make me more level, I had a lot if side effects. I experienced compulsive eating, so i did gain weight. I was always tired and slept in late, and when I could finally get out of bed I felt like a zombie. I was very crabby and irritable... It was breastfeeding friendly and kept me relatively level so it did the job, but I was very happy to finally get switched off it when I weaned my son.
I was placed under general anesthesia for surgery.  In recovery the tube placed in my throat for inhalation had not been removed before I woke up.   I was in a panic.  I was screaming in my head that I can suffocating and yet in reality no one could hear me.  I had been given dilaudid along with a few other medications.  Later in my hospital room I where I was again given dilaudid.  I was not able to get anyone 's attention, but felt that if I fell asleep I would never wake up.  Either the experience or the medication caused me to have to concentrate on just breathing.  For pain it was great, but for breathing it seems like a nightmare.
The gel helps with the pain but my stomach was a little upset, I got a mild headache and I felt very drowsy and out of it. Yes I know it 's the gel but I still had side effects. I only rubbed in a small amount. I can 't swear by it but I think it also caused me to have several anxiety attacks which I think are related to the woozy out of it feeling. It says it makes you dizzy on the box.
I 've had this birth control for the full 3 years as of December 2015. My doctor informed me that I would have little to no bleeding. I would bleed from 3 to 6 months at a time. When it was brought to my Dr 's attention she advised me to give it time. Yes, it prevented pregnancy, but what they should 've said was that you wouldn 't be having sex enough to get pregnant. I wouldn 't be so terrible if it was light spotting but it was heavy the entire time. (A little tmi) it was suppose to help with my clotting but onlyl gotten worse. I 've finally taken my sister 's advice to get a new doctor but I will not recommend this form of contraception to anyone. Everyone 's experience is different I would strongly do research about all of your options firs.
I am on my third day of taking this now. First day: mild headache that got worse as the day went on, mild upset stomach, sleeping normal, itchy at night.Second day: bouts of nausea, strange uncomfortable feeling, hot and cold flashes, not a good sleep, itchy at night (worse).Third day: Feel really moody, negative and I have a strange feeling, also exhausted.It clearly isn 't for me. I don 't feel like &quot;myself&quot; in three days? Kind of scary.
I was on this pill for 4 years. The side effects were pretty bad. I 'd get migraines. I 'd cry a lot. I became paranoid about things. Had severe anxiety. Was depressed a lot. Pretty much things that I never felt before until I got on this pill. Very effective in preventing pregnancy but would otherwise not recommend.
So far, not too good. I 've been on it for a week and a half  and lost half a pound if I 'm lucky! It doesn 't  seem to have altered my Appetite very much! The worst thing is that my whole body seems stiff and everything is an effort. I had mild arthritis before, now it is severe, and seems to have become life altering! What should I do? 
I was on Beyaz for one month and had to switch. It made me tired and nauseous. It gave me the WORST headaches. They would last all day and Advil did not take the pain away. Maybe if I waited the whole 3 months, it would 've straightened out but I just couldn 't deal with the awful headaches. But like everyone says, everyone 's body is different. Only pro: my mild acne seemed to clear up.
I started taking Sertraline about a year and 3 month 's ago for generalized anxiety disorder as well as  depression. At first my doctor started me on 25mg per day for a month. For the first week it helped with my overall anxiety throughout the day but I was still experiencing anxiety and panic attacks up to 6 times a day depending on circumstances. After the first week it started to be less and less helpful until by the last week of the month it stopped altogether. My doctor continued this pattern of uping the dose by 25mg a month and the pattern continued to follow as far as the helpfulness of this drug for me for the rest of the year. It should also be noted that it did little to nothing for my depression at any point.
The first few days I took Amlodipine 5 mg, I felt like I was going to have an anxiety attack, and was a little Light Headed. As I got used to the Med, the feelings decreased but I still have that Panic feeling once in a while. After a week my Right leg and ankle became swollen, but not my Left leg? I also experience Nausea with this medicine and a loss of Appetite, which, in part, is good as I 'm overweight. However I could do without the Nausea. I always take this Medication with food and my other Meds in the morning. It has dropped my High Blood Pressure from 200/97 to 140/83. This is the only good thing about this medicine. I can 't put my finger on it, but I just don 't feel right since I 've been taking Amlodipine 5 mg. 
didnt work
About 3 months ago I started using the cream every night &amp; the first few nights it burned then my face peeled for 2 weeks after that but my face hasn 't cleared up and I still get big cystic pimples but my blackheads are starting to go away.
I hate this birth control, I 'm 18 I got it inserted late July 2015 so about 8 months. I only got this so I wouldn 't forget to take the pill and for my periods because they were so heavy! I was on my period for about 5 months including the heavy spotting. I just recently got off my period a month ago and now it hasn 't came back. This birth control makes me break out even worse, I know I 'm a teen and break outs are normal but come on I have it all over my back and chest and on my cheeks and I wash and moisturize twice a day. Also with this birth control it makes me very moody and slightly depressed. I highly do not recommend this type of protection. Personally I 'm thinking about going back to the pill.
Sure just take a pill and your life is going to be good. I went to the doctor for sleep and said I was stressed, so they give me an antidepressant. People don 't realize this stuff changes your brain and is bad for you. You just need exercise and good nutrition and it will change your life (I think). I 'm only going to try it for two weeks just to feel what people are saying they feel. The doctor should have given me xanax or something simaliar. I 've seen some antidepressants do some bad nasty things to people. Not to mention these side effects they cause.
Only giving it a 3 because I didn 't get pregnant on it. Other wise hurt like crazy to put in bled non stop for the first year and a half (seriously). I gained 50 pounds. Couldn 't loose weight even on strict diet and exercise. I 100% lost my sex drive. It would hurt where the implant was. Had acne in place I didn 't know you could get it. Very expensive to get removed with out insurance. Got it removed a week and a half ago and worst pain and discomfort during removal and Im STILL bruised. Wouldn 't recommend to my worst enemy.
I have been feeling nauseous and have headaches all the time. I also have a cough which is annoying. I have been on the medication for three months and thought I had a gastrointestinal disease until I read all the comments on side effects. I feel better knowing where these symptoms are coming from. 
I took this at night per my doctor, and about the 3rd week I noticed a huge change in my energy and I started having severe muscle cramping and weakness.  I woke up in the morning feeling beat up and muscle soreness everywhere.  It didn 't really help with my issue either.  I stopped taking it, and 3 days later the muscle soreness was completely gone
So I started taking this BC when Gildess got discontinued. Up until that point I had absolutely no problems for the almost 2 years I was taking Gildess. After switching to Blisovi though, I 've had slightly more cramping, tender breasts, and gained about 15 pounds. I 've been the same weight for 5 years and all the sudden, I 've gained all this weight. I 'm just now connecting it to the BC after reading reviews of the same thing happening to others. My periods are very light, and last no more than 3 days.  Overall, not happy with this BC.
My feet have always been the worst, with hands next. My feet actually got better but my hands are way worse and now I have plaques on the front of my legs. A bad trade off !!
It worked on the fibromyalgia pain, but it caused my brain to malfunction.  I couldn 't think, I became forgetful, I got  'lost and confused ' in my own house, my head felt as if it was full of cobwebs and I was walking in a fog all the time, I 'd wake up as tired as I had been when I went to bed unless I drank a few beers or had a couple of glasses of wine. I am now in pain AND depressed. Trying to locate a natural [herb/spice] for fibromyalgia pain and subsequent depression.
Bactrim ds cleared up my infected finger, just like most antibiotics do. The difference is in the side effects. The nausea and diarrhea are worse on this one. But the biggest problem was that my depression which I had under control with medication became worse than ever overnight. I don 't know whether it interfered with my antidepressant  (bupropion xl) or just aggravated the symptoms so much that it was uncontrollable. Either way, I spent a week alternating between despair and rage on a hair trigger. I would not try this again.
It made me ill for 2-3 days after infusion, including headaches and nausea. I was also very sluggish, and more tired. That was hard to accept with the acute chronic fatigue syndrome I already deal with.
was prescribed cefdinir 300mg twice daily for 10 days for a sinus infection. I was having sinus headaches and mild fever prior, so at first I did not realize that the headache was from cefdinir now, and not from sinus issues. After first 5 days, severe diarrhea developed, and headaches and nausea continued. But it did seemingly clear whatever was happening in the sinuses. I am on day 6. if headaches and stomach issues don 't stop, will have to stop at day 7 and see if need another antibiotic or done. It 's a very rough drug, and reading all the long term possible effects is a bit scary.
I was diagnosed with CPP at the age of 7 and began the course of Lupron shots monthly and would go every six months for check-ups. I did get my period one time when I was 8 years old while still on the shot. I must have started treatment too late because I never reached my full adult height. Now, at the age of 22, I am right under 5 ft. (4 '11). It caused a lot of weight gain as well.
Today is my first day on this. I am a 42 yo female. My beginning weight is 211 lbs. not gonna lie, reading get side effects scared me, but I decided to try. I 'm cautiously optimistic. So far mild jitters.
Honestly, would not recommend. It sounded like a pretty good deal; not having to take pills, potentially losing a period but it caused more trouble than good. I went from having clear skin (rarely a zit) to the worst acne of my entire life all over my face and back, weight gain (while running 3-4 miles 5 times a week), and non stop spotting and two week long periods. Just started back on the pill today, and hoping all the side effects go. Good luck!
This worked great for me in regards to my overactive bladder. Sadly, it also made me feel like I had a urinary tract infection most of the time. NOT a good feeling.
Left a very unpleasant taste in my mouth the entire time.
Started taking generic brand first two months worked fine three days into my third pack started spotting now I 'm full blown on my period. Have always bled for five days and always lighten up by fourth day I 'm still bleeding very heavy and it 's day six not sure if I should stop taking pill or wait it out
Helped but only for about an hour or so, symptoms soon returned. I was on maximum dose, with some relief, but switched to something better
I have had many problems (one being that it took me a lot of time for my body to get used to it) with this product. The worst side effect has been the onset of diabetes which this product is responsible for.  The question I had of my cardiologist is why in the world would he prescribe it to a high risk candidate like me -- I am Hispanic, in my 50s when it was prescribed.  I informed my PA of this after my last crisis and she is looking into prescribing a different product (one given at the hospital) but this after a few years on Toprol.  I figure that without the change from this medicine I don 't stand a chance of reversing my diabetic condition.
I began this medicine a year ago and have been stable at one dosage, 40 mg, for 7 months. I have experienced a large weight gain of 20 lbs on my small frame and have become very unhappy. I trusted my physician when I chose this medication. He told me it is one of the only SSRI 's that does not cause weight gain. I feel all the positive side effects I first experienced have faded. I am going to be going off the medication this week with hopes of losing the weight. Gaining so much weight for a young girl is counterproductive when considering what the medication is originally prescribed for. I am a 23 yr old female.
An update after ca. 1 month on Mirtazapine: Now on 22.5 mg mirt (evening) and still 200 mg of Sertraline (morning). The mirt worked very well to start with, but after 2 weeks my anxiety has come back with a vengeance, and the body screams for benzos (but not getting any). Stopped with diazepam one month ago, so it may still be withdrawal effects? My thoughts about the past and future fuel anxiety and then the anxiety fuels the thoughts and there you go... Ringing in my ears and the same melody playing in my head over and over again, palpations and feeling miserable. Any advice? Not a miracle drug after all?
Errin was great for me for 9 months until I stopped breastfeeding my son. He just turned 10 months and I just found out I 'm pregnant! I 've always taken it at exactly the same time of day and haven 't missed a pill without using a backup method of protection. Surprise!
I got Mirena inserted about a month ago. I have been bleeding since the insertion and it 's really annoying. I 've read some good and bad reviews. Mostly women complain about the bleeding and weight issues. Hopefully it works out for the best or else I 'm taking this thing back out!
I first started with a low hormone pill called Azurette. I was having heavy periods that lasted for a week and terrible acne, so I decided to try Yaz and my doctor prescribed me Gianvi, first month my face was completely clear and my period used to last 3 days max but my anxiety and mood changes got worse and my sex drive went from 10 to zero because I was very dry, also noticed my skin got really dry too and I looked like a 60 year old lady!
I 'm on Flexeril generic brand for muscle spasms l take 5mg three times a day and it 's not helping me at all it barely knicks my pain does anyone know what does work cause l need something a lot stronger
I 'm on my third set of shots,and I 'm experiencing a few problems, and I don 't know if these are severe and should I be worried....on my left side my scalp is a little  raw I have a huge knot behind my ear, I 'm getting more knots in my head iIm nauseated dizzy have diarrhea, I can 't sleep,  I can 't brush my hair.....my left side hurts this is the worst headache I have had yet, my neck hurts, my left side is numb the left side of my face is swollen my eye is swollen also only the left side.   I get my next round of shots in March, it will be my fourth set of shots I haven 't had side effects like this before can any body help me????
Got it put in November 2014, removed January 2016. I had 12 yeast infections, 1 E coli infection. Boobs hurt a week or so before my period then a light menstrual flow, gained 15lbs in my gut only. Insane pain in my right ovary. I hated it. Had implanon before but after 5 mos of bleeding finally got it removed and IUD put in. Removed last week started heavy period right away. I hated it.
I feel so sad. I 've been on this medicine for 8 weeks. I don 't sleep through the night (but am not tired during the day), have been having more bad dreams than usual, and am more irritable. I take it for major depression/anxiety and started on 50mg, but my doctor upped it to 100mg. Sincerely,tired of trying meds
I suffer from Sever Psychotic Depression I 've been taking mirtazapine for up to 6 to 7 months. it worked well at the start but after a month it was like stuffing medication inside me and nothing helping. just yesterday I got 30mg and it helped  a lot, maybe they help at the start but I 'm scared I will get addicted . I have gained 3 stones because of the medication . I cant stop eating and after eating a big meal  I 'm still hungry, I feel lazy most of the time, Quetiapine is a failure, it will only help to fall asleep 30 mins or an hour after taking it, but the next morning i feel worse hallucinations and illusions i will request you to see how it goes for the first moth , if theres any cure then great if not the please tell a Psychiatris
I was on Loestrin 24 for 6 months. No mood swings or side effects, but I just switched because my breakthrough bleeding got bad. I would have spotting off and on and then I was having a period the week before my brown pills. My doctor said this level of estrogen was too low for my body, but otherwise I think it was fine.
I was reluctant to try Linzess and I wish I 'd listened to myself! horrid pain for hours, cramping, stomach pain, belching, lightheaded, chills, and now spasms, definitely a setback in my GI saga. I 'm irritable and completely out of sorts too - my poor family!  At one point I thought I 'd faint and need urgent care. I 'm lucky my kids were here to help. I took it as directed, so that 's not the issue. I 'm just posting in case anyone else experiencing a negative reaction is wondering if they 're alone. You 're not. It 's not for everyone.
I am a 44 year old Hispanic female. I am 5 ' 1&quot; and weigh 156 lbs. I wear a size 10-12 dress. I started Saxenda yesterday, August 2, 2016. I am terrified of needles and did not think I would be able to give myself the shot this morning but I handled it like a champ.  I had some slight burning at the injection site but it quickly faded. I have had no nausea but have a horrible headache.I had a slice of wheat bread with 2 tsp. of peanut butter for breakfast and had to force myself to take a few bites at lunch.  I have no appetite and feel full after drinking a glass of water.
Excruciating  pain  in ear since  June .Been on tegretol since. From 600mg to 1200Then surgery. Still  having  pain. Still on 900mg
I am 43, and Doctor says I am perimenopausal. My progesterone is not high enough. I did not have my period since November. My doctor prescribed me Provera. Have taken for 5 days and started my period on a second day after taking the last pill. Started bleeding like a normal flow on Tuesday. Had minor cramping. Since Tuesday cramping was getting worse and worse. And today on Friday could not go to work as I am passing large blood clots. Have to change super pads every hour. Can 't wait for this nightmare to stop. How long can this heavy part last? The last 24 hours were awfully heavy, losing too much blood. Should I go to emergency room? Or should I wait? My doctor said to wait it out. But I am crying, and feeling miserable.
I am on my first pack, one and a half weeks before my placebo week. I had dark brown spotting for three weeks, starting the second month. It has progressed into a period. I 'm going to do one more pack to see if anything changes, but this is a horrible side effect. I chose Jolessa because I 'm a newly wed and I didn 't want as many periods. In addition to the spotting, my sex desire doesn 't exist. This is very challenging, as my breasts have grown significantly and my husband like breasts. On a positive note, I didn 't get pregnant while I was able to have sex. That 's wonderful. Now, I can 't get pregnant because I 'm not having sex. Thanks Jolessa.
I 've never encountered hay fever allergies prior to this spring, so as soon as it all began, I decided to do some research. Allegra looked like my best bet because it claimed that drowsiness was not a side effect, and I was told it would work quickly! I decided on the 24-hr. I have yet to notice a difference and have not been sleeping very well! 
I was put on this medication to help with pain associated with endometriosis. I have suffered with it for years. When I first started it, I had break through bleeding, extremely sore breasts and mood swings. Eventually after a couple months, my body adjusted and the breast tenderness subsided pretty much and I no longer had irregular bleeding. I was instructed to take this medicine for 3 months continuously and have a period only once every 3 months. I also suffer with migraines so my doctor put me on topomax 50 mg to help prevent them. The medicines interacted each other and I bled so heavily and had labor like cramps. I stopped topomax and my body still hasn 't regulated.
I started this medicine 09 DAYS ago. I had my first panic attack ever like a month ago. My anxiety started about 2 months ago after receiving a phone call with a bad news. I was so anxious that I stopped eating and sleeping. During those past two months I was feeling very anxious in the mornings and afternoons and some times back to my normal self at night. I developed a social phobia as well. Paxil has terrible side effects, nausea, insomnia, total loss of appetite ( didn 't have much to start with) drowsiness, involuntary muscle movements...... etc. I thought about stopping it the third day because of insomnia. I made it to day 9 and my anxiety isn 't realty better.doc said give it more time.
I had Nexplanon inserted in December 2014 after giving birth to my first child in October 2014.  The first couple of months were rocky.  Off and on periods.  One day I was fine, the next I would bleed.  Mostly light bleeding but some heavy.  Now, October 2015, I have not have any spotting or bleeding a since April (AT LEAST) and all of the sudden I start bleeding today.  I have had bad weight gain with this method.  And call me crazy (but I know a couple others  that have experienced this as well)....I feel pregnancy symptoms sometimes.  I have actually felt what feels like movement as if I am pregnant and the baby is kicking.  Weird.  Nausea.  Horrible headaches.  I am considering switching to another method.  I have tried pill and Depo.
I was on this pill for 2 years. I originally got on for acne and just for general protection but I had some negative effects. The first few months I had horrible nausea. I had to take it right before bed and I vomited a few times. After a while my body adjusted and it was perfect for me, until I got pregnant. I took it the same time every night and still managed to get pregnant. After birth I got back on and it 's made my skin a living nightmare. I switched to ortho cyclen with hopefully more luck.
I started this pill in May.  I have gained 12 lbs.  I can 't stop gaining. Even exercise, diet, etc. doesn 't help.  I lost 22 lbs on weight watchers and I have gained back more than 1/2.  I can 't lose weight, can 't stop gaining and my breasts went up a size and hurt.   I lost weight with diet and exercise on Yaz.
I took 2 Bonine tablets (1-2 tabs recommended on label) and felt ok - was able todrive and go to places.  Took another one before bed and I overslept only to wake up with a heavy headedness, like I was on antidepressants. Did not like the feeling and did not want to go driving under these conditions.
Tried this after a motorcycle accident gave me some issues.  Didn 't really do anything.  I 've used viagra/cialis in the past just for fun, and both of those gave results.  With this one, couldn 't tell you I even took anything.
I took one at 2:30 in the afternoon, in the middle of the night I was awakened by heart palpitations and spent hours in the ER. I had a CAT scan of the heart, EKG, echocardiogram and XRAY. I thought I was going to having a heart attack or stroke.
I 'm only rating Mirena a three because of what I have felt so far.  I 've had it for about three weeks now.  I am 35 and a mother to my three year old son. Getting it put in was very, very painful and I was so happy that my husband came with me because there would 've been no way I could drive myself home.  I had a C-section with my son and that is probably the reason why it hurt so much.  In the three weeks I 've had it, I have felt lots of cramping, bloating and gained three pounds.  I 'm not myself, tired and moody.  I 'm giving it one more month to decide whether or not to have it removed.
After I took lutera, within an hour I would feel a rush of fatigue and want to sleep. I would end up taking two, three hour long naps- which threw off my sleep cycle. My breasts hurt, and I was extremely aggressive during my month on this pill. Toward the end I started spotting the 4th day of the third week, and I am on the 3rd day of my period week- and so far I have been spotting for 7 days. My acne got worse, when this was supposed to help. I did not experience bleeding at first. Wouldn 't recommend this pill. I am switching to Yaz.
I would only recommend this birth control to someone that is trying to sleep with my boyfriend-because it made me bloated, bleed constantly for 2 months, back aches (complete period symptoms non stop for 2 months), and gain weight- huge turn offs to anyone.  I am in so much bodily discomfort and have been bleeding for so long now it is definitely preventing pregnancy.  I cannot wait to switch to another form of birth control.  It feels like a combination of Irritable Bowel Syndrome and being pregnant.
I used the Ortho Evra patch for five years, but my doctor didn 't like it, so he switched me to this. I had weight gain, not a lot, but about 5 -7 lbs, enough to notice, then after taking it for 3 months I stopped having periods all together, My doctor told me to go off it and after 2 months, my period was back.
I have been on spiro at 100mg for about seven months. First, the plus side is that I have had almost no side effects. I only experienced side effects when I temporarily increased my dosage to 150mg to control a bad outbreak. Even then, the side effects were just headaches and having to pee a lot. The down side is that it never fully cleared my acne. Where I started spiro, I would say I had moderate acne, which I 've had since middle school (I 'm 18 now). I now have mild-moderate acne, depending on the day. The last few months I haven 't had a single completely clear day. Overall, I 'm disappointed. This was supposed to be the thing that finally worked.
I 've gotten 2 shots so far, and I 'm pretty sure it 's making me completely crazy.  Even scarier, since I started this medicine, I started getting crazy headaches. I was at work and my face started going numb and then I started seeing all these bright lights and then I couldn 't see out of my left eye... Btw I 'm 28. I haven 't gotten pregnant, so it 's effective for that, however I would NOT recommend this. I 've always been moody, but the feelings I 've experienced with this are so overwhelming sometimes... it feels like I 'm going to have a panic attack like every other day. It 's good if you want to be depressed, literally question your mental health, bleed every single day ... Totes switching.
I took this at night per my doctor, and about the 3rd week I noticed a huge change in my energy and I started having severe muscle cramping and weakness.  I woke up in the morning feeling beat up and muscle soreness everywhere.  It didn 't really help with my issue either.  I stopped taking it, and 3 days later the muscle soreness was completely gone
I`ve been on truvada daily for more than 5 years. I have had numerous problems tho it has kept my viral load undetectable. Most recent issues are elevated creatine, elevated lipase, UTI`s, nausea, vomiting, bloating. They are slowly ruling out all other causes but I am suspecting it is the meds. I started on truvada, norvir and lexiva but after a few years on that combo my liver began to fail. They stopped the HIV meds then but opted to reintroduce the truvada as it 's excreted thru kidneys and added isentress. That was changed to tivicay and truvada which is my current regimen.
Was just prescribed this medicine (the instant -release, not extended-release) for sleep and anxiety. I was told to take 150-300mg at night for sleep. I took 150mg last night and have been half asleep, mind in a fog, can 't focus, etc. all day. I 'm thinking I need to cut the dose back a lot. My anxiety is gone because I just don 't have the energy to be anxious about anything right now. I have no idea if my sleep was &quot;better&quot; because I did wake up several times, but I fell asleep faster than normal each time I woke up.
I was using it for a sinus infection. Have had so many side effects including what I think are hives.
I took Micardis on and off for over two years.  It caused me to have  leg cramps.  It controlled my blood pressure, but I would avoid taking it at times because of the leg cramps.  I developed severe hip and leg pains, which I think may have been caused by the Micardis.  I have switched to another blood pressure medicine in the last couple of months and I 'm hoping the hip and leg pains will continue to subside.
I 'm 18 years old. I am on month 4 of this pill and will be discontinuing its use once this pack is done. It cleared up my acne completely by month 3, which is why I am on it, but the mood swings are not worth clear skin. Im prone to anxiety, but my depression and anxiety have sky-rocketed, I feel completely hopeless and have panic attacks every day. My heart is always racing, and I also feel nauseated so easily. This pill makes me feel like Im going insane. Feeling this bad is not worth clear skin, but I give it a 3 only because it did clear up my acne amazingly. Would not recommend.
I came down with a UTI on 4/1/17. My Primary Care Provider couldn 't get me in so I ended up going to Urgent Care on 4/6/17 as I couldn 't stand to suffer any longer. (I have compromised kidneys so nearly every time I get a UTI it develops into a kidney infection) The Urgent Care doctor prescribed me Cefuroxime. I was surprised when I picked it up from the pharmacy because it wasn 't the same anti-biotic that I normally get prescribed for my UTI/kidney infections. Today is 4/10/17 and I still feel absolutely awful. It seems to be having no effect. I 'm used to feeling better relatively quickly with the other antibiotic that I 'm normally prescribed. I guess I 'll be heading back to the doctor this week!
At first I thought lexapro was helping but the only positive aspect was that it slightly helped my thoughts not spin out of control but not enough to keep taking since the side effects were awful! Weight gain, bloating, and others but the worst was that I could NOT hold still.  I was constantly moving and restless physically!  It drove me and everyone around me insane. Coworkers complained, boyfriend complained. It was a nightmare and also NO sex drive. Got off.  Feel fine. So much better.
This medication was prescribed to me for a bladder infection. After I took the second dose I woke in the middle of the night with the worst headache I 've ever had in my whole life! I literally thought I might have to go into see the doctor. After it subsided I read all the reviews I could about this medication and it side effects.  It seemed as though it was starting to work for my bladder infection but the terrible side effects were not worth it. I called my doctor and they prescribed Cipro instead. It took care of my infection with no side effects.
It made me lose my drive in life. It was good initially for psychotic thoughts but I wouldn 't recommend using it long term.
I have tried probably over 15 birth control pills since 2005.  I have a health condition that makes it a bit harder for me to be on higher dose bcp 's.  I was on Errin for 6 months and was bleeding nonstop, so my doctor changed me to Lo Loestrin Fe.  I have been on it for exactly 1 month and I wish I would have never touched this medicine.  In 1 month I have gained 7 lbs, I am extremely emotional (I broke down crying watching a cooking show for goodness sake), constant heart burn, bad headaches every other day, can 't sleep, I am thirsty constantly...the list goes on.  To me the side effects are not worth it.
Just started this med 2 weeks ago. I feel awful: generally ill feeling (like a cold or flu), severe headache, nausea, vomiting, muscle cramping (feels like I 've done a massive workout and let the muscles cool down without stretching), muscle weakness (where it 's a chore to lift arms and legs...skin pain, too), trouble sleeping, I can feel my heart pounding and hear it in my ears, coughing, and I don 't know what else. I have spoken to my doctor and been told this will go away, but I 'm concerned. My vision wasn 't great before, but seems worse now. Not sure what to do...
I have been on restasis for about a year and do not see much improvement. In fact, everytime I use it my eyes burn for about an hour and it blurs my vision.  I am still using other moisture drops in my eyes several times a day and the PM eye ointment at night.  I will stop using it as I don 't see a difference.  IF there are people oiut there that cannot afford this medication, ask yoiu doctor for a card that will give you a discount or maybe you can get it for free as I did.
It made it hard to sleep and I 'm groggy all day long. I 'm not a fan. 25mg at night.
My doctor gave me a free sample pack of Strattera and had me start at 20mg, and increase the dose all the way to 80mg. I didn 't notice a difference until I got to 60mg, and at 80mg, the side effects became all too apparent. I noticed that I was able to focus on a particular topic for longer periods of time, but that 's it; my motivation, procrastination, sluggishness, irritability, memory problems, all remained the same. Now for the side effects, my head starts to itch, my testicles become very tender, but worst of all I start to get depressed. I don 't think this medication is for someone without the Hyperactivity part of ADHD. Because I am sluggish enough as it is.
Doctors stuck me on this.  Once my numbers were normal, they didn 't care about the symptoms.  Refused to change treatment.
Depression was much better but the side effects were too bad to risk. Blood pressure increased, felt hot all of time and nausea that would not subside. But for once I did feel like my depression was much better. Back to Celexa now
Not sure about any medicine I take.  But Januvia was 56 bucks in Sept 14, now it is 96 bucks,  Got a letter from them after complaining, their answer priced competitively, what does that mean when there is not competition?????   There is no Generic and they know it.  Tempted to take myself off of it, found that if I forget it for two days, I crash when resuming the medicine..
MY PCP prescribed pristiq for my depression, anxiety, mood issues etc. He told me that the drug takes a few weeks before you could see a difference but I feel like I experienced everything the first day I took the drug. Although my mood and energy improved and felt better overall the side effects were so severe I decided to discontinue after the first day. My side effects started with heart palpitations, sweating, dizziness and a faint feeling. This later subsided but turned into nausea and loss of appetite I couldn 't eat anything that day and even water made me gag. That night I slept for a total of 3 hours I couldn 't stay asleep and the time I did fall asleep it felt like I wasn 't asleep at all. My body felt numb and my heart was racing.
The medicine worked great to counter my sinusitis and I was breathing better after just one dose. But the side effects are almost unbearable. Nausea, dizziness, headache, lightheaded, dry mouth and constipation. The dizziness and lightheadedness kicks in after about an hour of taking the pill and lasts for about 5 hours. Very difficult to function normally and trying to work while taking this medicine. 
Little positive results.  Caused excessive dry mouth and markedly reduced ejaculate.
This medication did not work for me.  It is important to note, however, that I suffer more from anxiety than depression.  On Pristiq I felt like I was on a constant roller coaster.  I gave the medication 3 (long) months.  I would wake up in the night with panic attacks and would surprise even myself with sudden outbursts.  Not to mention, it was super expensive. NOT worth it for me. I 'm back on Zoloft and Xanax and feeling MUCH better.
I 'm a 65 year old female who has just been diagnosed with Tourette 's Syndrome. Only been on medication 1 week very low dose. I 've already gained weight and experienced dull mind also energizing. Orap scares me for my age. My tic is a throaty burping sound. This whole experience is rare and unbelievable. My tic is slowing somewhat.
My partner was told he had chlamydia I am pregnant and went to the doctor the very ne t day to get tested. I will have the results in 2 days but if he has it the doctors pretty sure I do. I was given the 1gram powder I mixed with it water and it tasted TERRIBLE I gagged but just swallowed my throw up so I still digest it. I have work early in the morning and have really bad diarrhea now. My stomach will not stop bubbling and I am unable to sleep. Yeah it 's nice to get rid of this problem so easy with one dose but my god it makes you feel terrible
I 've been on Pritiq two years now and it 's a nightmare to get off of them.  I wish I would have never started them going off of them is so hard the side effects are probably close to an addict coming off drugs.  I 've only missed a dose and I feel like hell. DO NOT GO ON THEM TRY ANOTHER ANTIDEPRESSANT!!If I knew then what I know now about the withdrawal effects I would have stayed on Citalipram.  as Pritiq is time released pill you can 't just take a smaller dose to go off.  Living nightmare as I don 't find much benefit from them for depression and now I can 't get off them without feeling like I 'm going insane.
I have been taking Zyban for a week now. I have quit smoking. It makes the cigarettes taste like you are licking an ashtray. I have also had horrible side effects. When I take my first dose of the day my ears start ringing, I sweat profusely with hot flashes, dry mouth, my hands turn bright red and am dizzy. When I take my second dose I can 't sleep when I try to go to bed, and if I do go to bed I have nightmares. I am going to keep taking it though. I am hoping the side effects stop or lessen.
My shocks lasted 1-2 seconds,50 times a day..level 4 to 10.I could handle that. a little over a week ago I experienced the most painful shock/stab that was off the charts. It hit me on my right side, my lip gum, nose, nasal passage and spread out into my cheek. It kept striking me and got worse and worse. It left me the same way it came. It lasted about 5 minutes. I started taking the carbamazepine that afternoon. 100 mgX 3 a day. No strikes after 2 doses. I regret telling everyone how wonderful it was working. The last 2 few days I 've had 1 small shock a day, I 've started to feel pain in my nasal passage. I got a shock this evening about 7. I 'm worried the meds going to stop working. I 'll add another 100mg at bedtime if need be.I 'm scared!
Works for congestion &amp; allergy symptoms but gave me terrible insomnia and jitters. 
April 1st, 2016 I finally decided to declare war against acne &amp; visit a dermatologist to formulate an  attack plan. I 've had periods within my life where my skin would clear up with over the counter treatments but as an Bi-racial/African American woman I found that All skin types did not refer to &quot;my skin type&quot;. I found that my skin loved the Winter and Fall while the rest of me loved Spring and Summer. Within a short 2 weeks I 've seen drastic changes in my skin from the luster to the minimum break outs that I would normally see this time of year. I have noticed moderate dry peeling patches that a little moisturizer hasn 't eliminated &amp; more wind burned type chapped lips but would definitely recommend Amnesteem to my fellow mature women!
Switched from atenolol to Coreg CR to avoid the wall I would hit when doing cardio-exercise. I felt less of the wall from the cardiac side, but seemed to not breath as easily while doing cardio and while at rest. Felt like I had to force myself to take deep breaths on Coreg CR. Never had that happen with atenolol. Also, lost some libido on Coreg CR which wasn 't an issue with atenolol. Switched back to atenolol and these issues all went away. 
Seems like the whole world is on antidepressants these days.  Docs doling them like candy. I was on a low dose of lexapro for years and finally got off of it (which wasn 't a pleasant experience either) I might add. I had gained 20 lbs, was exhausted with no energy a mandatory 2 hr afternoon nap,  oh yeah and it zaps your libido! All things to consider. I 've switched to Wellbutrin and seem to have much less side effects.
Absolutely awful side effects. First the dark urine color (not really a problem, but bizarre), then the fatigue, the nausea, the total loss of appetite. I was on this for 10 days for a c.diff infection (caused by clindamycin... AVOID CLINDAMYCIN) and I lost ten pounds. I had to force food down my throat just so I wouldn 't wither away, and I could barely get out of bed. Took care of the worst of the c.diff, but not all of it. I still have a c.diff culture in my gut 6 months later.
I went on this pill to help with heavy periods. I have gained weight, I have blurred vision and my body aches constantly. I took myself off this pill.  This is my body and I know what works for me. I will have to figure out which is worse heavy cycle or side effects.
Vyvanse didn 't work for me. I had to switch back to Adderall XR. Vyvanse had no effect on my mood or concentration levels at all.
This is my first birth control ever. I am 18 years old, 116lbs and am on my third week. It made my vagina really dry. Gave me emotional mood swings. I am also upset at my boyfriend and feeling angry. I have no sexual drive. I am definitely going to try another pill.
Diarrhea...enough said.
Sure, I feel great. But I 've gained 20 pounds. I was 125, now I 'm nearly 150. I 'm a teenager, I don 't need this. I don 't even know why they put me on this drug in the first place.Not to mention that my hands have been shakey and slow. I 'm an artist. This just isn 't right for me.
When I take in am, I 'm so tired for 3 hours to the point of dozing off and on.At night I 'm like a fish in bed, flopping all over! Restless, up down can 't sleep. Why?
I started taking this pill to help with my very painful periods.  It did help them become more manageable, but the side effects made me decide to stop taking it after 3 months.  My acne got very out of control.  My face was completely covered in big, painful red zits.  Also, my hair got very greasy.  I would wash it every morning and by 2 pm it would look dirty again.  Other than that, it was fine.  I didn 't gain weight, no nausea, and increased sex drive.  I tried to make it work because everything else was okay, but in the end, the acne just got too bad for me (but I tend to have acne prone skin anyway).
I got this birth control in May of 2015. The first four months on this birth control I didn 't have any problems. In October of 2015 is when the whole bleeding on and off dilemma began. I started bleeding after I had sex with my husband days later. I also gained weight and have horrible depression. It prevented pregnancy that 's the only benefit. I 'm angry that I ever even recommend this birth control to people I know. My advice would be to stay away from this implant.
Week 3 -extreme vertigo,  nausea, fuzzy brain.  Stopped in week 4, did curb my appetite but no energy. Disappointed it didn 't work for me.
I 've been on this for about 6 months and the first few months were great. I felt no difference after switching from a different pill. The last few months on the other hand have been terrible! I 've been so moody (cry at the drop of a hat, always mad and irritated) and I 've been having terrible cravings. I have also experienced in between periods spotting and general discomfort in my body.
Started taking this pill due to the severe cramps I suffer when I do have my period. Started the pill Sunday following the start of my period and I m bleeding heavy again with cramps. I felt the nausea and vomiting. I 'm not comfortable with the side affects. I 'm not a damn Guinea pig. Done
I have suffered from acne since I was in middle school. I have tried everything from birth control, to Bactrim, to topical sulfer products. My acne finally cleared up when I turned 18, and then once I stopped by Bactrim, it all came back! Worse than ever! My doctor prescribed me doxy (100mg 2x day) and I 'm 3 weeks into it. So far I have experienced my acne getting worse - but slowly clearing up my back and chest. My face has gotten slightly better this third week so we will see how it goes. Not sure what to expect at this point.
I have had a small improvement with sulfazine, but unfortunately I started having severe ringing in the ears after 6 months, also it gave me pain in my achilles tendon and calves at night.   Keep in mind that I had the pain side effect also with cholestrol medications, but not the ringing in the ears.
I am in my second pack of Loestrin and its awful. I had just ended my period when I first started taking it, then I started it again after my first week of pills. I have currently been on my period now for 4 and a half weeks. Not only that, but I have gained 5 pounds since I 've started. I 'm an extremely active person, but this pill has made me so tired and hungry all the time. I 've had the craziest dreams and it just hasn 't been a good experience at all. I just can 't get over the fact that I 've been on my period this whole time and that I 've gained weight (and its noticeable). 
I started taking Apri as a replacement for Seasonique. My sex drive is completely gone and my cramps are horrid. I 'm not pregnant though, and its really cheap. My period is on time every month and very light but the negatives definitely outweigh the positives. Whats the point of being on birth control if I don 't even want sex?
Took first dosage at 6:15pm - NOTHING happened but cramps!!! It 's 2:54am and I finished my second dosage and STILL nothing is happening.  I 'm beyond bloated!   Procedure is at 7am.  !!!
Well it stopped my cough...but it also gave me extremely watery diarrhea that had me running to the bathroom every 10-30 minutes for hours and hours. It must have been at least 8 hours before my stomach calmed down. It left me feeling dehydrated and sick, but hey. At least my cough was gone, right?
I just started taking TriNessa, So far I have horrible nausea and terrible migraines. I am getting signs of depression and I am restless all night. Its hard for me to eat or ride in a car because of nausea. I am constantly dehydrated all day and I have the worst case of dry mouth. I hope that all of this will go away after a few months so I 'll continue to take the pill. The only positive so far is that my acne is going away.
Didn 't help and left me tired and with a metallic taste.
My 13 year old daughter has been taking Doryx for 18 months. It has not done much for her. Her acne seems worse now than its ever been. She used two topical ointments; Rentin A Micro and Onexton which kept it under control, but still lots of acne on face, back shoulders with some on her chest and arms. Now, using Veltin topical with Doryx and it 's the worse combination with worsening acne. My insurance will no longer cover the first two ointments.  Our last resort is Isotretinoin. This was presented a year ago, but due to the enormous and serious side effects I have not allowed it. Now, I fell I need to let her try it. Overall, Doryx will bring up acne, so I don 't understand the point of that. We want acne gone.
I stopped taking effexor after being on it for five years. Worked great but it was keeping me up at night, had to skip a dose to have a decent sleep. So I reduced to the lowest dosage before completely going off with the help of my doctor, in the hopes I didn 't need anti depressants anymore. Was ok for a few weeks and boom, super depressed, suicidal, the works. So I was prescribed wellbutrin and mirtazepine for sleep. The wellbutrin worked right away and mirtazepine was great for sleep. But it only worked well for a few months. Started redeveloping social anxiety, panic attacks, fits of rage, suicidal thoughts and all that fun stuff. I went to a new doctor and he basically told me that wellbutrin isn 't good for anxiety lol. Good to know!
I was given this originally for fibromyalgia.  It worked well for the pain, however it took a higher dosage to keep th pain away.  The side effects became a problem, spacey, and fuzzy all day.  I tried to stop taking it, yet the Doctor did not want me to stop.  I stopped on my own cold turkey.  Wow, 6 weeks to get it out of my system!  Went to the hospital with withdraw symptoms bad.  
Side effect for me is headaches.
Like other users I had severe headaches on this, and then the metal taste mentioned.
Works well in the form of birth control but the side effects are terrible. My periods went from 4 days long to 2 weeks long with random spotting in between, I 've gained 20 pounds in 4 months, I have constant breakouts, and the mood swings are unbelievable. My anxiety and depression have gone through the roof and I can barely perform daily tasks anymore. I 've never had any of these problems until this medicine, getting it removed soon.
Was prescribed Saxenda at a London clinic for cosmetic weight loss. I have had gastric weight loss surgery in 2012, lost 4 stones, but in 2016 started gaining a pound a month. Once I got 18lbs back on I was desperate - I try to follow slimming world but I stress eat.Saxenda was easy to use.But..made me so ill I had to take three days off work. Chest pain, blurred vision and headache. The first two days it did suppress my appetite and I thought it was a wonder drug, but on day three and four I was starving, but eating made me very sick. Stopped for three days, then tried again, to give it a fair trial.Chest pain immediately, blurred vision.Lost 2lbs in 10 days - mostly through vomiting.
Ok so mind me, I was only had the implant for a little over a month before I couldn 't deal with the side effects anymore. Horrible headaches, acne, fatigue, and atrocious mood swings! One second I would get furious at something ridiculous and the next, I could cry because I felt bad for getting so mad! Anyway, obviously the doctors told me to wait it out, eventually in about 6 months or so, my hormones would settle. I didn 't have time to HOPE that these symptoms would go away as a had boot camp in 4 months, and I couldn 't go being a crazed, hormonal mess! Every woman is different. My family has a past of being sensitive to permanent /strong hormones such as the bar. If you know you are sensitive as well, I would NOT recommend getting this
It worked well in the hosptial and for a time after I left, but I developed a serious allergic reaction to it with skin rash and fever!
About 6 months with Lunseta at first it put me to sleep quickly but I would still wake up approximately 3 to 4 hrs later. I also am an occasional sleep walker, my Dr would not even consider Ambien. Sonato 10 did zilch for me. Unfortunately I have done sleep cooking on Lunesta with no memory. Almost a fire though. Now Lunesta barely puts me out even after taking time off last month because of cost. Sad and desperate for sleep!
I 'm a 21 year old female and I recently stopped using Nuvaring.  I must say that I have been feeling so much better since I 've been off.  While on Nuvaring, I experienced many negative side effects.  I was EXTREMELY moody every month for 2 weeks out of the month(more so than usual PMS). My body also felt very tired and I had little energy.  I gained about 20 lbs while on it for 6 months.   My libido was very low, putting quite a strain on my relationship with my boyfriend. Since being off of Nuvaring, I am back to my normal self.  I know that it will affect people differently, but I would suggest if you begin to feel any of these similar side effects on Nuvaring, stop using it. The side effects do not get better over time.
Similar to Ambien but not as effective. I also experience RLS when taking Zaleplon Mg.
I used NuvaRing for only a month. Throughout the month I was telling people to use it, that it was the best thing ever, etc. Until it came time where my period would have come if it weren 't for NuvaRing. I was beyond moody, snapping at everyone for every little thing from talking too loud to looking at me too long. The constant cramping that came with it, along with the back pains and headaches just was not worth it. I took it out and have not looked back since.
I had my IUD inserted in February of 2015 (about 2.5 years ago). The insertion was fairly painless and quick. I had a lot of problems with hormonal birth control pills, so my doctor thought this would be a good alternative. The first 2 years with Skyla were pretty good. My periods were lighter, no weight gain, minor PMS. About 6 months ago, my PMS symptoms became almost unbearable. My acne has gotten much worse, and I am having PMS symptoms I haven 't had since my teenage years (before I started the pill). My periods are now lasting about 2 weeks with only 2 weeks in between. It 's a nightmare. My doctor told me she has had many complaints with Skyla and will be switching me to Mirena this month. Overall, would not recommend this IUD.
(18) First of all my doctor did not prescribe any pain med or even tell me to take Advil before coming in to have Skyla inserted. I loved the idea of a 3 year birth control with no work as I can hardly remember to take my daily vitamin everyday! It was the worst pain of my whole entire life. I 've had 160lbs fall directly onto the top of my knee cap and this experience was by far worse than that. I have longer lighter periods now which I hate because my period was perfect before, the standard 7 day period and now I bleed randomly and there is no pattern at all. After it was inserted I went to check out and felt so faint and sick I ran to the bathroom and almost threw up. I felt awful and like I was going to pass out. The mood swings suck.
In terms of a birth control method, this product works well. Thats the only good thing I have to say about.Take this with a grain of salt (every woman is different) but the side effects for me have sucked. I got the implant in 8 months ago and I get my period every single day since I got it inserted. Because of the constant tampons I have gotten UTI 'S, and on top of that I experience depression swings, which is so unlike me. I 'm over this method and getting it taken out next week, I CAN 'T WAIT.
I need a root canal, given tylenol #3 until appointment, still in sooo much pain. Took two and still feel like havnt taken anything
Off it completely for 2 days now. Acid reflux much better and more importantly no Pronounced heart beats or racing. Feeling normal again thank God. I truly believe after my experience with both Niaspan and Crestor is that they actually starve your heart of the Oxygen it needs if your an athlete. Heart rate problems or potential Arrhythmia 's may not be revealed in people who have more sedentary lifestyles. The fact that the new recommendation is to stack COQ10 with the statins should prove that they can rob your heart of energy when you work it hard during intense exercise. 
I am on my fifth week of a 12 week plan of harvoni plus Ribaviron. I took part in an interferon plus Ribaviron treatment plan approx 15 years ago that was not successful - it successfully kicked my ass though.With this current treatment, I felt no side effects the first two weeks and then during the third and fourth weeks I started becoming anemic with associated fatigue and shortness of breath. During week four and continuing into this the fifth week I continue to feel fatigue and shortness of breath, and also flu-like symptoms of weakness and full body muscle aches.  These symptoms are not completely debilitating but rather have significantly slowed my normally very active lifestyle.
I had the implant put in June 2015 and from the beginning it was not a good time. I began bleeding immediately and I bled for about two months before it stopped for only 5 days and started bleeding again . I didn 't gain any weight or experience hair loss but I did get HORRIBLE  breakouts. I 'm 20 years old I 've had pimples every now and then but never acne. It will clear up after a couple of week 's and then break out again worst then the last time. Getting this was a horrible mistake and I 'll be having it removed immediately
I 'm on week 2, taking 1 pill in am and 1 in pm. I haven 't noticed any weight loss at all. My biggest frustration at the moment is constipation. After reading other comments, I started taking stool softeners every day. Still no success. And like a previous member commented, ALL MY JEANS are tight.  Maybe if my food was actually able to leave my body, I 'd have success. But one bowel movement per week is not normal. At least for me. 
I am on my 5th day of this drug treatment and it has been hard. People say don 't read the negative reviews before you start the treatment but for me it was helpful to know what to expect. The first 2 days were ok. But from the day 3, I have been experiencing the most of side effects. Nausea, vomiting, loose stools, stomach pain, bitter and sour taste in my mouth, chills, fatigue, foggy head, and bloating. I am sure only some people experience these symptoms but I wonder these side effects are after all just effects, not side effects. Sort of like going through chemo. For those who start the medication, please make sure to get off work and stay home!! 5 more days to go and I will stick to it.
Currently taking prescribed Naproxen 500mg twice daily for severe lower back pain. I feel a small amount of relief for a 2 hours and then my back pain is in full force. I felt nauseous and i did eat 20 minutes before taking this medicine, There has to be a better way!
I got the liletta placed five days ago and the insertion was way more painful than I ever remembered the Mirena to be. It was so uncomfortable that I was on the verge of telling them to just forget it. Anyway I went through with it and sucked it up. I 've been cramping, bleeding and passing blood clots since it was inserted. The cramps are not something that I can withstand for a long period of time so I 've made ibuprofen and my heating pad my best friend. Today I went to the bathroom and I passed blood clots and I waited because I felt like I was passing another huge one...however this felt slightly different from the others, and what do you know, the liletta made its way out:( I 'm very disappointed!
So woke up sunday morning with a little blister. Instantly took 4x500mg Valtrex. Unlike the rest of the users on the previous reviews, mine did get bigger and did multiply. It is now Tuesday. It didn 't get as big as it would get without the valtrex but still up there and not scabbing yet. So its either I 'm not lucky like the rest of the users or they are making it up.
It made me a lot more emotional and anti- social. I also gained weight but that 's expected in birth control.
To preface this, this is merely my experience, for everyone 's experience may be different.I was prescribed this after having abnormal periods (skipping 1-3 months, and upon arrival, lasting for 1-2 weeks in addition to excruciating pain). During the first month, the first week I felt somewhat nauseated and tired, but the rest it cleared away. Acne was gone, period was lighter.However, starting now on the second month, I am completely repulsed by food and have other gastrointestinal symptoms on top of pre-existing conditions (which is a problem for someone who does weight training) and I 'm tired pretty often, thus I will no longer be taking it.Additionally, Orsythia has also made my mental illness symptoms far worse.
After switching to Trinessa after years on Triprevefem without issue, I experienced side effects that were like every symptom of pregnancy. I started having unusual menstrual-like and lower abdominal cramps, indigestion, bloating, heartburn that did not go away. I thought I had gained 10 pounds. My breasts jumped at least cup size. I was dizzy and exhausted with intense headaches despite getting plenty of rest. Pregnancy was a minuscule possibility because I had been using backup methods without fail. My period came a few days late and I immediately switched back to Triprevefem. All of the symptoms went away except enlarged breasts, which I certainly can 't complain about. My advice: pay out for brand name for some piece of mind and health.
Worked great for my blood pressure however I had to stop this medicine because of severe and rapid hair loss.
Topamax for me worked at preventing headaches but the side effects were unbearable. This medicine worked in the beginning but slowly BAD side effects appeared, I became so depressed, I was angry and sexually numb. I lost my sense of taste all sodas starting tasting flat. I also lost 15 pounds very quickly and I am now underweight do to this medication. I would never recommend it but only as a last resort. There are far better options out there. After failed topamax I then was prescribed the extended release version of it &quot;Trokendi XR&quot; and it was a little better but again over time side effects started appearing. Beware because it seems good in the beggining then side effects! Withdrawals from this med are terrible! Migraines x10!
I have had nexplanon since December 2013, and I 've put on 90 pounds, I have had terrible mood swings, more severe anxiety, depression, sleep problems, migraines, super sweaty, abdominal swelling and far worse cramps than without, and my breasts actually grew even bigger which is actually not good... And to top it off, I 'm almost constantly on my period. It sucks. I 'm not pregnant and that 's great, but bleeding constantly isn 't my ideal. I 'd rather not have sex than use this birth control!
It has gotten me past some of the bad withdrawal symptoms, including the sweats and most of the vomiting, but is not helping with the uncontrollable urges.  I 'm going off cold turkey, and its so hard.  I still have the horrible muscle aches throughout my body and it feels like its been hit by a truck, especially in my legs. I use Ambien to sleep and that helps. I think I 'm going to try to call my doctor for a different medicine. 
Horrible headache and stomach ache. Had to discontinue.
It didn 't work for me. I had it remove after a month of having it.It caused me acne and weight gain, and I gained inches from arms and belly. Also really bad cravings for sugar and starch.
I was put on this medication for anxiety and depression as I had previously been on lexapro 15mg for 3 years and had consistently had a insatiable appetite. I saw a pyc specialising in perinatal depression as I changed whilst pregnant. I started on 37.5mg of Effexor but needed to constantly increase 75.5mg then 112.5 mg as My biggest complaint on this medication was extreme aggression. I would get so angry I doubted my ability to not harm my children. I obviously saw my doc who has taken me off it, withdrawal was ok till back down to 37.5 mg. Please don 't take this medication try everything else before this- side effects for withdrawal are awful I 've just got off it and switched to Zoloft and 2nd day in already feeling better.
I started taking lisinopril in the 20mg dosage once a day.  My blood pressure started around 160-170/90-100.  After 30 days and not much change in my blood pressure, my doctor recommended taking two pills a day.  Since I started that, my headaches have been unbearable.  I am going to stop taking lisinopril.
6 years ago I got put on Implanon and had no negative side effects. The three years were up so I switched to the pill for a couple of years and then decided to get put back on it but it changed to Nexplanon. I figured it wouldn 't be that much of a difference... I was wrong... I have been breaking out, my face is constantly oily, and I have gained weight... I have had it in since May 2015 and am getting it taken out Feb 2016... I can 't handle it. Lol
It worked great for asthma control but do not use it if you have a history of depression. Pretty much threw my rescue away, but made me so depressed and suicidal. But I could breathe! 
Was prescribed Amoxycillin (500mg 2 x 2 daily);Clarithromycin (500g 2x daily) and Esomeprazole (40mg 2x daily) for my H pylori. Started taking on Monday. Felt terrible with nausea, brain fog; worst taste ever in my mouth, fatigue and general insecurity. Thursday 4.45am went to ER as I thought I was in serious state. Discharged 2 hrs later as high BP had reduced, blood chemistry all normal. Diagnosis: probable virus .  My local doctor said stop taking all three drugs. Had difficulty in locating alternative. Finally prescribed metronidazole (400mg 3x daily); omeprazole (20mg 1x daily); and bismuth subsalicylate (120mg); tetracycline (500mg). Last two items have had to be made up my compounding chemist. Any feedback on this alternative??
I was switched to this generic the beginning of the year by my insurance. I was on generess (chewable) with no problems what so ever. This pill has made me gain weight. I have stubborn acne in odd places (face, chest, even down there!) that won 't go away or pop. My anxiety is through the roof. At least it makes my periods light and pain free.
I 've had this birth control for about 8 months now and ever since then my mood swings and anxiety level are terrible. I want to eat constantly. I 've gained roughly 30 pounds or more in this period of time. I have back aches once a month when my period should be here. The plus side is I do not have a period and have not gotten prego but the weight gain is awful and I was told that it wasn 't normal on this to gain a lot of weight.
I 'm on my second week of Claravis 20mg, 29yrs old. My first week was okay, until I get my period, and now I 'm breaking out again. I always breakout around my period. I hope it gets better. Maybe birth control pill will help my acne, but I don 't want to take any birth control pills.
I had been on cipralex (lexapro) for about a year when I noticed I was feeling too tired all the time for my liking. I asked about SNRI 's because they tend to give more &quot;energy&quot;. I got switched to Effexor and didn 't have a good experience at all. I couldn 't stop thinking about terrible things, I had bad anxiety, excessive sweating at night and my heart would race too much too often. I had to get off after 9 weeks because it was not working for me at all. It made me really appreciate the escitalopram I was taken before. Clearly different antidepressants work differently for others. I 'm just sharing my own experience. Some may do really well on Effexor, unfortunately I didn 't.
I unfortunately wouldn 't recommend this based on my experience. I got it in and had my period for about 2 months straight. Then 3 weeks came where it went away and then it came back even worse and lasted for another 5 to 6 weeks. During those 5 weeks there were about 18 total hours where I wasn 't bleeding. Not to mention my back broke out which it 's never done before and my mood was affected alot also. Three days after it was inserted I cried for like 4 hours for no reason. I finally got it out yesterday and I couldn 't be more relieved. The agony consumed me. I wish It worked for me like it did with others who had their period stop completely and no side effects. Good luck! Lol
It helped slow my period but it gave me intense cramps. Will be switching as soon as this pack is up
This has slowed my period down which is what I want. It 's nice that if I decide to do anything with my spouse that I don 't have to remember anything. I have been having major spotting and some shooting pains. My doc said the pain isn 't from this but it started after I got this. I do not like the spotting or pain.
I 've had this form of birth control for almost a year now and I am not sure if its worth it for me personally. I have my period for over two weeks and get the most horrendous cramps and pains during this time and sometimes randomly experience the same pain even when I 'm not ovulating. I just worked out and got the cramps again. My OBGYN said it 's a normal thing within the first 6 months but I 've have it closer to a year and the symptoms still exist.
My doctor recently informed me that I should only take Sonata when I wake up in the middle of the night. Just need to have a glass of water near my bed. I tried that last night and it did give me a few extra hours of sleep. When I was taking it before bed I generally would get up in the middle of the night anyway and feel groggy the next day. 
I found out that I 'm allergic to this medicine. It caused symptoms of serotonin syndrome. 
I had my thyroid removed about 2 years ago. I weighed about 190.  I was put on 125 mcg Synthroid right after the surgery.  I lost about 20 pounds without trying at all.  My dosage was increased to 175 mcg.  I then started gaining weight.  My endocrinologist  increased my dosage to 200 mcg.  My weight went up to 224 lbs.  Never weighed so much before.  I 've been told by a couple of other doctors that the higher doses of Synthroid should cause weight loss, not gain.  I am 72 years old.  In general, I have aches and pains, something wrong every day.  Don 't know if that 's Synthroid related or not.  But I am very uncomfortable with all this weight, just doing everyday things.
I too have suffered years with chronic constipation.  My dr. prescribed the low dose of Linzess. I have not had much luck.  He gave me samples of the high dose today which I pray will help.  I will keep you informed. Don 't be discouraged with the negative reviews. All meds do not work for all people.  I suggest you try it and see for yourself. Hopefully it will have a discount program so that it will save us $$$$ since we may be on it for the rest of our earthly lives LOL. Peace and Comfort to you all.
For a while it was good, I was doing okay in school and focusing more, but the more I increased my dose the worse the quality of life became, my social anxiety went through the roof. The worst part about it for me was that when my dose was 72 mg the cutoff or withdrawal was horrible, as soon as it wore off my face would get a big red rash and would pulsate, and my pores would get huge, this would happen everyday, and it was irritating and made me self conscious, so I took myself off the medication and noticed it stopped. I haven&rsquo;t been on it since and I would like to start a new medication with less side effects.
I primarily treat my RA with CBD paste. While it does pretty good alone, my doctor suggested that Plaquenil might zero out the rest of my symptoms. Even though I have a fairly severe case of RA, the CBD Paste manages about 80% of the disease.But I 've been taking the Plaquenil about 3 weeks, and honestly, I think I have more swelling. I 've decided to stop for now and am wondering if Plaquenil can actually make the symptoms worse?
The first time I used this, it worked perfectly. I was severely constipated and took a few of these (I think maybe 3-4) and had a BM within about 7 hours. Second time I used them, it was horrible. I was not as severely constipated, so I took 2 of these at 8 am. Nothing happened all day. I did have a bit of crampy-colicky pain and nausea though (this should have been a warning to me). I was desperate in the evening (8 pm) so I took 3 more. Within about 30 minutes, I was having extreme crampy-colicky pain and nausea. I then had extreme explosive diarrhea and vomiting the rest of the night and was tied to the toliet. In addition, I got chills and body aches from dehydration. It was horrible. I am never taking this medicine again.
Good for sleep but not so good for pain
I am 28 years old.  I have never felt any side effects from any birth control I have ever taken.  My Doctor, however, switched me to this one because of the price I assume. Since I began taking it a month ago, I have been extremely emotional, crying when I 'm happy, crying when I am sad.  My mood swings are having an affect on my relationship, my kids and husband, as I am less patient and more tired. My face is also breaking out, which normally only happens when I am PMSing the week before my period.  I called my doctor today to switch me off of this. I am only stating my experience, to reassure others if having the same side effects that it is not you coming down with depression. It is only the pill. 
Celexa works for depression not panic attacks. I have been taking Celexa for two years and I am happy, but I am still a very nervous person.
Took this since 3rd grade. It made me tried and I became depressed. After getting off the pills I became myself again. I took it from 3rd grade till about 8th grade. I 'm now in 10th grade with no ADHD meds at all.
I 've been on zyprexa for about 3 months. While it does tame hypomania it tames too much and I don 't want to do anything anymore. Sometimes my mouth works like I have Novocaine in my lips and my speech comes out in a mumble. I 've gained 10 lbs. Some have said it was prescribed for anxiety but it has made mine worse. I 'm afraid of having to do the things that I have to do. I 'm not afraid of doing them, mind you, but afraid of *having* to do them. I feel so much pressure about doing things that I 'm unable to do them. That 's messed up. And that has come on me this past two weeks. Maybe I 'm cycling or maybe it 's this drug. Still, enough negative to get me off of it.
I have been on prozac now for a while as I suffer from ocd and ptsd also. I feel as if it has made me crazier, if thats possible. Some days I can 't stop twitching, feel full of energy and experience nausea. Other days my bones hurt, I feel not fully awake and just odd. Keeping in mind that daily, I have a high levels of caffeine and smoke marijuana. and not daily, but weekly I drink quite a bit of alcohol. I have noticed alcohol and prozac really don 't mix. but nevertheless, I am still taking 20mg daily (which i do not think is enough) but then some days I want to stop taking it altogether? I do not although prozac doses shouldn 't be skipped but evidently the only words I can use to describe this drug is odd and weird and idk???! uuGh
I 've been taking this pill for two months now and have been bleeding for the last 28 days,  and this is with already skipping the sugar pills.  Can 't imagine if I actually had let my body have a period.  The doctor said give it three months,  I 'm waiting.  I have cramps every day,  motrin is like a daily routine now day and night.  Has anyone experienced this?
The first time I used Duac it was very effective, no irritation or symptoms after using it but a bit dry on affected areas. After a while I stopped using it as my skin was fine, when my acne came back I began to use it again after about two weeks. The morning after applying it my skin came out in large red blotches around affected areas, and it burned, was extremely itchy and it was dry. I have tried to using it now again since a month of not using it again and the same has happened, won&rsquo;t be using this product again.
A horrible drug. Macrobid should be banned, I feel weak and I have had two anxiety attacks because of it. I 'm super tired and depressed. I am sensitive to antibiotics anyways, I called CVS and they told me to continue it!!! Ummm, hell no! Whether you take it with or without food it is horrible for your body. I felt pins and  needles in my back from this on the third night. Buh-bye
Did not work well for me.
This BC took some getting used to, the first month I had an extremely long period. Some irregular bleeding here and there, but only 3 pound weight gain. Anxiety got better then got worse, and now I have pretty much no sex drive and I 'm always angry. My emotions seem to be x10. I have random periods throughout the pack, looks like I 'm having two periods this month. Some periods were really light, now they 're getting heavier and longer. My acne has cleared up, and I have not gotten pregnant, or gained much weight.
I have been taking Wellbutrin for a while for my depression but it stopped working. My doctor prescribed Zoloft. It definitely worked well but the side effects are undesirable, I clench my teeth a lot my heart beats fast, I have nausea and I have delayed or no ejaculation. It 's driving me nuts.
I was on Zovia for 3 months, and had side effects from the start. In the first month, I had a weight gain of 8 pounds. It caused a lot of nausea. It made me severely depressed. I 'm switching to Nordette. On the positive side, it did regulate my extremely irregular periods.
I started aubra back in July so I would be less anxious about pregnancy.The first month or two I was on it, I had headaches and nausea, as well as random bleeding. As soon as that ceased, I immediately began packing on pounds, and became very depressed and had no desire for intimacy with my boyfriend. This all has negatively affected my relationship. Its so bad that my boyfriend offered to go back to condoms which neither of us love. Unfortunately, aubra is not good for my body and mental health, for some people it is likely great, but not for me. Only good parts were zero cramps, lighter periods and zero acne, and no babies.
Been on the pill for three months. Originally because I 'd get my period for 7-8 days very heavy and it would make me anemic. Although it 's helped with the heavy bleeding I 'm getting my period every 2 weeks accompanied by the bad headaches.  I decided that the 7-8 days once a month no pill is a better option.
I started this medication because my Dr. said my body is sensitive to estrogen. The first month was okay; I had some dryness around my mouth that the corners of my mouth were cracked. I then continued and my whole mentality changed. My boyfriend noticed a huge difference. I am normally a very upbeat laid back girlfriend who turned into a clingy confrontational friend (we went onto break because he couldn 't handle it). I originally took it for PMS symptoms and to regulate my bleeding. I didn 't take it for birth control; so I don 't know how effective that was. I was on it for a total of 6 months and which I stopped it before, but wanted to give it time to regulate. Cons: acne, PMS ALL the time, dry mouth. Pros: weight loss, regular period.
Barely stopped symptoms then two days after ending RX came right back.
Let me be honest. The ParaGuard is a great birth control method because you do not need to think about it. I mean sex was fine for me , didn 't feel anything but I am a paranoid and anxious person. At first I always went to the doctor thinking it moved or it was not in place. Years later I got use to it. I have now had it in for 5 years. I think it is time to take it out and try to have a baby. I can tell you, if you have a high pain tolerance you are all set, all that will bother you is the heavy periods. I have been in tears for days, tired and just uncomfortable each and every month I get my period. It is sometimes unbearable.
Doctor prescribed Macrobid for a week for urinary tract infection. It did give me some relief initially however my infection is back. I 'm scheduled to see my Dr tomorrow.
I was perscribed 2 100 mg tablets twice a day for muscle spasms.  This is the worst experience I have ever had. Only took 2 1 in morning and 1 in evening. I was up for 3 days straight jittery, agitated,  mildly confused and spaced out. I had no pain but could not function a normal life on Norflex. I am 120 pounds.
Very effective for the sinus congestion and sinus drip.  However, continuous use resulted in leg cramps at night.  Interfered with sleep.  Research says that it can reduce blood flow to legs.
I took this medicine around midnight last night after being tired of trying to hold back a cough and it worked pretty quickly...I also had hot water with lemon and honey so that probably helped too.  However, around 5:00am I woke up with severe cramping and diarrhea.  I spent two hours running back and forth to the bathroom.  I also experienced nausea and dizziness. But hey it got rid of my cough...not worth it.
I had taken the medication at 10 last night about 8 this morning had severe cramps and nausea and sweaty. And again at 10 had a liquid bowel movement and now at 11 sitting on the toilet I wanted something for relief and this isn 't a nice relief more like a killer one to say the least. Would I recommend it ummm sure if you like excruciating cramps and constant nausea and very loose stool.
General mood levelling, couldn 't really feel any emotion which became monotonous &amp; unbearable. Also not recommended if you have an eating disorder &amp; cannot always force yourself to have it with food. Caused crippling nausea &amp; copious amounts of excess gas to sit in my stomach, this still hasn 't left after more than a year of stopping. Not for everyone.
I have taken Cipro before for my urinary tract infection. It worked then but not this time around. I now have hives and am very itchy with headaches.
Was placed Adderall XR 20mg once a day. The first month was fantastic. I could think. I had bounds of physical energy. My mood was elevated. I had problems starting with the second month. The positive effects were no longer there and the negative ones were enhanced. I did some research and found out it was an issue with the brand. Not all generics are the same despite what everyone is told. I got Actavis brand. I found out that not only are generics allowed to differ in potency by 60-120% (40 less potent than some or 20% more potent than some) but Actavis was allowed to use its own proprietary formulation. If you are put on Adderall XR or IR be cautious about what generic you get. Some work way better than others.
I just recently started on this medicine for hallucinations and etc. It has caused some several things. One. I 'm tired all the time. two. Sleep for about 14 hours a days. three. muscle hurts. and so on. I don 't know what to do, I was previously on Risperidone and gained over 50lbs. Not happy at all with my life as of right now.
Good for depression. Akathisia was horrible!
For Migraine Prevention Ive tried amitriptyline, Imitrex, propranolol ,Fioricet &amp; Topamax and for a while and they worked but the side effects were insane. However, the zonesamide works very well for preventing my migraines. I take 300 mg a day. Word finding and memory, I don 't even know what those are anymore. However, I was living in constant pain. Nothing was working for me. This is the only thing that has done anything for me in quite some time, so do I walk around with a child like mind or not be able to get out of bed because of the pounding migraines?!?
I am on day 3 of cefdinir for bronchitis.  I can tell my coughing is much better but now I have horrible diarrhea, to the point I have accidents when I cough. My stomach makes horrible sounds as well.  My Dr. did not tell me anything at all about the side effects so I was not prepared to take with yogurt or probiotics.  And I had a horrible reaction in the past to Metformin so she should know that I already have these issues.  Time for different med and Dr.
Have used Cymbalta and then Lyrica for years.  Weight gain and blurred vision were the worst side effects.  I have now been on Savella for about a month and the side effects are awful.  Constipation is the worst!  Even so bad I have been to the emergency room feeling like I was in labor.  The sweats are almost unbearable.  I also have chills and insomnia.  Headaches are now a daily occurrence. 
I had first infusion with no problems during administration but 2 weeks after I had to go to the E.R. with a heart arrhythmia and had to have my heart shocked back into normal rhythm. Two days later had second infusion with no problems during administration. 2 weeks later same thing...back to the E.R....heart shocked back into rhythm . Heart rate was stuck at 150 bpm. Had to be put in hospital for 4 days to be given an anti - arrhythmic drug that can also cause a fatal arrhythmia. So I would be cautious if you have any type of heart problem prior to taking Rituxan. I will not ever take it again.
I have tried alot of birth control already and I am only eighteen. I have been hospitized for extreme ovarian cysts. I first tried Ortho Cept and from missing one pill I bleed for two months straight. After that they put me on a low dose 3 month pack that gave me horrible break outs and break through bleeding. After those pills I tried evro patch and I was rushed to the hospital for extreme bleeding and my arm became paralyzed for a day. After this I was put onto Seasonale and it took two packs to start working. I then had to add depo shot with it. For people with extreme cases this will not be enough for you.For normal people this will make you gain a little weight but no breakouts and no break through bleeding or weird side effects.
I was put on this med while in the hospital. I started having breathing issues ( thought I had bronchitis) and rapid weight gain. I went to refill the med after the first month and the pharmacist noticed that the Invega had bad interactions with one of my other meds and refused to fill it. I 'm stepping down and the breathing issues are lessening but i 'm still having problems with the weight. The days I take it, I am insatisably hungry. It made me feel better mentally but the rest was rubbish.
Went to Dr with flu. Started Tamiflu. In two days, started noticing a rash, swelling in hands, arms, legs and feet. Could not sleep, though extremely tired. Weakness and dizziness was terrible.
I have been on Cymbalta for one year, since G.P. thought I probably have Fibromyalgia. Helped with exhaustion and depression but not so much on pain. Saw a Rheumatologist last week and she confirmed the diagnosis and started me on Savella also. Have only taken 12.5mg for 4 days but my pain is already greatly reduced. No side effects yet, maybe a little bit of a &quot;manic&quot; feeling like I had too much caffeine.
Second time on this eye drop. First time for a few days. I stopped taking because it made me feel physically sick. Second time I gave it a go for almost 3 weeks, i got so sick i went to the Dr with flu like symptoms, waking up with phlegm in my throat, joint pain, extreme sweating and the feeling like I 'm about to faint. OMG.. it really scared me. so i stopped it and now I 'm back to normal, still have eye problems but that is 100% better than the solutions, which is taking that eye drops. It is very dangerous.
Hi! I had my birthcontrol in for the whole 3 years and I hated it. I never got my period, I gained 60  pounds, I had very bad headaches to the point where I couldn 't watch tv  with the sound was on 3 and the tv light was really bothering, I ate non-stop it was like I was always hungry, I would cry for no reason, it made me feel confused for some reason, I was VERY aggressive I beat up my boyfriend, my mom, anybody who was messing with me and towards the end of my months I was very sensitive. I wanted it out once I noticed that my period wouhdn 't come and that I was aggressive and cause I gained a lot of weight I 'm like 200 pounds.  
I had shingles for two and a half weeks, then experienced severe nerve pain after the sores began to heal. My doctor originally prescribed Vicodin, then switched me to Lyrica in anticipation of my return to work. Lyrica was very effective at reducing the severity of the pain, but it caused me to be very drowsy. I slept for 14 hours a night, and had difficulty concentrating during the day. I would also have trouble remembering things I had done while taking Lyrica. I had to discontinue using it.
After 6 years, I finally tried to talk to my doctor about side effects her reply was that there was nothing wrong with the medications, I complained to much. I started taking myself off of some of them myself. Fortunately, maybe, she had a family problem that she took leave to deal with. By this time, I had taken myself off of 70% of opiate pain killers. I told the doctor that I wanted to stop the Cymbalta. His response was no problem. I was taking two 30mg, his instruction was stop taking one for a week then stop the other. Five days later I was calling saying that was going to work. I was then prescribed two  20 mg and started doing what I found on the internet. A month later, things were better but I swing back and forth with issues come and go.The doctor still says they haven 't had issues with other patients. Maybe the doctors don 't talk to their patients? They definitely don 't read anything about the drugs that they prescribe.
I 've been taking phentermine 15 mg for 23 days now and have been working out and eating healthy but only lost 6 lbs
I have had HIV since Nov.2002 I was taking Viread and Triziver and my Doctor decided to put me on Triumeq back in July 2015 I have been having almost all the side affects, I wish I have never started taking this and just stayed on my old meds because they were doing great for me!
I am on my 5th day of this drug treatment and it has been hard. People say don 't read the negative reviews before you start the treatment but for me it was helpful to know what to expect. The first 2 days were ok. But from the day 3, I have been experiencing the most of side effects. Nausea, vomiting, loose stools, stomach pain, bitter and sour taste in my mouth, chills, fatigue, foggy head, and bloating. I am sure only some people experience these symptoms but I wonder these side effects are after all just effects, not side effects. Sort of like going through chemo. For those who start the medication, please make sure to get off work and stay home!! 5 more days to go and I will stick to it.
I changed to this birth control at the advice of my gyn to try to treat my menstrual migraine headaches after being on tri-sprintec for almost 10 years. It did what birth control is supposed to do;prevented pregnancy and regulated my period but the side effects were AWFUL! I gained over 20 pounds in less than 6 months, had really really bad mood swings, and the medicine caused me to have bad headaches and migraines at least once a week. Even with dieting and exercise the weight isn 't coming off and it 's so frustrating. I never had these problems in my 10 years prior on birth control. It has gotten to the point now that I  have discontinued the medication because of the side effects. I hope others have better luck than I did!
Coming on to the third month of wearing the patch and I loved it but now I am so depressed- I have never had depression before.. But I can 't stop crying, like four times a day and I am experiencing such bad mood swings.. Really not great
I 'm a veteran birth control user 6  years and this one is so-so. I was on Seasonale for about 3 years. I had to switch to this one because my insurance didn 't cover it anymore. So far I 've been on it for 1 month and if you have normal skin *not* prone to breakouts, - do not go on this pill. It will break you out bad. Even down there! Which never happened to me before. It does the exact opposite of Seasonale. Seasonale dried the vaginal area and this pill makes you discharge so much it 's never dry hence the breakouts. Moods are pretty normal. Sex drive is a little bit better than Seasonale since you don 't have to use lube. Overall it 's okay. I 'm going to switch though as soon as I am done with the 3 pack.
I am allergic to steroids and we used this once in my first flare up after a year of relapse.  The initial results were great, but the episode returned in less than two weeks after the treatment ended.  Worse side effect was a huge increase in blood sugar.  The cost of the medication is outrageous even with great insurance.  
I have been off of Micronor birth control for a little over a year now and I still do not have regular periods. I had to go off of it because it was giving me headaches, gained a lot of weight on it (even though my eating habits stayed the same), I was extremely forgetful while taking it. It 's heartbreaking for my husband and I as we are TTC currently but I only get me period maybe every 4 months since stopping Micronor.
I 've been taking Levora for 2 months now. The first few weeks were AWFUL...I was an emotional wreck with severe mood swings. Also, would feel very nauseous the majority of the time, especially immediately after taking the pill. Had bad breast tenderness but within a few weeks this subsided. Only had a few days of irregular spotting but this soon subsided as well. On the second pack, I really had hardly any problems with this birth control. However, I am planning on switching pills because the one MAJOR problem I have with this pill, which is a serious deal breaker for me, is that ever since starting the pill I have experienced TERRIBLE acne...large, painful, under the skin pimples and also many tiny pimples on my forehead. Hope this helps!
Got this as a prescription from my doctor, after spending endless hour doing research on this medication I decided to give it a try. I was on celexa for almost 5 months. During this time I felt like a cloud has over my head the whole time, my brain did not function and I felt like life was absolutely unbearable. Might work for some people but It did more harm than good while I was on it. Had to stop.  I 've found that what got me my life back was an alternate method that came as a lifesaver for me that didn 't involve medication. It involves steps to being more motivated and accomplishing things daily.http://happylifeengine.com/archives/30I am back to being me and I feel hopeful about the future. I just needed ti be shown how to get my life back on track. Hope you all get your life back as I did .
The taste is awful. I was fine on my pap, I went in for STD check, and a pap since my discharge was yellow green ....I was normal on pap negative for any STDGave me some vaginal gel because my doc thought it was for some reason a yeast.  It worked for a week then I had sex with my partner for 3 yrs and the discharge came back and worst....went back the next day got another std check to be sure negative again. He said it was BV I  took this medicine still taking it as well so far I see no results. Still have discharge now I 'm spotting and extremely itchy down there.. I 'll update this once I 'm done with the meds.
Vancomycin did not cure me or help my condition. I went four or 5 rounds (the days ran into each other) paid $600.00 every 10 days to get another round of pills. Could not sleep. Frequently went 2 days without sleep. Cried, cried, cried, lots of depression. Ended up getting a stool transplant (something that I wasn 't told was an option until this drug didn 't work and we had thousands of dollars wrapped up in taking it. Stool transplant worked, no problem, I got my life back.
Im on day 20. And every day has been a struggle. I have noticed a decrease in smoking. From a pack to half pack. But im so over being sick all the time. Even with food, I feel headaches and nausea.  No weird dreams, but I am sleepy all the time. I would like to stay on it because the urge is going away, but I also want my life back. With my physically demanding job, I can 't be sick all the time. I dont know what to do :(
It all makes sense after reading some of these reviews. I haven&rsquo;t been the most active person, but I did gain close to 20 lbs which happened once before on the same medication. I&rsquo;ve notice my mood being all over the place, rather inpatient and emotional at times. I also get headaches and now lower back pains. I think it&rsquo;s time to break up with Ortho...
I would say that this isnt for everyone. I gave it a shot in September 15, since with regular pills I was forgetting to take them and having something in your arm and not having to worry about, seemed fantastic. I have constant spotting. Nothing bad but would like to not worry about ruining underwear. My mood has been a little more &quot;sassy&quot; as my boyfriend class it. My acne though has gone down a ton, amazing on that part. Sadly, I 'm hungry more. Eat a full meal at 7pm then 30 min later I 'm starving again, makes no sense since I 'm not gaining any weight either. I 'm even hungry now typing this. I 'm so so on the nexplanon.
Unfortunately I get UTI 's more often than I should.  I have taken a 10 day prescription of Cipro, 500mg every 12 hours for a bad UTI, and I couldn 't get past 5 days of it.  I was just prescribed Cipro, one 500mg pill (because my doctor believed that this medications side effects were too common and powerful).  Within 24 hours, my UTI symptoms cleared up BUT, in the past two nights, I have barely slept.  I have bad stomach cramping and diarrhea.  And headaches.  Not fun to say the least.  It will do a good job knocking out the infection, but the side effects are just crappy.  I also learned that with this medication, some times less is more.
I 've been taking this pill for almost 6 months now after switching when my insurance no longer covered the birth control pill I had been taken previously. I decided to try this pill for quite a few months because I know side effects can subside after the first few months and I wanted to give it a real shot. Unfortunately, after 23 years of minimal to no breakouts, this pill has given me extreme breakouts on my face, shoulders, and back. I 've tried several types of skincare to control the breakouts to no avail. I have also suffered from anxiety and depression in the last few months, something I thought was work-related, but have decided this pill is no longer worth the risk. I will be switching pills starting next month.
My gynecologist put me on this for PCOS. I took it for two years. My periods are few, random and unpredictable. I didn 't have regular bleeding at all. I had one or two periods a year on it. The periods were much less uncomfortable, and my PMS symptoms were a lower severity. Didn 't help with my high insulin which is my big problem. Didn 't help with my ridiculously bad adult acne big problem. It went back to before. For a short period, I think it decreased my acne by 10%. The only pro I can think of is that it dealt with my higher risk for developing endometrial cancer due to lining buildup from unopposed estrogen. If I miss a dose here or there, I have awful mood swings. I 'm going to a new gynecologist because I need better management of my PCOS.
The insertion was incredibly painful. And while it is very effective for a very long time I wouldn 't recommend it to any one because it caused me terrible pains during my cycle and occasionally off cycle of have very strong and painful cramping. I could only stand it for 1.5 years before having to get it removed.
Yes, after a little while it burns...and if it drips down to your butt when your lying down that will burn, too. HOWEVER,  it goes away within a few hours, AND IT 'S BETTER THAN THE ITCH that came from the infection. Some comes out when you go pee if you put it in in the morning. I put it in at 745 am, and it stayed in place (because I made sure it was way up there), but I have a desk job where I frequently get up and walk 20 feet and back, then sit down again. I kept my feet up on a stool or chair while it was burning which gave some relief. It 's 24 hours later, and I still have some itching and evidence of an infection. I am not sure when symptoms are supposed to subside. I may take a Diflucan before bed if nurse recommends.
I 've been on this about 3 weeks and have had horrible mood swings and terrible acne. I don 't think I can take this anymore.
My partner took Zyban to help him quit smoking.Yes it did help him to stop BUT the side effects have been horrific.I WOULD NOT recommend anyone using this.For the past 5 and a half years he has suffered TERRIBLE mood swings, to the point that he frightens me and there has been a little violence (in the early days).He has had suicidal thoughts (and still does now occasionally).Our happy little family unit has almost been destroyed.......we are still together by the grace of God but for how much longer I don 't know.I know his health has probably improved no end due to no longer smoking but his mental health has suffered greatly and sadly I don 't know if things will ever improve.
Started drinking this moviprep at 11pm it 's the most disgusting thing I have drank every time I took a sip I felt like throwing up but had no choice taking it so took it in big gulps finished the first litre with in 1.5 hours after 45 mins all hell broke loose went toilet about 10 times it was all watery it 's worked absolutely fine but tastes awful I wish I don 't have to take the second litre.
I am on day 5 of the Z-Pak for bronchitis and the only improvement I have is no more swollen throat. I cannot take deep breaths otherwise I immediately go into a coughing fit, my coughs are deep and painful, and my stomach is certainly not a fan of this medication at all. I can only sleep on my back to avoid the coughing and wheezing so when I finally do fall asleep I could sleep for days only to wake up more exhausted. I had a fever of 100.9 the first day (Friday) which went away later after the first 2 pills but returned periodically throughout the weekend along with hot and cold sweats. The headaches are honestly the worst part. When I cough my head feels like it 's going to split open. Seeking alternative next time.
I took Avonex for 18 years and was recently prescribed Tecfidera. I have only been on it for three months. I was so happy to not have to inject, but swallowing these pills twice a day takes getting use to. The two side effects I seem to have is being exhausted all the time and my depression seems to be a little worse.
I have Narcolepsy and I am currently taking 200mg twice daily and it barely works. My doctor added Ritalin 20mg twice daily and I have been on Ritalin for previous years until I moved to TX. In 2013, I was prescribed Vyvanse 70mg I believe. It didn 't work better than the Ritalin or Adderall I tried while in TX. My doctor then prescribed Xyrem. Needless to say none of these drugs have provided adequate relief from daytime sleepiness. I started provigil in January 2016 and there 's no change. I took provigil about 10 years ago and the same results. I need serious help because I barely function.
I started taking solodyn 80mg for a month after stopping my birth control and developing cystic acne as a result of stopping it. I have the giant cystic ones that come back worse every time I stop an antibiotic for acne (2 rounds of doxy, 1 round of minocycline). So I took it for 8 weeks total and noticed significant hair loss over those eight weeks with mild improvement in my acne. I got less giant pimples that were deep and under the surface, but within 1.5 weeks of stopping, I have them probably worse than ever. Felt tired and lazy most of the time while I was on it and had trouble focusing. Not worth the side effects for minimal improvement. Hope you have better luck.
I 've panic disorder. I 've always been a &quot;treat as necessary&quot; type of patient  and I do prefer to only take meds as needed. Benzo 's have always served me best, but my present pdoc is all about steering patients away from them. So, we started this med 3 mo ago. The only other meds I take regularly are propranolol for high bp, and seroquel on most nights. 1st week: gabapentin made me feel pleasantly high like a cannaboid might. I was talkative, appetite for food and drink increased, had a notable sense of well being. Since then, the effects (positive and negative) have dropped drastically. I may as well be taking dollar store kava kava for all I can tell.
Well  a couple of years ago when I was 16 when I decided to get on the nuvaring . Long story short my sex drive was non existent. I also had vaginal dryness and even if we did do it it was painful. It also caused me to have UTIs I 've never had one in my life before then. I stopped 5 months after starting. It was awful the only good thing was that my periods were regular.
Just took my first dose 5 mg of Brintellix - have been on every possible medication including Wellbutrin for 15 years, Seroquel for 9 years, Lexapro for 2 years, just weaned off Lexapro.  I feel quite odd, butterflies in stomach and brain fog - my daughter has been on Brintellix for 2 months and is still vomiting - if this continues, another failed med.
I got Influenza A from my son. It was to late for him to take Tamiflu, but his doctor prescribed it for me in case I came down with the flu. I took it with in the first 48 hrs. of beginning symptoms. I had little stomach upset and lose stool, but not to bad. I don 't know that it did anything to help me. The only difference between me and my son was my fever stayed lower than his did. I was still just as sick and for the same period of days. The pharmacy info. on Tamiflu says it doesn 't always help everyone. :(
I 've had my Paragard for 10 months and it is a nightmare. My periods last 16+ days which have led to at least 5 UTI 's from inserting tampon after tampon. I 'm now ALSO taking birth control pills to try and lessen the bleeding but it hasnt helped. I 'm 43, 1 birth, 1 miscarriage, 1 abortion. My insurance only covered the Paragard after having Mirena 's in the past. I have an appt in 4 weeks to get it removed and get another Mirena. This is absolute nonsense to be bleeding for over 2 weeks every month.
I think this is a fine product for some.  Easy to use and never felt it in.   However, after about 10 days in, I experienced panic, tingling, nausea, increased irritability, moodiness and signs of depression.  In other words: it made me feel like another person.  Friends I know have tried it and loved it, but I got the same hormonal bc effects, sadly, I 'd gotten with oral bc pills. :(
Abreva worked for me up until now. It seems to make it worse. I have tried other things lately because the Abreva isn 't cutting the healing time at all. Note, I have been soaking a cotton ball in whole milk and applying it for 5-10 minutes every 2 hours. It takes away the inflammation of the cold sore, feels much more better, blends in with my skin... The milk has antiviral and bacterial properties that help. Try it!
This is my 2nd time using suprep and god I don 't miss it, I had completely forgotten what it tasted like. While it does its job quickly and efficiently, it is the WORST tasting medicine for bowel prep that I 've ever had. I have had multiple surgeries and I would have to say, next time I need something else. I cannot hold more than half of it down without almost getting sick. Honestly it would be so much better without any flavor. The only other downside is, you need to be near the toilet for the next few hours.
I 've  had it in for about 2 months with no period after it was placed in which is normal for me because I usually have a period every two to three months, and they last 3 to five days. Now I have been spotting for 8 days with some clots which my not seem like a big deal but it super strange for me. I called my doctor today to discuss my concerns but i might have to try something else
I have used Vesicare 5mg for 14 days and it worked well this first week. Now I 'm back to wearing pads and I 'm experiencing cloudy urine with a hint of blood, blurred vision and a 5 lb weight gain. I 've stopped this medicine, obviously it 's not right for me. Hoping to try something else.
I hate it, I 've gained almost 30 pounds with it and counting! I 've had it since October and hope to get it removed next month.
I suffer from alcoholism binges and take atenolol, clonidine, and amloapine, as well as OTC vitamins on a daily basis. When my doctor 's intern added a prescription for Lisinopril (10 mg x1 a day) it was the first time in 25 years of drinking that I had a case of Delirium Tremens (very nasty and horrifying experience). I have had alcohol withdrawal symptoms may times before and had to go to the ER a few times for a few hours while they detoxed me. But this was like nothing I have ever experienced. I couldn 't stand up without falling over, and had to get around on my hands and knees. I would normally take a cab to the ER, but I wouldn 't even make it to the cab. Had to call 911 for paramedics to the tune of $1250.00. No more Lisinopril for me.
I have taken Sprintec tablets for 3 years and never had a problem.  Beginning of March I found out I was 2 months pregnant while still taking sprintec and never missed a pill same time every night. so in 8 months I will have another child.....
Got tons of side effects TirednessRestlessDrowsinessStiffnessFast heartbeat The list goes on
I have been on Tenuate for a year and at first I was losing weight fast (30lbs) and looked great but by 6 months I had stopped losing so my dr took me off it for 3 months. I got back on after I gained back 20 of the 30lbs lost. This was during summer and I have two kids I 'm constantly chasing. I 've been back on Tenuate for 3 months and I have gained another 6lbs WHILE ON TENUATE!!! I have a healthy diet and exercise regularly. So, if you want to lose weight for a specific occasion this med is great for you but if you want something to help you keep it off....this might not be it.
Whenever I put Timoptic in my eye, it makes me nervous. It feels like something is in my eye; my vision becomes blurred, I have no energy. It has the same side effects as my blood pressure medication, (Lopressor) because it is in the same class, a BETA BLOCKER.
I jumped onto Levlen just under a week ago and since then I have been CONSTANTLY nauseous, to the point that I can 't even concentrate at work. I have not actually vomited but the nausea is debilitating! I thought maybe I should have a good meal before taking it, so did so but no success came of it. Calling my dr today to switch meds!
I am 21 years old and have a 3 year old daughter. I had Mirena placed a month postpartum. It was great at first. I had the dizziness and cramping after placement but a few hours and it was gone. I had my last period in December of 08, which has been great but the negative effects out number the 2 good effects. (No periods and no unwanted pregnancy) I have had Mirena for just over 3 years now and I feel like crap. I have bad mood swings, nausea, abdominal pains so severe sometimes I want to cry, headaches at least 3 times a week, weight gain, bloating (badly) and extreme tiredness. I didn 't want to believe it is my Mirena because it works so well, but the worse my symptoms get, the more difficult it is not to blame Mirena. Getting it removed!
I have had amnestic episodes: I have had conversations with my spouse that at time were extremely distressing to him- the next day I would have no memory the discussions. I have walked in my sleep. A few times I was saved from hurting myself e.g. thinking (telling him) that I was going to the bathroom but starting to sit down before I got there and luckily caught by my husband - or I might have struck my head if he had not caught me.  ( I didn 't remember those times as well). But my strange behavior started to worry my husband -a loving and devoted spouse.I have gone onto the internet while on Ambien and bought items. At first I was puzzled by unexpected deliveries of whatever I had bought- I realized the impact of Ambien on my life.
I had my para guard inserted in 2008 in which has been removed in 2013. I have pains during intercourse, cramps, heavier periods. Even today, 2015, I still have pains. I feel like it has ruined my sex life.
I thought I was the only person who felt like a shot of tequila on fire. Even thought my cookie feels like a fireplace it actually works but this is my first and LAST time using it. Back to my old treatment I go.
My OB suggested a Skyla for me after Mononessa threw me into some depression and fatigue around August 2016 (exactly a year, now). Had no issues up until the last couple months of having it.Sure, the painful acne started up quickly: My face has been a mess of grease no matter how many times I washed it, what soap I used, etc. I was willing to put up with the skin issues if that if it meant I was covered.But the last couple of periods have lasted nearly two weeks, have had more cramps, the acne is getting much worse and starting to show up on more of my body! I 'm not going to pay $50 for skincare meds either. So, I 'm not going to look on the bright side anymore and get it removed this week if I can.
I am a 32 year old male and this is my second day on Nuvigil. Although I feel more alert at the start of the day, later in the day when the medicine wears off, oh boy does it wear off. I 'm also feeling more hyper, moody, and an overall wanting to scream type feeling. I 'm going to give it a few more days.
Was prescribed this at around 16-17 yrs old, for social and generalized anxiety. It did work well, but the excessive sweating and my father 's anti-med nagging made me try and quit. I had only been taking it for like 5 months and I felt like I 'd been addicted for years. Brain zaps, constant lethargy, extreme and unwarranted moods; these symptoms lasted an entire month, despite my short usage time. I 'm upset that this was the first thing they tried, on a 17 yr old complaining about social anxiety and the occasional panic attack... That month was the worst I 've ever felt, if I wasn 't a teen without responsibilities or took it for longer, I don 't think I could 've ever gotten off of it. Read withdrawal stories before starting Paxil.
I suffer bouts of depression and have been prescribed Prozac. This medication does stop the weepiness and severe irritability that I suffer, however it made me feel &quot;nothing&quot; rather than good.  Additionally, the side effects that I suffer on Prozac are not worth the marginal lack of hopeless feelings. I felt nauseous, hollow, scattered and my libido completely vanished.  This led to marital stress, so I went off of it on my own.  I think it is the wrong chemical for my type of brain chemistry or depression.
I just stared Belsomra 10mg last week. I have completed 4 nights of it and so far with no luck. The first night I took it at 9:37pm, and at 12:20 am I was still wide awake. The other nights have been similar experiences. For $90 a month, brand drug, I would think it would work much better than this. I took 2 Advil PM last night because I was so tired and it worked 100% better than Belsomra. I also have had night sweats with Belsomra, and once I fall asleep, I still wake at some point in the night, sometimes multiple times. I would NOT have your Dr write this drug for you. It does not work, and it 's too expensive just to see if it works.
My friend and I, both 18, got Mirena as birth control. She loves hers. The insertion was painful, but manageable- the side effects are what 's really bad. Before, my period was short, light, and I have NEVER cramped. Since getting my IUD, I have consistantly bled heavily. Daily, I have crippling cramps to where I can no longer continue to drive or walk. I often wake up moaning in pain and crying. I got an ultrasound yesterday and everything looked fine. I 'm not saying not to get Mirena, but I strongly recommend considering other options or being okay with dealing with the side effects. This has been a terrible experience for me, and a great experience for my friend so you can never really be sure how it will be for you.
I have never been on any type of anti-depressant medication before and my rheumatologist recommended this drug because she thinks I have fibromyalgia. I having been taking this medication for approximately 40 days. I was okay in the beginning using the starter pack, but by the 3rd week, I had terrible heat flashes, quasi-headaches all day long, nausea and I constantly felt (still feel) that I have a urinary tract infection.  My doctor cut my dosage from 50mg 2xs a day to 25mg 2xs a day. I still have horrible heat flashes, nausea, and feelings of the UTI. It did help mentally in the beginning, but the side effects far outweigh the benefits. I 'm weening off and will try Pristiq.
Worked on the symptoms for the most part, felt a lot calmer but sometimes almost brain dead which made University work very difficult. Put me to sleep like a baby though, only problem was, like respiridone, getting up in the morning was extremely hard even if I took it at like 8pm. Side effects were unbearable. I gained over a stone (and I 'm only 5 ft 2) in the space of 3-4 months when only on 25mg (bi-daily) despite watching what I ate! I always felt like I was sweaty even in the winter and after climbing 2 flights of stairs and I kept feeling my heart skip a beat. Also worth mentioning, alcohol is a no go, I could only have 1 or 2 drinks before feeling completely out of it.Bottom line: Works but not worth it in my opinion!
I have had Nexplanon since May of 2014 it is now August of 2014 and I have been bleeding every since. I have gained 20 pounds since then and I also have acne now. I 'm getting this thing taken out as soon as possible. I wish this was the birth control method for me but it 's not. I like the idea of not having to take a pill every single day but after this, I 'm willing a and ready to go back to the pill. Good luck if you decide to take this method.
My biggest problem was ease of use.  The patch did not stick well to my cheek. It would often almost immediately start to roll in on the edges, sometimes ending up as a small cylinder and other times ending up completely stuck to my teeth. The rate of absorption was thus very different from dose to dose. I wasted quite a few Patches because I would often have to re apply. For me, this dosage form was not easy to use and not consistent..
I was not a fan of this pill. It was supposed to be three months noncyclic and I still had a period every month, longer than normal. And I would bleed in between. It also made me gain 13 pounds in 6 weeks - while I was counting calories and working out. It was impossible to lost weight on it. It made me super emotional. I was constantly weepy and depressed many days. I don 't want to take this one ever again.
Day 4 on Belviq. Cravings haven 't subsided nor do I feel like my brain is signaling me that I 'm full or that I do not need that Reese 's in line at the market for the ride home. My main concern is the tiredness, the lethargy and listlessness. It is horrible. I want to stop taking it but have read to &quot;hang in there&quot;. Oh mercy!! I 'm trying but it 's so hard. My husband can notice the difference. My sexual appetite is gone, heck maybe it 's bc I 'm too tired. In any case I will continue for several more days as I hear this will go away, but it 's so very hard. I am hoping that my cravings for sweets will subside as well. Will update.
Personally the medicine worked well for chronic pleurisy pain (bad stabbing sensation in side with flu or pneumonia) but I had horrible side effects. Dazed constantly, hallucinations, cold sweats, nausea.
I was diagnosed with Sjogrens approx 8 years ago.  Rheumy started me on plaquenil and it helped with the tiredness and no energy for a while but it did not do anything for dry eyes/saliva at all so why take it. It is supposed to slow down the immune system so your problems aren 't as bad..i.e. tears/saliva.  But, I started getting bronchitis in Jan-April, took antibiotics, felt good for a week and then the next month it was back again. Dr. said stop plaquenill so your immune system can help you heal so when I stopped taking it I finally healed and haven 't had bronchitis since so I decided I was not taking a drug that was not helping my sjogren 's nor did I want to take a drug that slows down immune system to help me fight off whatever else.
I 've only been using the .025 patch since yesterday.  I have not noticed any decrease in hot flashes yet. However, I am looking forward to giving the patch a try.  But, I noticed this morning that I have an allergic reaction to the adhesive.  I don 't want to remove it but don 't want to continue to irritate my skin.
update: Been on med since feb 8, 2013. see my other entry for details. because I was not getting good results, I went on paleo diet &amp; brought a1c down in 3 months. I stopped being so strict &amp; a1c was 6.7 last Nov. Holiday eating &amp; not eating paleo (it is hard to go to grocery 2-3x a week!) have caused me to have way higher numbers 200-400 on daily meter. I 'm sure my a1c is back up to almost 8 again. I also gained back the weight that I lost on paleo diet. Bydureon has not helped me to lose weight. Even after a year, I still get intense cravings for sweets every now and again. Due to see dr. in a couple of months. We will re-evaluate. Think I could drop a1c just by paleo diet alone.
I was on this pill for about 5 months and for about the first 3 months I was fine. My breasts were swollen at first but I surely didn 't mind, until about the 4th month they started hurting so bad that I couldn 't even hug people. Then towards the end I was having 2 periods in one month and then skipping a period. I took the pill daily at the same time. I 'd say that the beginning experience was good but I had to stop taking it. Most people never had this reaction to it though, so I guess I 'm just the odd ball.
I used the brand name Ortho Evra for years!! Loved it! no problems ever! Now I am forced to use this Xulane patch, and it is just NOT the same. 1. My period starts while Im on the third patch every month. Ortho, it was 5 days exactly after removing. 2. Taking a bath it comes off! Then its not as sticky. Never ever had an ortho patch come off. 3. I have 2 week long periods now. I used to have only 5 day periods. I just don 't like this generic patch whatsoever!!!!
Awful nausea and headaches that last all day! I 'd rather have those side effects then suffer from MRSA but it has still been rough to deal with as I 'm trying to go back to work.
I have been on Biaxin for 3 days now.  I have very loose bowel movements, horrible taste in my mouth, and I can 't sleep. I have been eating tootsie roll pops to combat the bad taste in my mouth. I am going to stop Biaxin immediately and call my Doctor first thing in the morning. Up at 2:00 am now, wide awake with diarrhea and a tootsie roll pop!
I began taking this before I began any other medication. It made me more anxious and nervous. It also seemed to increase my OCD (the &quot;pure O&quot; form) by making me more prone to think about my OCD. It did help me to focus on occasions, but it also made me focus on my anxieties and obsessions as well. My therapist told me that stimulants like this one and Concerta are not good for people with anxiety disorders (almost all of them), unless they have anxiety because they cannot focus and accomplish necessary tasks. I recommend talking to a counselor or Psychologist/psychiatrist before being prescribed stimulants for ADHD.
As I am not sexually active, I cannot state upon the effectiveness of this as a birth control, however upon taking this my anxiety and depression flared to the point that therapist is suggesting medication for that. I have no experienced any odd weight gain, although my hunger signals are off (I do not get hungry, nor full anymore). My acne is the same as usual, with no more or less cystic acne. I am choosing to switch birth control brands to see if it will change, but the emotional symptoms are just too much for me to handle.
I had been on levothyroxine for about 6 years with no problems. I got a new doctor closer to my home &amp; he switched me to this drug, On it just 2 weeks I got severe anxiety attacks (hyperventilating). He has given me samples so I do not know if this will be covered by my insurance yet.  I got a blood test &amp; he said the levels were fine that I should see my internist for my anxiety.  NOT. I will go back on my regular meds for 2 weeks then try this again. I think it is this drug.
Did not help me, and I gained weight.
I have been on Lexapro for years. Due to no sex drive I was placed on Viibryd. I had the worst adverse reaction.. after four weeks went from doing well on Lexapro TO violent, hearing things, paranoid. I stopped the medicine and went back to Lexapro. 
Xanax worked wonders for my anxiety. Next thing I know, I only ate one meal every four days and lost 15 pounds in two weeks. Withdrawal is the worst. I vomited for seven weeks straight and at least twice a day. I 've been clean for two months I still don 't sleep until five/six in the morning. I have slight muscle tremors. Prescriptions must be monitored extremely carefully.
I started taking mirtazapine after becoming suicidal on citalopram. All I do is eat, sleep, and get angry over nothing. My weight has ballooned, I can 't do normal day things like talk to friends or anything without screaming or becoming aggressive. I wouldn 't advise taking this.
I have been taking Gabapentin the generic for Neurontin for about three years.  I am having really dramatically disturbing dreams about all of my dead relatives.  This is really disturbing me.  I have had all tests possible on my neck and back.  I have had one surgery on my neck and am waiting on another surgery on it.  They keep giving me injections I am sure just to pass time.  The injections have done nothing for me.  Neither did the RFS (Radio Frequency Stimulation) for carterizing the nerve endings.  They now have me on Skelaxin as well but there is no difference.  This has been going on for six years after an accident at work. 
I used this for spinal stenosis and it never really worked for me. I took the 5/500 and then I tried 10/325 and neither did anything.
Well I&rsquo;m on Nexapalon currently and it has been a long road.  I 've been on it for almost 3 years now. I&rsquo;m surely thinking about getting off due to constant pain &amp; constant weight gain. I don&rsquo;t feel like myself &amp; ever since I got on it my whole mood &amp; everything has changed . I LOVE not having a menstrual cycle but the pain is just UNBEARABLE
I 've been looking for a decent birth control for years now -- and, honestly, I still am.  I 've tried the pill, injections, the ring, and even tried 3 times to implant an IUD.  My top two worst experiences were with the IUD and the patch.  I 've been on the patch for two months now...and the symptoms are horrible.  My hands, feet, and breasts have been swollen the whole time, and incredibly painful.  I 've had both diarrhea and constipation, and non-stop bloating.  I took a whole week off work because of a migraine.  Usually I 'm very level tempered, but since I started the patch I 'm pissed off at everything.  I haven 't been able to eat anything in days.  Not to mention, it keeps falling off after a few days.
This medicine did nothing to help with my depression - but in all fairness - in the 17 years I 've been trying to get the depression treated - nothing has helped.
Vesicare was working but the side effect (dry mouth) was severe. I have to stop taking it.
So I got breast augmentation 2 days ago. And they gave me the patch before the surgery. I woke up and went home. I was a tad nauseous but it wasn 't bad. Didn 't last long. But the first thing I noticed was cotton mouth. Then I started to experience far sightedness. I couldn 't see close up. I found myself focusing like an old woman who holds her reading material way out in front of her. At first I blamed it on my pain meds. But even when those would wear off I still had blurred vision. I really hope this doesn 't last long. Not worth it for me. Won 't be taking again
Used this pill at 5mg and it worked but the erection was uncomfortable (too hard). It caused congestion and a severe headache within 20 minutes of taking the pill. Have tried Viagra and found better results from 50mg of that. Levitra worked but would not recommend it as much as Viagra. 
I 've been on this pill for about three weeks. The first night I took it I felt horrible! But ever since then I 've been fine. I didn 't eat before or after taking it so that could have been the problem. I always feel like I 'm cramping. Not bad cramps but I just feel like something is going on. I also constantly have a headache but overall it 's working like it should!
I took this pill after I had my daughter. The only thing it was good for was preventing pregnancy and little to no cycle. I had NO SEX DRIVE, I was moody, always crying, gained weight, depressed, etc. Literally a week after I got off I felt like a new normal person again and  I 've  dropped the weight. I won 't be taking again. Almost ruined my relationship
I took this pill for three months. That 's all I could take as it completely ruined my skin! It gradually got worse and worse and now I have horrible scars that make me want to just cry. I will say, the acne was my only downfall with this pill. It prevented pregnancy and I felt completely myself and non hormonal - but it ruined my skin in three months. My acne stopped as soon as I quit the pill
At first, the side effects were minimal, but starting around the 2nd-week depression slowly crept up and made me super miserable. I 've switched to Ortho Cylen and feel much better.
I 'm going on month 3 on Jolessa and the bleeding hasn 't stopped since the month prior. As a BC, its great cause I 'm not pregnant but the bleeding sucks. I haven 't gained any weight which is great but I 've become super irritable. I had this same reaction to the depo shot. I 'm waiting on a doctors apt to change my BC.
I lost weight, but at a cost from the side effects. Took it for about 2 months, and loved how really didn 't care about what I ate (I ate mostly low carb while on it). For the first time ever, a lean chicken breast sounded as good as cake. What I didn 't like was how I felt I never got deep sleep, or how I started to forget what word I was thinking of. So sadly, I had negative side effects from both medicines used to create Qsymia. After taking a break, I tried to go back on, staying on the lower dose, but I can 't handle the lack of sleep.After quitting the medicine, I regained the weight. Maybe if I 'd been able to tolerate it for longer I would 've learned better habits, but I found the return of the cravings hard to deal with. Not worth it.
The ONLY good thing is that I did not have periods or get pregnant while using. I 've had the implant for two years and I hated it! I became very emotionally unstable and even depressed while using it. My bf and I were only together for a few months before using it. I was healthy , had a very tiny waist and very fit! Now I 'm fat , 204 pounds ... I gained nearly 45 pounds while on. Just got it tAken out yesterday &amp; im praying that I can get my body &amp; mental health back!!
Yes, this medication is effective if you want to practice abstinence.  I have had this implant since August of 2014, I bled for the first 4 months. I took a PO birth estradiol for 2 months to stop the bleeding. It helped for the 2 months and then I began bleeding again. I feel exhaused all the time and feel bloated most of the time.  I was a runner and healthy eater before, have kept it up for the last year (mostly by forcing myself to get up and go when I used to run for enjoyment).  Since I started with the Nexplanon have gained 15  lbs. I do not recommend this implant.  I am scheduled to get it taken out this week.
I began taking this medication and it made a huge difference. After a few weeks I started to feel like my old self again. I started on 10mg and after a few months my doctor increased to 20mgs. Initially the side effects were just headaches and excessive yawning. But hey, what 's a head ache compared to depression and anxiety? It took 7 months for the bad side effects to kick in. I started forgetting things. Having zero recollection of things I had done. I seemed to be writing things out of order which has never been an issue with me. I 'd do things like have a piece of trash in one hand and my car keys in the other and go to a trash can to throw the trash away and put my keys in there instead of the trash! Unfortunately have to stop this medicine.
I 've been on this pill for a little over 4 months now, ever since I started it I have not gotten my period at all, get migraines frequently but no mood swings.
I took this medication for a little over a year. The first month I was extremely nauseous and had terrible cramps but they went away. It cleared my acne for a couple months but about 6 months into I had cystic acne all around my mouth and forehead. I also found myself crying for no reason and was extremely moody...especially before and after my period. I would not recommend taking this. The only positive out of it was that it cleared my acne for a short period of time.
I used 10 mg zopidem for 7 years. It worked like a charm.  I went from 10 to 15 to 20 mg of this new stuff.  Nothing. I 'm just going to have to go one week Belsomra and 45 mg mirtazapine and one week zolpidem. I had such high hopes. But doesn 't get rid of my sleep anxiety.
This medication is supposed to be continual pain relief, but on day one it gives mediocre results, day two somewhat okay results although my pain is still at a 4. Then on day three, watch out. Pain level back to a level 8 to 10. I then go through the sweats on day three, and the chills and nausea the entire day. I have only been on this patch 1 month.
I have trigeminal neuralgia and have been suffering from it for quite some time. I was put on 300 mgs twice a day and it didn 't help at all and the attacks were just getting more severe and frequent, so the neurologist upped it to 900mgs a day. Still no relief! I have been on two other kinds and pretty much have to rely on pain medication which doesn 't even relieve all the pain.
I have been on Flagyl many times.  Hate the awful metallic taste it leaves (24/7)!
Lyrica started to ease my pain the very first night I started it. I saw about a 20% easing of Fibro pain for the duration of the first night and day 2. I woke up on day 3 - No relief. Lyrica just completely stopped working by day 3 &amp; I was back to agony. I continued on my dose of 75mg each night for over 3 weeks, I then upped the dose to one 75mg in the morning &amp; two 75mg at night. I 've been on this higher dose now for a few weeks and still absolutely no relief. I must say that I 've experienced little side effects - Some memory loss &amp; tiredness. No weight gain at all. If Lyrica had have kept working I would have been really happy but unfortunately it just stopped working for me! I 'd recommend at least trying it for anyone that 's considering
I had the nexplanon implant inserted in June 2017, it is now October 2017 And it has not met any of my expectations! I have gained 15lbs since it was inserted and I have not stopped bleeding since! It&rsquo;s not like a period, it&rsquo;s very light and comes and goes throughout the day. But still very annoying! Everyone keeps telling me to wait it out, and it will get better but how long should I wait? My skin is the worst it&rsquo;s ever been, I&rsquo;ve suffered from acne since I was young and it was finally clearing up with the right skin care routine! Now it is worse than ever and I cannot get it under control! I cannot say whether I recommend this type of birth control for anyone simply because everyone reacts differently to different drugs.
Been on Qsymia for 2weeks (trial) and as of right now I am on the 7.5 dosage. It does cut my appetite some but I am having trouble losing weight on it . I have been eating healthy &amp; counting my daily calorie intake. I have also been exercising 6days a week. I have a little headache everyday with constant dry mouth and fatigue . If any one has any tips on how I can lose more weight please comment . Thank you . I will continue to update with my progress .
I had Mirena inserted in June 2015. The insertion  process was very painful. I had a local anesthetic, and the doctor said it reduced the pain 50%. The pain of the sound for uterine measuring was significant despite the anesthetic. I experienced some bleeding and severe cramps with rectal pain and pressure for 9 days.  I spent most of the 9 days heavily medicated and missing work. I could not sit down without extreme pain. This is NOT a normal reaction, so I should have removed it right away. After ultrasound the IUD appeared to be properly placed. The conclusion was that Mirena was either poking or aggravating a major nerve. Had Mirena removed after 9 days. Symptoms improved immediately upon removal but not completely resolved yet.
I took Actonel, as directed, for four months.  Each time, my body ached so badly that I could barely walk and had to take time off from work.  I took myself off the medication because I just couldn 't function.  I go back to my doctor tomorrow.  I 'm sure I 'll be scolded.
I used this for hayfever when I was 17 and it made me drowzy. I 'm now 26, have suffered from insomnia for many years. Recently, I remembered about these making me drowzy as a teen so I decided to buy some in the hope that they 'd help me sleep. They didn 't really do much to help; they might have made me slightly more drowzy but they no way had the same effect on me a 9 years ago.
Wow. I am so nauseated took my first dose today at 3pm. It 's 7:22 am woke up vomiting. I am a little scared of this product but I will continue to take shots at .6 at least for one week. Saxsenda seems to be a powerful weight loss product. I will write another review in one week. I am at 288 lbs. My goal is to drop under 200 . I will be OK if I can reach 180 lbs. And train myself to stay on a strict died on my own..
Just finished 14 days at  875 MG twice a day.  I was asymptomatic to begin with, but when I saw my ENT for follow up after sinus surgery in September, he found some yellow mucus in my sinus.  It had not been bothering me, though.  After the first week on this drug with no side effects except mild stomach discomfort for two days, I then became very stuffy, very mucusy, and have been blowing my nose all day long every day.  This has been going on for 9 days now.  Just took my last pill this morning.  The antibiotic essentially gave me a sinus infection.  I 'll see the doc again in a week, but I 'll never take antibiotics again.  I 'll start using andrographis again on a regular basis.  It 's a Chinese herbal antibiotic.
Came down with the flu on Sunday had fever, back ache, sore throat, etc went to the doctor but they didn 't check for the flu said it was sinus infection. By Tuesday I was still feeling ill so went back to doctor and had positive flu test. Started tamiflu that day. Tamiflu caused me to be extremely nausea on Wednesday I was throwing up from Tamiflu. I did not throw up or have diarrhea in the 3 days I had the flu. Not sure if I want to keep taking it or not but it 's Thursday and although no fever or back ache still have flu headache and exhaustion.
I have being on Byetta 5mcg&amp;Lantus 3mths I 've had constant nausea which varies in severity. I haven 't had a reduction of bgl they are still quiet high; I am not at all sure whether both meds have really worked for me over the past 3mths&amp;my diabetic educator thinks the same&amp;my endocrinologist will most likely change my meds altogether next review. In one week i 'm going on 10mcg...I hope that it works but not holding my breath - I 've never had the brilliant results that others on here have had - the nausea has never gone away but the earlier dizziness did...although it hasn 't worked for me I believe that it 's worth trying, I did have hopes that worked for me, there are other meds &amp; I will get my bgl 's in a normal range&amp;lower my HbA1c
This medication worked well to relieve my pain. However, the negative effects were bad. I could not think, I stumbled, had NO energy and all I wanted to do was sleep. I stopped taking it. I have neuropathic pain in both my feet and hands (at times worse than others). However, I need to be able to find my car keys and arrive at my destination without getting lost. I have to work and while taking this medication I am unable to function.
I was not a fan of this pill. It was supposed to be three months noncyclic and I still had a period every month, longer than normal. And I would bleed in between. It also made me gain 13 pounds in 6 weeks - while I was counting calories and working out. It was impossible to lost weight on it. It made me super emotional. I was constantly weepy and depressed many days. I don 't want to take this one ever again.
Does not work well for me.
Easy to use but gave me a horrendous yeast infection.   Would rather have taken flagyl
I 've only been taking Ampyra for 2 months, but all I have noticed is heavier legs and falling much more.  I use my walker more than my cane.
I was on Gildess for about 11/2 years. I was only on it that long because I thought my body would eventually adjust to it. I was wrong. I had my period every two weeks. I can 't take this anymore and therefore I just got the paragard put in two days ago.  I pray this is the birth control that I been looking for. My doctor seemed to think that hormones were not agreeing with my body and since paragard is hormone free I would probably do well with it. I pray he is right.
I had Implanon inserted in January of 08. I have had such a terrible experience with it. For the last year and half I have had my period for a total of roughly 8 months (that 's a combined total not a constant total). I chose Implanon because I was terrible at remembering to take my pills on time. I do have to add though, I am very jealous of those women who are having a wonderful experience with it!
Not for me. Causes inflammation in the body. Not good.
So I 'm pregnant and I tried this  tonight. I applied it in but the cream came out and it burns. I don 't know - I feel like I did it wrong cause kinda does feel uncomfortable and burns a little bit
I have been on Humira for over 4 months now with minimal results. I now have psoriasis in places I never had it before. So my Doctor just took me off Humira and I am now going to try Enbrel. Sometimes what works for one person does not work for everyone. I sure miss the Methotrexate, it was a great for 3 years, but cannot take it anymore due to it messing up my bone marrow, which is finally starting to go back to normal after 6 months. Good luck everyone.
I received the implant August of 2013 and I didn 't have any problems with it for the first few months then my periods were super long (2-3 weeks some times) and I started gaining weight 6 months later after no diet change or change in exercise I am now 30 pounds heavier and been insecure about my body which is really messing up my sex life. I will try and wait until the year is up but if I continue gaining all this unexplained weight I 'm going back on the pill.
I am 12. In school I would hate to raise my hand, which made me fall behind in math because I wasn 't asking questions, in choir we would have to do stretches and warm ups with movement, I however just sat there. People started to notice and I would be angry. Then I got Hypercare it worked for about a half hour then I started sweating again. 
I have been on the Nexplanon Implant birth control for 1 year now. My experience has been horrible. Besides mood swings and the irregular periods... I gained over 40 lbs in one year without change of exercise or eating habits. On top of that I got acne like a 15 year old... I 'm 22 and I had HORRIBLE acne. I now have an appointment in 3 weeks to get the implant removed I 'm done.
Only been taking for about two weeks. Feel lethargic, achy, headache, hot flashes are worse. Depression, occasional stomach pain. Muscle pain.
I 've been on this birth control for over 7 months now and I don 't have much good to say. While it has been 100% effective for me as a contraceptive, the side effects have not been easy to handle. During the first 3 month pack, I gained 7 pounds, had breast tenderness, nausea, headaches everyday, acne, spotting and a never resting appetite. That was 3 months straight. Now at 7 months, I have lost all the weight I gained, I only have occasional headaches, no nausea, and no spotting. But the acne is still here and absolutely horrible! I 've never had acne before I started using this birth control and now it 's all over my face and not going away with anything! I 'll hopefully be switching at my next yearly exam.
I received the Liletta two months ago. Although the entire process lasted for about ten minutes, it was painful. I still suffer from cramps before, during and after my period. My face has severe acne breakouts, and at times, I experience the most excruciating pains. This experience is definitely not the best.
Restless legs was a main side effect for me.
I had the Mirena for almost 2 years. I got it thinking that my periods would stop and I wouldn 't have to worry about taking the pill everyday. Well my periods never stopped actually they lasted longer and were heavier. I experienced migraines every month and severe mood swings, and acne, I hardly ever had break outs before. I had it taken out and within a few days I had already felt better. I hope this helps other women make decisions about birth control easier.
I have only been on Junel 1/20 for almost a month, but I 'm already starting to notice differences with my body that I 'm not too happy with. Firstly, I started developing cystic acne on my chin, which never happened before. It 's really painful and hard to cover up with makeup. Secondly, my period is irregular. On my second week of the pill, I started feeling crampy and then a day or two later, I got my period. I am going to give it three months, and if nothing changes or if my symptoms worsen, I 'm asking my doctor for something else. Any recommendations?
I can tolerate most medicine side effects, but after 2-3 weeks, EVERYTHING had no taste or tasted metallic. I stopped after 5 weeks; I needed to eat. Taste came back fairly fast. I tried to stick it out but couldn 't. The weird/loss of taste was too much.
Medication works great! But I got severe joint pain all over my body especially on my feet! It got soo bad I couldn 't walk! I had no choice but to stop I only took it for 1-1/2 months. It 's been 3 months since I 've stopped taking it and my feet are back to normal I can walk again! And I haven 't had an acne breakout yet!
A dentist prescribed Clindamycine, 300 mg for treating a dental infection. After taking it for 2 days, I woke up late at night with very serious burning heartburn that ran through my back.  Never experienced this heartburn before in my life! Went to the hospital ER.  They checked for heart issues which were none, gave me a antacid mixture which got rid of it, called it Gastritis, and sent me home.  I still have heartburn pain when I drink or eat, 24 hours later.  I hope it eventually goes away.  Don 't take a chance with this antibiotic.
I am taking 60 mg of Cymbalta for anxiety and depression.  Previously I had been on Lexapro (which gave me nightmares) and Paxil, which worked for a time but sent me into a relapse when I was weaned off of it.  I have noticed a few side effects - the most predominant one is that it makes me very tired.  I don 't have much of an appetite, but when I do, I crave sweets and have put on a few pounds as a result.  Very little sex drive, though it was low to begin with.  Although the medication has helped to keep my anxiety at a manageable level, my general mood has been very blank - I feel very little in the way of happiness or sadness.  My doctor has suggested either switching to a higher dose (120 mg) of Cymbalta, or changing to Zoloft or Paxil.
28 year old female.I have both positives and negative effects. I have been on Strattera for six weeks Side effects constipation,dry mouth,anger and terrible insomnia. I cannot sleep even after taking zoplicone 7.5mg I struggle and when I eventually do get to sleep I don 't sleep for more than 5 hours and its always broken I wake up several times so am always left feeling exhausted. My mood swings however have massive improved, pretty much stopped which I 'm very happy about. Only complaint with mood is that I seem to become very angry over little things, I have had several arguments when I have always suffered with anxiety so am not confrontational at all.I am not happy and going to consult my psychiatrist regarding changing meds
I was on celexa 20 mg for depression. It helped great with my anxiety symptoms, but not well for depression. My doctor recommended I take it because I am on the anxious-side of depression, and it really helped with those symptoms - overthinking, freaking out over every little thing. My boyfriend told me I became a lot less intense and irritable. It did not help my loss of energy and fatigue and low-motivation and I still had suicidal thoughts. The first week I started on 10 mg and experienced no change or side-effects. I moved to 20 mg and it made me worse for about a week, then my anxiety symptoms got better. I am switching to bupropione because I need help with depression symptoms.
I was on Microgestin 1.5/30 and then Junel for years with absolutely no problems. I had a regular period, mild cramps, and minimal PMS. Since being put on Gildless by my insurance, my cramps are worse and the PMS has been much more prominent. I am really unhappy with this and am changing brands in hopes of a better outcome.
I have had fibromyalgia with chronic depression for years. Started Cymbalta two weeks ago. I was very lightheaded and dizzy at first. I continued on. I am at two weeks now 30 mg per day. I sure can feel when I need my dose the pain is unbelievable when it comes back. I am looking forward to bumping my dose to 60 mg per day. I am keeping my fingers crossed. Good luck to all of you out there I hope this is a miracle drug for all of us.
I had Mirena for 6 months. I 'm 20 years old. Never been pregnant. The insertion was very painful-nothing like I ever felt in my stomach before. I just thought to myself maybe this is how giving birth will feel and seriously considered not having a child for a couple of days.  When I got it inserted, my lower right pelvic area hurt a lot. It was localized pain. Very sharp. Gave it 6 months so that my body can get used to it. Results? The pain in my lower right area never went away, I experienced myself having very depressing thoughts, loss of motivation, and NO SEX DRIVE. On the upside, I didn 't gain weight. At the end? I got the Mirena removed 2 days ago.
I switched from the patch to Nexplanon in April 2014. The insertion procedure was pretty quick and painless. I did have a big bruise on my arm that lasted a while afterward. I had some acne and an itchy scalp, but the worst side effect was the CONSTANT BLEEDING. I didn 't bleed for two weeks after insertion, but then the bleeding started and rarely stopped. It was usually only enough for a panty liner or light tampon, but it rarely went away. The bleeding was unpredictable and so frustrating. I gave my body time to adjust to Nexplanon. After one year the bleeding completely stopped for about a week, giving me hope... But it came back. I finally had it removed today and got Mirena instead. FYI removal took much longer than insertion.
I started taking LoSeasonique because I wanted fewer and lighter periods. I 'm on my first package and second month of  LoSeasonique and have started spotting and having a light flow. This has lasted 8 days and just when I think it might be over it starts up again. I also have cramping. The first month of the pack was great, no spotting or nothing but at the end of the second month it sneaks up and bites. 
I have been  taking stratter for 3months now ! I 'm more tired when I take it bad I 'm assuming gas pains but I don 't care for it !
Make the itching stop. I took this for Hayfever and it worked. BUT, it then caused me to have head to toe bumps and itchiness even after stopping taking it. The itching is keeping me up at night. I am hoping to wait it out and never take it again. Also while I was taking it my eyes and face got really, really swollen. I am still not sure if this was from an unusually bad allergy season or the Zyrtec, but I am going to guess it is the Zyrtec because my allergies have never caused this before (usually I just have sinus and itchy eyes).  
I had been using a prescribed topic gel (Bianca) for 5 months when I reached out to my doctor to pair it with a medicine after reading reviews that pairing oral and topic medications can work wonders on skin. I was given doxycycline, and can honestly say this combination gave me 85% clear skin, which I was more than happy with. However, doxycycline lowers the bacteria level in your body which causes less acne. But it also threw my pH balance off and I got frequent yeast infections that were unresponsive to treatments. So I had to ditch the doxycycline, still using Bianca religiously, and almost immediately, the infections cleared up. But my skin has gotten pretty bad again these past few months : '(
Won 't dissolve, takes forever.  Severe  headaches  after  20 minutes  of taking .
I had the worst time trying to get the cap off. Its child proof and adult proof. I had to end up cutting the cap off. This my first time using. It seem to be working and I just used it less than 5 minutes ago. Well one side of my nostrils is open.
I 've been on Nuvaring for over 2 years, and never noticed my side effects until I forgot to replace it one month, and discovered how much better I felt. Along with a lot of other comments, like serious abdominal pain (for the longest time I thought it was a stomach ulcer until I was tested for it and it came out negative). I lost all of my sex drive, along with natural vaginal lubrication (I now have to resort to lube every time). But I also experienced serious mood swings, headaches and depression, and the heavy discharge. I just recently went back on it, and realized all of these side effects started happening again, and am IMMEDIATELY ending my Nuvaring prescription. I think you should seriously take these comments into your decision.
I am 19 years old and I 've been on this birth control for almost 7 months. At first I would get the typical spotting through the pill package and I had horrible breakouts around my chin (I never got breakout, maybe 1-2 pimples before my period). I waited it out for the 3 months because my friends encouraged it. They were right for the most part. My acne did clear up and now my skin is just as clear as before, if not better. Yet, I get breakthrough bleeding..STILL. It scares me more than anything and for that I can 't give this birth control a high rating. Isn 't the birth control suppose to assure you that you are not pregnant? This birth control causes more stress than it does help.
I am on month two of this medication. I am down 4 pounds from when I started. I do not feel a big change towards my desire to eat at all. I also have not seen a major change in my cravings. I do have constipation and dry mouth. My constipation was VERY bad for one week during last month. I literally did not go for FIVE days and I was eating flax, taking pills, etc. It was rough. My mood is good and I also have times where I feel very sleepy. I am on 1500 calories a day and exercising for one hour 2-3 times a week. I still have issues staying under 1500 calories. I am on 4 pills each day and wish that I felt more of the benefits that many of you describe. I am also hoping month two proves better off for me.
Gained 8 pounds in two months, wearing a splint for my left wrist due to extreme tendon/muscle pain, can 't lift anything. Also noticed that I can 't lift any of the weights that I used to be able to at gym as my upper body isn 't as strong as it used to be. Had blood work yesterday so I don 't know if it lowered my cholesterol (300 range) but Dr. is taking me off (5mg) it for a month.
I had no preparationNever had kids It hurt so terribly and if I had knownI would have demanded pain killerAnd tranquilizer before AND for after!Don 't care if it 's 3 minutesIt 's traumatizing and betrayal of docPlus nausea and after affects last 2 daysPlus I should not have drivenI have had surgery broken bones and not a wuss- I have endometriosis so maybe it affects it- who  knows- I was sweating nauseous and cramping for 48 hoursI 've always had a bad period - so it 's a little better pain wise and not as heavy  but I bled weekly till recently ( spotting whatever) All I can say - the pain was bad enough to teach u that childbirth sucks -
Very effective for controling Asthma, but side effects almost killed me. After a few months I became alergic to wheat. I would get attacks that would double my heart rate and reduce my blood pressure to half. Also I felt so weak that I could hardly stand up. Went to a heart speacialist and all kinds tests, they could not find anything wrong with my heart. After getting off this medication, no more problems with wheat. Note: I also experienced the same thing with Asmanex Twisthaler.
Bones hurt a lot, hot flashes were really bad.
So I 'm 16 and I was prescribe to this medication ( doxy) because I have rosacea on my face which causes stupid bumps and a lot of redness, anyways it is week 2 into the medication and it summer has begun so my skin really feels like it 's burning when I 'm in the sun. So if you go on this medication, try to wear a hat. Make sure when you take the pill to drink it with a full glass of water also. :)
Very little effect on pain. Have not experienced any negative side effects. This medicine may work for others, but not me.
I have been on Avelox for 4 days now and my symptoms don 't appear to be improving and I am still running a fever. If no improvement is seen by tomorrow I am going back to my Dr.
I have been on Byetta for 10 days and have had excessive diarrhea.  I take the medicine. I 'll wait an hour, I 'll eat, and then I have unending diarrhea until the next meal.  I have lost weight, I can tell. I don 't know if this is worth it.
I have been on Junel 1/20 for 2 months and just started my third pack. The first 2 months were fine. My periods are regular and actually shorter and lighter than they 've ever been which is a plus!! But  every night since I started this pack, I 've woke up with nausea and vomiting!  I 've also had a terrible headache every day... One side effect I 've had all along is lack of sex drive. Everyone responds differently to birth control but unfortunately,  I do not think this one is for me.
I have had sleeping problems for a very long time, I 'm 14 years old. I 've taken Melatonin for about three months and I see no and feel no difference in my sleep problems. I have taken extra doses and it doesn 't seem to work.
if you want to try this drug, make sure you 're prepared to either stay on it forever or be able to take at least 1 month off from your life to try to get this out of your system. I 've been on other psychiatric drugs and I 'm all for them. They really help get you through rough episodes, therefore I 'm not a scathing anti drug, crunchy all natural person. However, I can say this is one nasty, nasty drug. I feel like I 've been dumping poison in my system for the last 2 years. 3 weeks tapering VERY slowly and the room still spins, I can 't move my eyes without intense brain zaps, and basically feel like a raging lunatic. If you 've tried many other drugs and they haven 't worked and this is a last resort then I say go for it, but with caution.
I 've been taking tamusulin for about four months now for BPH. I have minimal results with weakened urine flow to the point that I feel that my bladder is about to burst and finally get trickle flows stop and go but, not able to fully empty my bladder. Side effects are stuffy or clogged sinuses which interfere with my CPAP and O2 I take 24/7. Also I 'm unable to ejeculate and my erection is painful although my erections are bigger. Frustrating to say the least. Am I facing surgery? Don 't want surgery.
I took this drug for the first time on July 28th for anxiety. At first the dry mouth made it harder to breath, which is of coarse a no-no for anxiety folks. I did sleep slightly better without feeling knocked out and had a lot of dreams, but no nightmares. I also had severe stomach cramps and diarrhea for about 10 minutes in the middle of the night. I seemed to have a slight amount of anxiety relief, but also an increase. The lethargy from the medication made me less motivated to care for daily tasks, which then piled up and created more anxiety and aggitation. Even so, I could see it being effective for some individuals, just be aware of the possible side effects before beginning  this treatment.
After being diagnosed with lupus and having several problems with my menstrual cycle for too long, Mirena was a good option according to my GP. It 's coming up to 3 years and I am not happy with it. At first I bleed for almost a year before it settled, then the weight gain and still a lot of my previous PMS symptoms continue now. The bleeding has settled in the last 2 years though, but it has not being worth it for me. I will not have it again or recommend it to anyone I know. It feels unnatural to me, knowing that there is an object inside me not to mention the constant worry of the risks associated.
I am taking Trileptal to help reduce nerve sensitivity for my chronic pain in my neck and lower back due to degenerative disc disease. It has reduced some of my chronic pain, but it makes me sleepy and tired all the time. I don 't know which is the lesser of the 2 evils, pain or sleepiness and tiresome. I started on 75 mg at night and gradually worked up to taking 150 mg twice a day. I reduced it back to 150 at night and 75 mg in the morning so I won 't be as sleepy but that doesn 't seem to help any. I go back to the Dr next week and I will discuss it with him. more.
I have taken the laxative in the past, usually in the evening.  I would wake up and have bad abdominal pain and several bouts of diarrhea until the next morning. This was with only taking one pill. I reluctantly took one last night but felt bound up and uncomfortable. I woke up at 1am with terrible stomach pain and hot flashes. I had to take off my clothes and lay on the coolest floor I could find. It was horrible. Then I vomited about 5 times and felt some relief. Shortly after I had a normal bowel movement then went back to bed with the chills. I sleep well after that and woke up feeling fine. I threw the box of dulcolax in the garbage..never again! Not worth going through that agony.
This medicine did not work for me.  I suffer from Bipolar with mood swings and panic disorder.  I went up to 10mg and It seemed to help my mood but it pushed my anxiety off the charts. I was a shaky mess while taking it and also unable to focus and complete tasks.  Went off within 4 weeks.
I was on Topamax for about a year. I didn 't notice any major side effects at first. I was loving the weight loss (didn 't consider that a bad one). It did help decrease the frequency of my migraines. Unfortunately I started noticing that I was having trouble remembering things. I was feeling like an idiot and was back in school so it was not a good combination. I wasn 't in school when I started on this medication so I didn 't realize how much it was affecting me.
One of the first birth controls I was put on for never ending periods. It definitely controlled my bleeding but I went from about 100lbs to 145lbs in the span of around 6 months. My hair did great on this pill and so did my skin but I eventually switched because of the constant hunger/ weight gain. I can definitely see how it would be good for some women but not all.
I was on Cipralex for 15 years and I got fed up with the reduced erections and orgasms. My endocrinologist recommended trying an SNRI (Wellbutrin 300 mg) and it helped a bit with the bad side effects of cipralex but I found that I was sad often and I&rsquo;d cry easily. I increased the dosage to 450mg and the sadness went away almost instantly. After a few weeks at 450 mg, I started to feel more and more anxious. I had read that the dosage shouldn&rsquo;t go beyond 450 so I didn&rsquo;t want to risk an increase so I stopped taking them completely and the anxiety has almost disappeared. (Almost means that its 90% better)I&rsquo;ve been off of Wellbutrin for almost a week and I haven&rsquo;t had any side effects yet.
Yasmin was great for the couple years I was on it, but about a month after I quit taking it my hair started to shed more than usual.  After three months I had about a 40% decrease in hair volume and became noticeably thin on top.  This is very devastating because I am an attractive, healthy 27 yer old.  This is the side effect they don 't warn you of. 
I started Sprintec three days ago and I don 't really like what it is doing to me. I have been sleeping NON-STOP. I get abdominal pains. I have red patches on my leg and I don 't eat like I normally would.  I 'm going to finish this pack and see if these continue. 
I took this medicine for a bladder infection and took it for the full five days prescribed. The first day I felt immediate relief and reduced discomfort of about 50%. However with each day that followed my relief did not increase and within 12 hours of completing perscription my symptoms were back by 90%. So either the dose wasn 't strong enough (100mg) or the prescription wasn 't long enough. No way of knowing if either or both of these conditions were changed I would have experienced more success with this particular antibiotic.
I started using Diovan HCT as a lower cost alternative without evaluating side effects.After starting Diovan, my blood pressure was OK, but started suffering from &quot;GOUT&quot;. Often I couldn 't walk and I suffered extensively for 2 years without knowing that the uric acid was being created by the medicine. I changed doctors and the new doctor recommended other medicine. My Uric acid levels went back to normal and they have been fine for 2 years. It is a pleasure for Texan to eat meat again.
It was wonderful at stopping my diarrhea.  I ended up having a soft bowel movement in about 12 hours of taking the dose.  The bad part was I had horrible abdominal pain and looked like I was 9 months pregnant.  I would rather put up with diarrhea then put up with that.  Today I am trying citrucel and hopefully won 't blow up anymore and no more abdominal cramps.
I have tried Cymbalta, tramadol, gabapentin, Lyrica, and other but this medicine took all my pain away. This pill only took my pain away for 8 months then it wasn 't as effective. Also made me gain a lot of weight. I still take it because it removes my pain after taking it last a few hours. Also the medication helps me sleep. It will knock you out.
When I first started taking this It was for pre-menopause I was put on Paxel  for hot flashes and night sweats because they were so bad I was having that nearly  50 to 60 hot flashes a day. I now have them about 20 times a day  that 's on a good day. I cannot take anything with hormones due to a genetic disorder that I have. 
Had the Implanon for almost five years, I 'm finally going to get it removed. The bleeding has gotten worst. Sometimes I bleed for a whole month and I have picked up so much weight, and these mood swings. I would rather take a chance with a condom or pill and call it a day. I haven 't gotten pregnant though.
I was on this pill for 2 years. I originally got on for acne and just for general protection but I had some negative effects. The first few months I had horrible nausea. I had to take it right before bed and I vomited a few times. After a while my body adjusted and it was perfect for me, until I got pregnant. I took it the same time every night and still managed to get pregnant. After birth I got back on and it 's made my skin a living nightmare. I switched to ortho cyclen with hopefully more luck.
Helped with my acne but had really bad side effects and caused rosacea like symptoms.
I have had implanon/nexplanon for almost 2 months and will have it removed tomorrow.I do not recommend this birth control to anyone. Weight gain 6,3 kg, that is bizarre. mood swings (sad/crying/angry) every day for no reason while I 'm a very stable person normally. I don 't recognize myself and my partner has had a tough time. Alltogether my libido also dropped. The hormone in implanon is the hormone released after ovulation.I was scared for the incision and scar to take it out,  but this is no life, it gets worse every day. Please think twice before you take this birth control. It sounds great, but the effects on, what i 've now read, many women are too negative. Only few women don 't have them.
After trying Zoloft and Lexapro with no success my doctor recommended Wellbutrin. Starting with 10mg daily. I 've been taking this medication for 4 weeks now and my depression has not improved and my anxiety has worsened. The only positive review I can give is that I 've lost 5 lbs since starting. Today my Dr. advised I should try a different medication rather than increase the dosage because of my anxiety.
I loved this birth control at first. I never had any side effects at all and then when I moved, I had to switch brands because my pharmacy didn 't carry it. That brand was fine too but then I ended up moving again and got switched back over to this. Ever since the switch (it 's been almost 8 months now), I have felt terrible. I get depressed and moody easily and I have completely lost my sex drive. When I do try to have sex with my boyfriend, it takes an extremely long time to get me aroused and we end up having to use lube every time. It 's also made me gain about 10 pounds. Basically the only upside I 've had to being on this pill is that I 've gone from a B to a D. 
I 've been on doxycycline antibiotics for 4 weeks and started epiduo 3 weeks prior. My Skin is dramatically worse than it ever was before and I wish I had never gone to my dermatologist regarding my skin. I had minor breakouts on my cheeks but was ungrateful of my otherwise clear skin and now I have terrible acne everywhere. Some say that it will eventually get better and my skin will be glowing... But my skin was not bad enough in the first place to go through this hell for clear skin.
I am so scared 
I have been on Nuva ring for quite a few years I though it was great and loved that I didn 't have to think about taking a pill but as the years have went by I 'm noticing I 'm not myself still getting chest pain and leg pain tired all the time no patience, no libido very emotional not sure what to do. I don 't do well with hormones but this ring is giving me UTI 's and yeast inventions - I hate birth control
This medication worked ok I guess but the side effects kept me from driving and sometimes even walking as it seemed my equilibrium was off when I took it. I also felt woozy and just weird. I need a muscle relaxer twice a day (one soon as I wake up bc I 'm as stiff as a board and another when I 'm going to bed as I 'm sore from working all day. I can 't take this one during the day.
I 'm a 47 year old type 2 diabetic for over 20 years. Have been on most insulin&rsquo;s after the pills stopped working for me. Then dropped a huge amount of weight so I was taken off all meds. Now gained 45lb and A1C in the 10&rsquo;s. In the past two years. I&rsquo;ve tried Januvia, not a lot of side effects but didn&rsquo;t lower my sugars. So I was put on Invokana. Worked good for maybe two months on lowering my sugars but the side effects were quite bothersome. Especially the longer I was on it. Yeast infections bad. Up at night going to the bathroom because of the way the med works, extremely tired, thirsty,dehydration issues if you don&rsquo;t drink enough and the recent gas,bloating,constipation issues. I couldn&rsquo;t get enough carbs with my cravings and wt gain! Off the Med and on to Victoza!
I have been on Celexa for 2 years now.  It worked great for the first year or so until I realized that I started not being able to remember anything.  I am in college and I have also started having a hard time concentrating.
Day two of taking the higher dose of trulicity I was so ill , my breath smelt like poop and I kept burping with the most awful eggy/ pooey breath , later that night I was violently sick and it smelt again like poop and looked liked it . I 've never been sick with what looked like should have come out the other end . Just started on lower dose today so hopefully don 't get side affects like that again .
I 've been on Arimidex 4 years and 1 month, prior to which I took Tamoxifen for 5 months.  During the first year I developed a frozen shoulder, which my oncologist said could be due to the Armidex, extreme joint stiffness which gradually subsidized and ended after 9-12 months, intense hot flashes which as of this year are lessening, insomnia, vision issues (detached retina - but am also very myopic), pronounced facial aging, dry skin (am 57 years old) and thinning hair.  I also experienced depression and mood swings beginning 3 months after the start of Arimidex.  I never took medication for it but am finding that it has also gradually lessened over the last 1 1/2 yrs.
Within 5 days of taking Eliquis I have an itch rash on both sides of various parts of the body. Particularly itch at night after a couple of hours sleep. Seems to appear on same area of opposite sides of body simultaneously. Legs, upper arms, forearms, thighs, sides of stomach and chest.Also muscle spasms, legs, hips, back arms.Stop taking drug and no more muscle spasms and itching and rash clears up within a week to ten days.
I hate to be one of the many negative commenters on here, but I want others to know my side effects that were related to the ring, that i didn 't at first think was related to it.Severe anxiety and racing heart. back pain. Zero sex drive! My alcohol tolerance down to zero with severe vomiting, shivering and hangovers. VERY moody especially week before period. I have been off all birth control for about 2-3 weeks...ALL symptoms have disappeared...amazingly...and now I know it 's related to the birth control, not me going insane.
I started on Trintellix at 10mg and after about 6 weeks I feel like I still didn 't feel it was helping a whole lot. A few weeks ago my Primary Dr said to up it to 20mg then and that same week I found out when getting my annual through the OBGYN that my Thyroid medication that I 've been on for a good 5 years had to be increased from 25Mcg to 50Mcg about 2 weeks ago. The primary Dr was going to take over and check how the thyroid medication was doing in about 8 weeks. So I 'm not sure if having this thyroid problem right now, if that 's way the Trintellix hasn 't really kicked in for me or not? They say if your having thyroid problems it can cause depression and anxiety. So I guess I 'll just have to wait and see?
I used to use nitrofurantonin when I would get recurrent urinary tract infection as a low dose and that seemed to work well. I hadn 't had a UTI in 7 years then got one. Doc prescribed nitrofurantonin and after 3 pills my symptoms were worse. Usually when I get antibiotics for a UTI my symptoms stop almost immediately so I knew they weren 't working. Doc then prescribed Bactrim and I felt better within hours. I must have a nitrofurantonin resistance from taking the so much?  My side effect was I was very tired. I could have slept all day.
I took this medication only 2 nights.  It made me have horrible nightmares, almost night terrors.  And even after I calmed down from the nightmares that woke me, I was very panicked and freaked out and couldn 't go back to sleep.  This medicine is certainly NOT for me!
Oh my gosh! Started taking this for shift work 6 years ago and now it 's the only way I can sleep- only I don 't any more! I went thru the hallucinations , the binge eating, the &quot;oh my God, I bought what on ebay last night?&quot; To waking up in some unusual places not knowing how I got there. It takes you through the coaster ride but the thrill is gone. Fitful nights, not more than 3 solid hours any more. I 'm trying belsomra tomorrow night. Side effects sound scary, but so did ambien when I first heard about it. Not a cure all and it 's only worth praising the 1st year or 2. Sucks when your sleep never comes....
This medication has made my acne severely worse. I have also been experiencing burning sensations during intercourse after beginning this medication. I am not aware if this is the cause, but my doctor has tested for EVERYTHING else so we are considering this may be the issue.
My insertion  date August 2015  I 've been bleeding for two months heavy nonstop, I 've noticed a decrease in my breast milk production  since insertion but no weight gain or loss... Going to hold out another month hoping for change but I 'm constantly think about getting it removed... I 'm not good with taking pills so I 'm hoping for the best
Took this for a week for chest infection and when I stopped with in days I had was peeing large amounts of blood...now on another antibiotic for a bladder infection. I don 't understand how I got a bladder infection after being on this antibiotic...cleared chest up but nothing for bladder.
I was switched from Loestrin 24 to this since it was discontinued and at first I was super nervous because it was chewable, but I liked Loestrin so I went with it. The first month was okay, and it was exactly like Loestrin 24 with nothing different. The second month I was told by my doctor that I can skip the placebo pills to not have my period and I did just that. The first week after doing so was great but then I started to spot. I knew it would happen but it 's been going on consecutively for three weeks and it 's into the next pack now. It 's also caused mood swings, headaches (and I never get those), vision blurriness here and there, cramps, bloating, gassy, all the upsetting side effects. Overall, not good and I may switch to another bc
This birth control was pretty terrible. I should preface this by saying I only took it for a month and not the 3 months that is recommended for your body to adjust to a hormonal birth control. However, there was no way I was going to subject myself to 3 months of this pill. The first two weeks it caused me to have insane mood swings. I 'd get extremely mad at virtually nothing. The two times I accidentally took the pill a few hours late, I immediately started spotting and would continue to spot for a few days. It also made my skin break out despite the fact that I have a good skincare routine and rarely experience acne.
Wanted a low dose oral BC after being off for about a year &amp; a half. Was rx 'd Sronyx from PP. I wanted low dose because I 've dealt with depression before. This pill made me absolutely crazy. I felt ok the first week but I 've never been more irritable, moody &amp; depressed. I 've had anxiety &amp; literally feel like another person. Can 't wait for this to clear my system
When I first started this birth control i thought that it actually improved my mood but after a couple months on the pill I have become extremely irritable, I start fights with my boyfriend constantly that end up in screaming matches, and just overall an angry person. That is not how I was at all before taking the pill. The pill has been effective in preventing pregnancy in two ways, one it 's intended way, and two hardly any sex drive save for when I 'm actually on my period. I don 't think this is the birth control for me and I will be switching after I 'm through with my last box next month.
Had a UTI and went to urgent care.  The doctor there put me on this medication and while it does work within a couple of days, the nausea is so bad!! I 've been feeling so sick to my stomach since taking this medication.  I can 't seem to focus on anything and the headaches are really bad as well.  I know others may have completely different experiences, I am only sharing mine!
I started taking this pill for breakthrough bleeding 4 months ago. Since I had my children I have not been able to take any oral contraceptive pills to help with the constant bleeding. I even tried Mirena for 1 year. The first 2 months were like magic. Now I am having excessive bleeding on my 3rd week of pills and couple of days of spotting when I should have my period. I don 't have any emotional or physical side effects, but Natazia is expensive.
had sinusitis for 3 weeks and got augmentine for medication. I 'm on my 3rd day now and thinking of stopping as it gave me severe headache. couldn 't do any work, just laying on the bed battling with it. augmentine is good, for most people, but not for me though.
I have been taking this pill for almost a year, probably by far the worst birth control I 've ever taken (side effects wise).  This pill makes you bleed and spot ALL the TIME. I take it at the exact time every single day and yet somehow my period will start like 2 weeks before I 'm supposed to get it and it will last for like a week of just pure spotting. This is verrrrrry annoying and inconvenient for a woman with a boyfriend. You  never know if one day you 're just going to start bleeding or not. Periods are just as bad as before I was on the pill, cramps, bloating, and heaviness of bleeding varies. I also have almost a non existent sex drive which sucks. Also I have been having stomach issues on and off since I 've been taking this.
I think it 's probably a good product but not the right medicine for my condition. I have very inflamed painful bursitis under my scapula that throws all my muscles in my back/neck out of whack and creates a lot of transferred pain and problems for me. I was hoping this Voltaren gel my rheumatologist prescribed would help since the Celebrex and muscle relaxers alone are not doing the trick. But I do not detect any difference when I use it. However, I do occasionally get soreness in my left knee and when I tried it on that, it did seem to help.
I have always been prone to YIs, but this is the worst experience I 've had thus far. I 've never experienced the burning and itching with treatment. It 's always felt better as soon as I began treatment. I was actually worried that something else was wrong and wondering if I should start asking my boyfriend some questions. Glad I read these reviews before I got too worked up! Lol!Sheesh! The burning and itching is pretty bad and I 'm only on night 2. I 'm very uncomfortable, but hopefully it will subside as I get further into the treatment.
I am so happy to find these reviews. I originally tried Loestrin 24 a few years ago and it was great! However, I went to back school and could not afford it anymore. I started using it again a few months ago. I felt tired all of the time and never had any energy. I would always get really bloated, experienced symptoms of pregnancy. My mom was even convinced I was pregnant due to my symptoms, breast tenderness, but I decided to stay on this pill because I now have short periods. Can wear pantyliner when on my cycle and cramps only the 1st day of my cycle. However, I have been a nutbasket, my moods are all over the place, I am always angry, sad, crying for no reason, argumentative. I couldn 't figure out why.
Switched to this since Lisinopril made me cough like a barking seal. It keeps the bp in check, however, after taking this medication for several months I have developed serious side effects, including weight gain --up 20 pounds since started taking, high blood potassium, moderate dehydration, numbness, orthostatic hypotension (probably from the dehydration). No one told me about the potassium issue, wasn 't warned by the pharmacist, the doctor, had to look this up on the internet. My vitamin C supplement contains electrolytes and this is a contributing factor. REALLY, REALLY think this potassium issue should be on the label of each bottle. Along with CAUSES weight gain. Very important for those of use with specific health issues.
I started taking Junel Fe after taking Sprintec for three months, and at first I liked it. It is effective for birth control, but I had the worst side effects. It made my face breakout, I gained some weight, and it made me so moody and depressed. Going on month five I spent a lot of time sleeping and spending time alone because of the pill.
I tried Cymbalta for chronic calf pain due to small fiber neuropathy. I did not experience brain zaps, night terrors or headaches but it did make me sleep a lot while i acclimated. I got up to 120mg/day but did not get any pain relief; still, it seemed to help with my attitude so i kept it at 60mg for a while. Ultimately I ended up getting better results from Pamelor.
I been taking this medication and no work out and I 'm gaining weight I don 't eat anything but healthy foods what do I need to do
This drug is OK for short term but long term after second car accident severe stomach pain.  I would take it and stomach would start making noise.  Horrible nausea follow,  researched and found it is cheapest muscle relaxers.  My opinion there is bad stuff in those things, currently taking Soma and no side effects even when taken for same time frame: taken longer too.
Unfortunately for me Azithromycin caused hives on day 3 of a 5 day pack.  I was starting to feel a tad bit better, but had to stop taking due to hives.  After which I had 2 more weeks of coughing due to bronchitis and had to use Ceftin for 10 days 2 times a day at 500mg.
I 've had Mirena for about a year didn 't have a single period now out of no where I had a period for two weeks and now I 'm bleeding so heavily. I have headaches cramping and my acne is breaking out horribly.
After about 2 months this medication started working. Previously I had acne on my forehead and cysts would sometimes appear on my cheeks. It was the clearest it had been in years and it was working very well. Fast forward 8 months from the starting date and my acne was back to where it began. It was very disappointing for it to work and then stop working.
I was put on this med back in 2013 as a trial and error. (I have a kidney disease and high blood pressure) - I was also suffering from heavy periods/ovulation pain. So I went on it. And then stopped because it caused my BP to raise after 3 months.I then tried again in 2016 because I was already on a beta blocker. I have bad break outs, low sex drive, bloating, periods are spotty and went from every 28 days to 22 days. I 'm very moody and emotional.
Been on Lexapro 10 mg for 3 days now and the panic attacks went away but still have times where I feel like curling up in a ball and crying. I 'm really jittery and feel like sleeping all the time. I 'm hanging in there to see if it works...wish me luck!
Was switched to this after the generic version by ranbaxy was discontinued. Developed symptoms of tolerance straightaway. It causes my brain to scream out in pain all the time and I keep getting unwanted thoughts. I also developed muscular aches and pains all over and other drugs just kept causing my muscles to contract and be unable to relax. I tried stopping many times but kept returning cuz of the nausea and vomiting and all the other symptoms above. I have been off it for about three months and have been back on it for three days. Already I hear my brain screaming out in pain and the unwanted thoughts return. The muscle aches seem to occur only in conjunction with another drug. I am taking it only because of the grief I feel in my heart
I had a boyfriend for a few months and our relationship started to get serious so I decided that I needed to start some sort of birth control. I am awful with remembering to take my medicine everyday. This shot was an easy fix for that. You get a shot then don 't have to think about taking anything again for three months and you just go get another shot. This birth control is very effective and easy to keep up with, but one of the side effects was weight gain. I figured that I 'd be fine since my doctor told me it just increases your appetite so as long as you watch what you eat you would be fine. This shot made me hungry all of the time. I gained 30 pounds from September to February. I got off of the shot and the weight is not easy to lose.
I started Contrave on December 8.  I loss 4 pounds by January 8.  I didn 't change my diet very much but could not eat the portion sizes I had become accustomed to. I don 't have sugar cravings anymore.  It gave me headaches at first, but they went away.  Constipation is still an issue.  I 'm not convinced yet that the medication was the cause of the 4 lb weight loss.  I did notice I had to take the second dosage in early afternoon, otherwise I would be awake at night.  I 'm going to try another 30 days and see what happens.I think the daily weighing helps a lot.  That way I did watch what I ate so that I would keep losing
Just started taking this over almost a week. 1st thing I noticed was weak orgasm, little to no semen. Penis is largely flaccid. Flow has improved hope the dribble improves within the next week. Semen and orgasm my be an issue for me though.
Did not help.
I have been taking this medication for 3 weeks and I have not notice any changes. I was on phentermine 37.5 and had much better results. I think I am going back to phentermine. Besides this medicine cost way to much....
Invega has gotten rid of my mania at 75 mg monthly injection. However, the side effects are much more than lithium or valproic acid and it is much worse on the body.  So I think it is really better to just take a mood stabilizer so am thinking of switching to lithium or valproic acid.  I will try to reduce to the lowest injection which is 50 mg monthly. I am using it as a monotherapy. It along with Risperdone injection are the only long-lasting injections available. So they force it on me because they don
I must say if I only knew what this medication was going to do to me I would of never taken it. At the age of 61 this medication has destroyed my life. After each injection it caused deeper and deeper depression. What at one time brought joy to my life is gone. There is no since of any type of sexuality at all. Nothing brings joy to ones life. after each shot it just makes it worse. The hot flashes are so severe I will have to change my work shirt a couple of times a day. I will soak a shirt with in minuets. One has to remember that the Eligard will get rid of all your hormones. we are not made to run that way and there is no support that will help you deal with that or tell you what to expect. You are no longer male but not female either.
I 've been taking concerta for 3 years now and I 'm 18. I started out with 18mg and slowly went up to 54mg. My grades went from really low to average in weeks but the side effects are really crappy. I have troubles sleeping at night and I feel things that aren 't there. I also have a big loss of appetite and have to force myself to eat sometimes. I have days where I get really depressed to the point that I don 't want to get out of bed and do anything. I also feel really anxious and on edge and I start scratching/ picking at my skin which gave me scars all over my back. I thought about it and went off the pill and my grades suddenly dropped again. The pill really does help with focus and motivation but the side effects are really tough!!!
I 'm 33 and just had my first my baby in September. 8 weeks after I had her I had the Mirena inserted. When it was put in, I weighed 162 - I had lost 8 lbs after my daughter 's birth. Since then, in the last 5 months since having the Mirena put in, I have not lost a single pound. Not only am I breast feeding, but I 'm training for a marathon. I am eating about 1600 - 1800 calories per day (about 500 lower than my normal consumption while training for marathons) and I cannot lose the weight. Has Merina made me gain weight? No. But it is clearly a factor in not allowing me to lose baby weight. Needless to say, I 'm going to have it removed. I believe there are better alternatives to something that keeps me 30lbs over my normal weight.
I have been on this medication for 3.5 weeks and have lost only 2 lbs. I was on Phentermine a few months before starting Contrave and lost nothing with that medication as well. I eat healthy and exercise 4-5 times a week. I 'm so frustrated because nothing is working. Anyone else have similar issues?
I am suffering from Cystic Acne &amp; Acne Vulgaris . I used all Face washes but nothing worked. I spent a lot of money on these products but Did not get relief. Last year, I used Vibramycin tablets for 2 weeks. It worked wonder !!! My face was clear. But White heads acne came back. I don 't know why.. But It is very irritating for me. I can 't go out to enjoy. I can 't go to park.
I started this birth control on the 1st day of my period exactly 2 weeks ago. I started to notice some extreme headaches within the first week that would not go away no matter what I did. I wasn 't absolutely sure it was the pill that caused it, I thought maybe it was from oversleeping. However here I am two weeks later bleeding, and having unbearable cramps whereas before I would bleed for 5 days with minor cramps. I just stopped taking it 2 days ago so I 'm hoping the side affects go away soon. I know birth control affects everyone differently I just couldn 't deal with the headaches. Hoping the Nexaplanon side affects aren 't too bad.
I have been experiencing extreme stomach pain and heart palpation as well as a little more time in the bathroom then usual. I 'm usually given Prednisone and I do fine but this is not settling well. Extremely nervous!
My daughter is 6 years old and was diagnosed with ADHD when she was 4. I just recently put her on medication due to the fact her grades were slipping and she was in trouble constantly at school. She is on 30mg of Vyvanse. Although she has improved 100% at school she comes down off the medication at about 5pm and is a holy terror. She gets put to bed at 8 and does not fall asleep until some time around midnight. Also she does not eat hardly anything but she has always been that way for the most part.
It did it 's job, but came with some nasty side effects. Gained weight and it absolutely killed my sex drive.
Worked fine for 2 months than my voice got very deep and now I am constantly hoarse. I have to get this replaced and the doctor is checking to find one without those side effects.
Had the flu for 4 days but didn 't know it. Urgent care prescribed Tamiflu. Have taken 2 so far and don 't feel any better at all. It 's day 6 of the flue and I 'm tired, muscle pain, can 't do anything. Splitting headache. Took Motrin 800 for the headache. Helped a little. Feel like crap. Would have expected a tiny improvement overnight. $68 with insurance!!! They Said$181.65 without. You kidding me?  What do people do who can 't afford this stuff?
I was on this BC for a year. My doctor recommended it due to menstrual pain, not cramping...hard to explain, and it worked! My periods were shorter, the pain was gone, my skin was glowing and so many people noticed, but at the same time, I was gaining weight and my hair was falling out! It took about three years for it to grow back! If you don 't mind losing hair and gaining weight, this is the BC for you. If you 're concerned please speak with your doctor to find the best BC for you, not just what they 're being told to recommend to patients.
Yes everyone 's body is different but while taking the Microgestrin pill I had a lighter period which was a plus but I also felt really nausea at times, tender boobs, bloating, weight gain, and a very low sex drive which was the main reason I stopped taking it.
I do want to preface by restating a previous poster 's statement about every woman 's body is different and react differently to different hormones and birth control. The Implanon was my ideal birth control method. I had lost a lot of weight after my pregnancy, but my weight loss stagnated once I got the Implanon. I gain back all the weight I had lost and still struggle to lose weight. While I am concerned about my weight and health concerns related to being overweight, I am also concerned about my emotional and mental stability. Over the last couple months, I have been getting a lot of headaches, which I have very rarely ever had and I just wake up angry some mornings or I just don 't feel anything. But you might not have these problems.
I started on the patch approximately 6 yrs ago with a 0.50 patch for low back pain. Due to withdrawal symptoms on the third day, (sweating, chills, fatigue) I was increased to a 0.75 patch and then again to a 0.100 patch. I 've been on it for two years and with the exception of the first 36-48 hrs. I have side-effect problems that are terrible. I have lost all my upper teeth due to gum loss and decay, this just after spending $2000 to get my teeth put into shape.  I go from hot flashes and drenching sweats to chills every 10 to 15 minutes.  I have severe backache, headache and urine retention. The patch did wonders for my pain, but long term, the side-effects aren 't worth it for me.
I have had the Nexplanon for 6 months now, and i want it removed! As far as getting it placed in my arm, it was not bad did not hurt much at all. After 3-4 weeks my period came like scheduled and no exaggeration on this i bled for 2 months straight! I was hoping after it 's done i won 't get my period for awhile or at least it would just go back to normal. No such luck every month til now i have my period and spot for 2 weeks out of the month. It makes me miserable and is effecting my sex life. As far as weight gain i have 'nt gained or lost weight. If the bleeding is 'nt a problem then i would suggest it, it is just not for me!
I got this bactrim dm antibiotic prescribed to me for prostatitis/ uti symptoms not to long ago.. I took the medication twice a day for about a month!!! Some days were better then others.. if i would take it with an empty stomach and not enough water to swallow the big chunky tablet my lips would feel some kind of burning sensation going on and I would just feel kind of itchy all over. If I would take it with food and about two glasses of water I 'd be perfectly fine! Anyways I don 't know why but even after a month of taking the medication twice a day everyday, my uti symptoms are still their! They 're not as bad as they were before I started taking the antibiotics.. but they 're some what still noticeable.. grrrrrrr!
This drug works great at first until you need more and more to focus. Stay away from this med if you don 't truly have ADHD or you have hypertension.
Not pregnant, so at least there 's that. Beyond that, I 'm not terribly impressed. Dramatic mood swings; just this morning, I went from being a ray of sunshine to crying on the floor in my room because my jeans were tight. This happens several times a week. Which brings me to the next lovely side effect; weight gain. I have an active career (I 'm a dancer) and I work out 5-6 days a week. I have a very healthy diet, which I moniter carefully. Yet, I have gained about 8-10 pounds since starting this pill. I normally have very clear skin, but have noticed some breaking out along my cheekbones and jawline. The best one; my libido is in the basement.  I 'm at the end of month four. Calling the Dr in the morning. Not worth the depression, especially.
Unfortunately side effects for me have been horrific! I was on 800mg for 6 weeks. I wound up with nausea, extreme hoarseness,  high blood pressure,  fatigue with sleeping 18 to 22 hours a day. Took a turn for the worse and liver enzymes were high. Could not eat or drink water for 5 days and lost 30 pounds. I was off the Votrient for a month and just started back on half the dose; 400mg. So far so good one evening of slight nausea. Other than a little more tired it appears to be better.
Didn 't seem very effective, increased my heart rate esp when standing. Made me dizzy sometimes, especially when changing positions.
I am a migraine sufferer and I was prescribed Pregabalin over a year ago for Neuropathic Nerve Pain in my foot.  Not a single migraine over this time but unfortunately and because of all the side effects, I had to come off it.  Yes, the migraines returned with a vengeance.  I have just started taking Pregabalin again, one 25mg capsule every three days as an experiment and, touch wood, I think it 's helping. It 's too early to tell if it will be of any permanent good as I 've been borderline with the vision thing a couple of times but fingers crossed.  My Pain Management Consultant and my GP thought I was joking at first and were quite surprised.
Ok so mind me, I was only had the implant for a little over a month before I couldn 't deal with the side effects anymore. Horrible headaches, acne, fatigue, and atrocious mood swings! One second I would get furious at something ridiculous and the next, I could cry because I felt bad for getting so mad! Anyway, obviously the doctors told me to wait it out, eventually in about 6 months or so, my hormones would settle. I didn 't have time to HOPE that these symptoms would go away as a had boot camp in 4 months, and I couldn 't go being a crazed, hormonal mess! Every woman is different. My family has a past of being sensitive to permanent /strong hormones such as the bar. If you know you are sensitive as well, I would NOT recommend getting this
It 's great for the joints and does make it feel better, almost like the joints are floating on gel. The bad side of it is that it doesn 't help with other pain you may have. So your only option for that is Tylenol.
 I have to quit this medication. I 'm just into week three, and I just can 't handle the nausea. I 'm miserable. Today I was overcome with the vomiting, my final straw. I tried to keep going, thinking that, if I can just get through it. Between the nausea, the vomiting, the diarrhea and the contstant feeling of overwhelming tiredness...I can 't. If the drug helps you lose weight by making you feel ill every day, then it 's working!  Nothing ever sounds good to eat, smells and visuals of certain foods now make me near vomit, and when I have food, I push it around on my plate or don 't eat a 1/4 of what I used to. My doctor told me I wasn 't getting ENOUGH calories now. Go figure. I spent a lot of money on this medication and had high hopes
I went to Urgent Care for what turned out to be a kidney stone. I was in severe pain and they finally (after begging) gave me Toradol in my IV. It took quite awhile to just take the edge off. It lasted about 3 hours. When I left, they gave me another pain killer that nicely did the trick!
This medication gave me relief but then the major effects came. In my 7th year severe headache every day, retina tore from blood vessels bursting, rash started on ankle spread all the way up my right leg. Finally I decided to find some other way to handle this terrible pain.
My husband has been on Forteo after having 7 spinal compression fractures.  Since he started the injections 2 months ago, he has had increasing shortness of breath.  Any exertion causes severely labored breathing.  This is a dramatic change as he did not have this symptom before.  I 'm very worried it is the Forteo!
I got my nexplanon in april of 2016. Insertion was fine. When my next period was suppose to come...it lasted till September. Non stop. No Pms, but tons of ruined underwear and pants. Ive gained about 20lb and my acne has flared up. Since the insertion, ive had horrible pains in my ovaries that doctors cant explain. Bleeding has stopped, but severe cramps persist. In the end... I guess id rather deal with this then getting pregnant, but i dont think id hesitate if i had the option to get it out.
I went with the Nexplanon when I was bout 10 weeks post partum because it is one of the few birth controls that are safe while breastfeeding and I had the Implanon for the full 3 years prior to being pregnant and loved it. Well I hate the Nexplanon... ever since I got it put in my arm I have been gaining weight and haven 't been able to lose it no matter what I do, my acne has never been worse, my anxiety has never been higher and the mood swings are terrible. I will not recommend this to anyone anymore. I have called and its scheduled to be removed next week.
I was diagnosed in 2005.Started out Rebif on 2007 then I had many symptoms when I was on it, less sensation in my tongue, hands, feet  and also vertigo. I changed the interferon to another type which I take more often but still same as interferon not sure about the name was horrible too then changed to avonix it was the worst I stopped all since 2011 and never had any symptom since then but I will search and start something.
I have been taking bactrim now for about a week n a half for a uti, and mrsa. I am sure it 's workin because the kidney pain has subsided however the nausea is so crucial it 's like the worst nausea I 've ever had in my life. Not to mention headache and chills. Ugh I don 't know if it 's worth it
I have been on this for about 6 months now after being on desagestoral and constant bleeding. Seem to be on 26-28 day cycle and bleeding lasts between 4 and 6 days but 2 weeks after I get another period. My mood is often low on this pill and I often feel weepy. The cycle is doing my head in now and I 'm terrified there 's something wrong with me. Want to just stop but scared I 'll always be this messed up. Anyone else experienced this? I 'm 38.
I 've been on it for 10 days, and have gained 5 pounds. I feel that my appetite has decreased, but I 've experienced dizziness and fatigue. I 'm disappointed, as I really want this to work. I 'm happy, though,  for all those who have been successful!
My son is 9 years old and was &quot;officially diagnosed&quot; a year ago.  He was on Focalin for 2 months, than started Concerta 18mg for 6 months.  The Concerta was going great however, he developed odd behaviors like making noises and zoning out.  He started Intuniv a month ago.  His blood pressure dropped really low which attributed to him being very tired.  We gave it to him at night and he still woke up groggy and very sleepy.  Throughout school he was dazed and tired.  He didn 't find anything to laugh about and seemed out of it.  During the third week (the 3mg dosage) his therapist took him off.  Within 3 days he was laughing and having getting back to normal.  I heard great things about Intuniv and wish all of you the best of luck.
I 've had nexplanon for about a year. I HATE IT. I 've had trouble sleeping (too much sleeping) weight gain, constantly having &quot;periods&quot; and I 've been Extremely moody.. I want it out but I 've had the pill, shot and now this. It 's NOT worth it. I just want to feel normal again.
When I experienced lipodystrophy on the insulin pump, my endocrinologist prescribed Toujeo pens for my basal insulin and Humalog pens for my mealtime and correction doses of insulin. I have always been somewhat brittle but on the toujeo, I was even more brittle.  My doseage of 16 units of Toujeo was too low but an increase of only one unit of one unit per day caused extremely low blood sugars.  In fact in my almost 40 years of Type 1 Diabetes, the lowest blood glucose readings I ever experienced (25 mg/dl) was while on Toujeo.  I am not a medical professional but I would not recommend Toujeo to anyone.
I am a 64 year old male. I stopped taking this drug (along with Glimepiride) after only 8 days because I was experiencing constant exhaustion and shortness of breath. Walking up the steps caused me to pant and have to sit and rest. I wanted to sleep all the time. I never took a sugar reading during the 8 days I was taking it, so it may very well have worked to lower my sugar. I just couldn 't live with the side effects, and felt better within hours of stopping taking it (and Glimepiride). I will go back to my doctor after the holiday to try something else.
Had the Mirena inserted 2yrs ago, 3mths after having my daughter via c-section. I had a monthly period still. I had cramping every now and then, like sharp pinching feeling. My IUD checks seem that it was in the right place just a bit lower in the cervix. I 've had pregnancy symptoms this last month. I even missed my period. Well I went to the hospital the other day since I was having contractions. I wasn 't pregnant, but my contractions were strong enough that it was pushing the Mirena out. The doctor examined me and said it would have came out within a couple weeks. It was very low. 
Started taking amlodipine 5 mg with indapamide once a day. I had terrible side effects with both medications.  Amlodipine caused hives, heart palpitations, swelling and weight gain. However, I have to admit that the combination of both pills was effective in bringing my blood pressure down in 2 weeks.  I just couldn 't tolerate the side effects. Doctor changed script to 180mg Diltiazem CD.  Hopefully this will work.
My son was prescribed  this medication due to an ear infection. After about 3 days on it his whole body was covered in hives. He had huge welts from head to toe. He was 2 at the time. He was given steroids to help bring down the hives and his feet swelled  like balloons. He was on the steroids for 2 days before his feet swelled.  I do not recommend this antibiotic for younger kids. Very bad experience. Please stay away at all costs.
I started Sprintec because my doctor recommended it after I decided to get on birth control after my miscarriage. 2 pills into my second week on them I started my period. It lasted for 12 days, with at least 8 of them being fairly heavy. I have also experienced almost constant spotting since starting it. Tomorrow I start the second week of my second pack, and I 've been spotting for 2 days. If things don 't even themselves out soon, I 'm switching meds. I 'm tired of the bleeding affecting my sex life. I got on Sprintec to prevent pregnancy, not sex. I honestly believe just using condoms would be a better experience!
I have been on exemestane for 7 months and stopped because of the severe joint pain, especially when 1st getting up from a sitting position or getting out of bed. Been off for about a month and I 'm still experiencing symptoms. 
Zyprexa helped with my obsessive compulsive disorder. It also relieved the depression greatly. Weight gain is a bad side effect from this medicine (taking 10mg daily). Gained 16 pounds in 2 months. The nights are better, just longer (around 11 hours every night).
This medication worked great for the situational issue I had been in but the withdrawl side effects that you 're not told about were not worth it. I tried tapering off of it very SLOWLY 5 or 6 times and failed every time because the withdraw side effects were that terrible. I eventually got off of 100mg and it took about 2-3 months. I used a nail file to taper my doses with an astronomically high amount of B12 and Omega fish oils. I recommend seeing an Iridologist before going to a doctor for meds.
Took one capsule before going to bed for a week to help sleep (arthritis). Had a reaction of hypertension and tachycardia.  Stopped taking anything extra beside regular meds.  Took it again about a month later.  Had the same reaction, only much worse.  Ended up in the OR.  Realized what the cause was.  I have never taken anymore and condition has not returned after three months.  My doctors were not aware of this reaction from Tylenol until I found this site.
Not very effective against my case of acute bronchitis.  After 10 days, with little improvement, I was switched to Bactrim.  Will report on Bactrim 's effectiveness after I have been on it for the prescribed time.
I got on the Nexplanon the same day I had my baby, Feb 9 2016, I have gained over 24 pounds, I just recently began having headaches almost everyday, my ankles swell up a lot, and i 'm extra moody.  The great thing about this birth control is you don 't get pregnant and its nothing you have to worry about.  I got the nexplanon right after I had my first baby and my side affects were extremely different.  I got depressed, I lost a lot of weight(which I loved), I had a lot of energy, but I had random 3 week long periods.  I don 't really recommend any woman to get this but then again every woman is different.
I tend to suffer regular bouts of constipation and have found that Miralax and other powder-based laxatives have had little effect.  I decided to give Dulcolax a shot while on a trip as it was very uncomfortable to be so bloated while doing some strenuous activities.  I took three tablets (I 'm 6 '5&quot; 250 lbs and usually take max dose) on Friday at 7PM.  Between HORRIBLE cramps, chills, cold sweets, weakness, and constant runs, I felt like I had taken the pill-form of food poisoning.  It is now Monday at 11 AM and I am still unable to eat anything without it going straight through me.  This is not worth it, and Dulcolax should not be advising people to EVER take three of these.  Awful experience.
I took this for a cough I was having in conjunction with a sore throat. Every time I coughed it just made my throat feel terrible. It did nothing for my cough at all, and it kept me up all night. The medicine and the cough, combined, made me lay awake. The codeine just didn 't seem to knock me out. I had better luck with Theraflu Warming.
I used to be an extremely bubbly, happy, and very sexual person. I 've had the Nexplanon for a little over a month and my weight has stayed almost the same (I went from 140-135). I 'm very active and generally up for anything.After having the Nexplanon implanted I 've been miserable. I have at least 2/3 anxiety attacks weekly, I 'm moody, hateful, irritable and downright not myself. My poor boyfriend is trying to be a trooper but I can barely contain my own feelings :(My sex drive is GONE whereas previously I was craving sex twice a day! I don 't feel like myself. I had my period for 2 straight weeks after implantation and now I 'm bleeding very lighting continuously. I 'm giving it a couple more weeks before I call to have it removed :(
First couple of days it was working well then I started noticing mood swing, insomnia, anxiety, anger, agitation on top of that lack of energy and a sore throat. It 's ok but not worth all these side effects.
I have been prescribed Macrobid 3 times in the span of a year for UTIs. The first and second time I took Macrobid, I had no side effects at all. The third time I took it, I had a 101 fever within hours of the second dose, shallow breathing and cough, and diarrhea. My fingers were tingling too. I immediately stopped taking it and it 's been not quite 2 days yet but the fever is going away. I 'm going to have to look into natural remedies for UTIs now. I admit that I thought everyone else on here was &quot;crazy&quot; writing about their side effects when I had none...until it happened to me. Just because you didn 't have any the first time doesn 't mean you won 't next time, like I did.
This medicine caused high prolactin
The only positive thing to say is that it made me sleep 6 1/2 hours straight although it didn 't help me get to sleep. The reason I laid down was because I became very dizzy and woke up feeling the same which has induced anxiety. I have felt completely off balance similar to vertigo. I have taken stronger sleep aids that didn 't give me this effect. I was very hopeful. A waste of $90.00.
Whenever I have a urinary tract infection, a yeast infection is sure to follow and this time, instead of buying the 3 day treatment of Canesten that you insert inside (which has always worked well the first day), I tried the one pill.  No side effects.  However I my vagina is still itchy, burning and rubbing it no longer provides any relief anymore.  Going back to the doctor, hoping for something stronger.
Few days ago I shared my experience  after taking ella one, &amp; was waiting for it to work. So I got my period  yesterday, on day 23 of my cycle. Which is a good  thing although  was really  painful-  I really suffered a lot of cramps after taking the pill. I think its better to use condoms  next time rather than  making any mistakes and regretting later on. This pill depends basically  on your period finishing date and the day you have unprotected  sex..
I was diagnosed with endometrial cancer (very early stage) at age 40. As an alternative to hysterectomy, I tried hormone therapy: 160 mg Megace every day. endometrial thickness dropped from approximately 2 cm to a few mm in 6 months. No change in appetite. Skin oil production in the face dropped, which was great as I normally have oily skin. I had small uterine fibroids before Megace, which started to grow big and fast, which was the worst side effect.
Very expensive and no help at all with maintaining blood sugar
I took Zomig because I got diagnosed with migraines during my second year of college. I took it during one of the lectures. My face got wicked itchy so I had to take a Benadryl. The next time I figured that I would just take the Benadryl with it so I was safe......I found out very quickly that I have an anaphylaxis reaction and almost stopped breathing. While I understand that I 'm just allergic to this medication it really didn 't get rid of the headache and just made things worse for me. Hopefully it will work for others.
Caused muscle aches.
I experience severe social and generalised anxiety. I was given 25mg of Atarax to take twice a day. I didn 't feel it relieved my anxiety symptoms. It made me very sleepy. When I awoke in the morning I felt very groggy, constant yawning and didn 't feel I could pay attention or properly, function at my job or get housework/errands done. I personally do not find Atarax helpful for anxiety.
I had one in a few years ago and it was great, had no side effects at all. Got it replaced at the start of last year, with this one I have nothing but problems, my partner is always telling me that my moods are all over the place, my hormones, feelings have been all over the place ever since it 's been in. Periods have also been crazy like I may bleed for a month straight then stop for a week and start again for like 2 weeks all up until the start of this month, am going to give it one more month and then I think I may get it taken out.
A word of caution.  I 've noticed how positive these reviews tend to be.  You should look-up the withdrawal effects when coming of this drug.  I 've been on and off medication for the last 20 years. When I came of efexor 15 years ago I couldn 't walk for three days.  But that was nothing compared to seroquel.  And it takes 90 days for the withdrawal effects to begin to wear off.  Seriously, before taking this drug you need to do some research.  I would STRONGLY advise you to find another drug.
I went straight to a specialist Dr., a Urologist, because I was having vaginal discomfort that I could not really explain or understand.  I am not in menopause yet, I still have my period; however, I was feeling like I had a UTI, but I didn 't have a UTI.  The Dr. asked what Rx 's I 'm taking and when I told him Prozac, then he told me that is one of the side effects of Prozac.  He warned me of the high cost, unless I went to a specific Pharmacy where it cost @ $20-$25.  I have to drive 60 miles to get it, but it saves me @ $175, so, I don 't mind the drive.  I haven 't been on it long, so, I 'm not sure how well the cream is going to work.
Got the implant in Sept. 2016 (not that long I know) but I already am scheduling to take it out. My Dr. said she wont remove until after month 3, she said the first couple months are your body adjusting to it. Cool. But I haven 't had a  'real ' period but Sept &amp; Oct I have been spotting for at least 2 1/2 weeks. First time, was OK I get it.. adjusting. This time I 'm just over it. I 'll wait another month to see if it gets better, I have a friend who said by her 4th month everything was  'normal ' but I get everyone is different. Or maybe I shouldn 't complain and just get used to spotting every day for the rest of my life :|
My doctor recommended this to me 6 years ago for weight loss, which now seems an irresponsible thing for a doctor to do.I lost weight quickly at a rate of about 3 pounds a week.By the 3rd week I was experiencing side effects like constipation and some dizziness. I decided the side effects weren 't worth it and stopped taking themI have been able to lose weight through natural means
I chose to change from Yaz to Nexplanon, because I wanted something new and easy.  I had normal cycles until I started the implant. I bled for 30  days then stop for about a week. My ovaries hurt, my breasts hurt, I have gained about 15 pounds in 2 months, constant headaches and absolutely no sex drive, even cuddling and knowing what he wants next is dreadful.  Do not get it.  I want this out.  Obviously it does its job with no babies because you bleed to often.
You are going to love this, my small tube of aciclovir ointment costs $900.  Welcome to  'Merica.  Luckily my insurance covered it or I would have lots of cold sores.  The stuff is marginally effective if you catch the cold sores at the right moment.  I am switching over to oral hoping for better results.  
I got the Nexplanon because I struggle with Endometriosis. Since my doctor didn 't want to do surgery and I 've had bad reactions on other estrogen-based hormonal bc, she suggested I try the Nexplanon implant. At first, I thought it was fine. I felt kind of odd but I thought it was fine. By the end of the year on Nexplanon, I had gained 30 pounds, was having depressive episodes, almost fainted a few times among other things. While my period pain was better (since I rarely had periods at all), the emotional symptoms were much worse. Some of this might not be Nexplanon or maybe Nexplanon made certain conditions worse. It 's impossible to say for sure but this was my experience.
So I 've previously used the depo shot which I thought was great.. no periods not too many changes in moods but to have to constantly remember to get it every few months is a drag. I tried the Mirena as well but I had constant bleeding for months and months with no end. I got it out after a year.. I was told many woman get the same effects with nexplanon as they do the depo so I tried it.  I AM MISERABLE.  I have irregular bleeding that lasts weeks sometime, I 've been feeling more depressed, sensitive, anxious and moody.  I 've been breaking out lately on my face. Does it 's job but I wouldn 't recommend..
Horrible. I was really hoping this would work out for me but I am getting it removed next week. I have had this In for just about 6 months and its been nothing but a nightmare. Since I had it put in I haven 't felt like myself, I 'm always bloated and my periods are anywhere from a week-10 days long. My breasts are always sore and I have bad cramping 3 out or 4 weeks of the month. Everyone kept saying &quot;oh it will get better&quot; um...it hasn 't ..at all. I also noticed I have started getting terrible headaches again...which makes no sense considering this is non-hormonal and this would normally happen when I took hormonal birth control. Either way I am disappointed this didn 't work out for me.
Was on Alesse for 4 months but by the middle of the 4th month the breakthrough bleeding I would experience after the first week of the pills had not stopped. I would have my period for two weeks. In the first two months I experienced weight gain and a bit of nauseous and swelling of my breasts. However after about a week the nausea was gone and in the third month the no other side effects except bleeding were felt.   I scored it so low because of all the breakthrough bleeding. No other side effects though once it was more regular to my body. I 'm 18 btw:)
The new bottle design is absolutely AWFUL.  It doesn 't last the full 30 days.  The product pools on top of the flat surface (waste).  There 's not enough product to appreciate &quot;misses&quot;.  If the purpose of this design is to increase sales due to waste, then they have succeeded.  At $1400+ for a 90 day supply, I 'm looking for alternatives if they no longer offer the single vials which contained enough product to allow for misses and were more convenient to use on-the-go.
I had this placed in my arm after an abortion, I was still bleeding from the abortion and knew this would make me bleed, but it hasn 't stopped! I 've been bleeding constantly for 4 months with a lowered sex drive (dramatically!) and also some serious mood swings.
I have bph and overactive bladder.I take avodart, vesicare and uroxotral.I have been taking these three for years and have noticed little or no difference in my urinary habits. I still go on average once an hour and recently have started to wake up in the middle of the night three times versus 1 or 2 times prior to the last few months.I am going to speak to my doctor because these meds seem to be not helping me.
I have had horrible acne since taking this birth control.  All over my body acne.  I didn 't realize it could be the birth control until I read a bunch of other reviews on it.  My boobs hurt all the time!!  No sex drive what so ever! I don 't even want my husband to touch me because my boobs hurt so bad.  Needless to say, I sympathize with some of the other reviewers on this birth control.  I will be talking to my doctor to switch to something else.  The only good part about it, is not getting my period for 3 months.
After trying Zoloft and Lexapro with no success my doctor recommended Wellbutrin. Starting with 10mg daily. I 've been taking this medication for 4 weeks now and my depression has not improved and my anxiety has worsened. The only positive review I can give is that I 've lost 5 lbs since starting. Today my Dr. advised I should try a different medication rather than increase the dosage because of my anxiety.
I did my first shot 10 days ago, side effects were the worst I 've ever experienced on a medicine....extreme nausea, headache, vomiting and the diarrhea was extreme and very bad smelling with bad smelling sulfur like burps. I thought maybe I caught a bug, but after reading others side effects I 'm sure it was the shot. My husband is totally against me taking it again and I 'm now agreeing with him. Yeah my sugars went down because I couldn 't eat for almost 9 days and nausea medicine didn 't help at all. You lose weight because you can 't eat. I was really hoping this would help because I don 't want to go on insulin. I finally took something for the diarrhea and am feeling almost normal again.
I experienced too many side effects -- constant nausea, itching, &amp; weight gain.
horrible side effects for me! Everyone 's body 's are different but mine did not like metronidazole. I have had reoccurring bacterial vaginitis for a while. This time, I was prescribed Metronidazole 500 mg every 8 hrs for 7 days and I just stopped at day 3...the side effects were HORRIBLE! My first dose was fine but after my second, I got a severe headache with sharp pains that lasted all day and night...worst head pain ever. I had severe fatigue and could barely get out of bed.. I also had palpitations, stuffy nose, and anxiety. I skipped my dose this morning and although I still feel slightly lethargic, I feel a ton better. I would definitely recommend taking a different medication. My doctor just prescribed me a new antibiotic.
Works good for some anxiety but it caused me to be tired and sleepy. I slept a lot while on this and was still depressed.
I got skyla in September of 2015 and the procedure was relatively painless just some slight cramping during the measurement of my uterus. I took a couple Advil beforehand. Since getting it I have gained 13 lbs even though I have started exercising more regularly to combat the weight gain. I have also gotten acne which I have never had before. My face is constantly breaking out and I also get it on my back and behind (all new). I have been reading some other forums and a lot of other women were experiencing the same problem but all of their doctors kept saying weight gain isn 't from it. So instead of going to my doctor I decide to pull it out myself. I just had to feel for the strings and pull like a tampon. Would not recommend skyla at all.
Worked for a little while and had seen improvements in energy and a little in sex drive. But, if you are trying to get your significant other pregnant get your semen analyzed before and during treatment. My levels were non existent on Androgel! Once we switched Docs and treatment my semen levels went back to normal. Hope this helps
I picked this up after a few days of mild itching, no smelly discharge or anything to crazy. I inserted it and within 5 minutes it began to burn and itch. It is currently 4 am and I have been awake for the the last 3 hours tossing and turning. I went to the bathroom and looked at what was going on down there and my outer labia is puffy and red. I had to pee hoping it would make it better but no luck. The stuff came out along with some discharge. I do not recommend my symptoms are worse than before!!
I 've been taking it for 2 weeks... Blood pressure is good but the insomnia is pretty bad.I 'll be seeing the doctor next week!!
Have had in since Feb 27/17 been bleeding ever since, just when you think it 's done more bleeding.... ready to take this thing out. Doctor checked said it 's in place properly and confirmed with an ultrasound. Not getting pregnant which is awesome, also having less sex due to bleeding and cramping so suppose it 's doing its job.
I just started taking this pill 12 days ago. I just got my period, which I shouldn 't get for another 12 days, with or without taking a birth control pill.  This is not &quot;spotting.&quot;  I also have been WAY oversensitive and crying about things for the past few days.  I was given this pill to manage my PMS emotions.  It 's not exactly working out.
So far XIIDRA has been very effective for my dry eyes.  HOWEVER, their is not enough medication for two eyes, only one.  Therefore I 'm forced to use two capsules.  For what we pay for this, they could at least put an antiquated amount in each capsule.
I have been using Tramadol for back pain due to spinal fusion. I found that when I am on a higher dose, I feel OK but once I am under 200 mg a day, it doesn 't work for me. Unfortunately, this medicine has to be weened from so I have to go through the lower dosages to be able to try another medicine.
Ok well I just started this less than a week ago and I can 't tell if my acne is getting better or worse my periods are definitely lighter and less cramps but I 'm breaking out on my cheeks (I 've only gotten the occasional pimple on my cheeks). I notice my chin is clearing up a little bit which is good compared to my usual 10 spots on it now I just have 2. Although not only are my cheeks breaking out but my forehead is kinda more bumpy than usual. I 'll have to wait a little more and see, I heard it gets better with time.
I took this medicine starting on a fairly low dose, then gradually adding higher doses.  I decided to take it for my generalized anxiety disorder. It had little to no effect on my anxiety despite being on it for months.  I know it works for some people, it just wasn 't for me.
I had this implant for 2 yrs now the thing I noticed about my self was that I gained a lot of weight and I would have the worst depression phases. I have acne and I 'm always tired some days. I feel so dizzy or nervous and my period has been going on for months. I also have no sex drive at all. It 's a mess hoping to get this thing taken out soon.
I started taking this 7 months ago. I take it to control my periods and to help with my skin. I was taking Estrostep which worked great but due to price switched to this. It has made my skin breakout severely. I used to get a pimple or two around period time; with this I keep getting cystic acne that takes weeks to go away. I would not recommend this if you are prone to breakouts.
This medicine made my anxiety worse. While I was very focused, I had a bad month while I was using this.
I had to use this product not for a colonoscopy but just to clean out the system before starting new meds. The drink was horrible, the bloating was unreal, and it took forever to start working. I would definitely not use this again and go another route for a bowel prep.
I took this antibiotic after trying Cipro, which was too strong for me. After finishing the 4 days I was on them for, my UTI was still present. Some days it was even worse. This antibiotic didn 't work to get rid of my infection, even though the doctor claimed my urine in the lab was responsive to it. Not to mention these pills gave me god awful headaches and insomnia. Overall it lessened the burning and stinging and smell, but didn 't clear my infection.
I have been on subutex for 4 years and my dr gave me prazosin for the nightmares. But the first night I don 't remember anything... Not even sleeping so awoke felling tired and confused... But like any drug addict trying to change I am willing to do anything.. Now the therapy is making me relive so many things I kept hidden by drugs.. And as I relive more I worry and think about things more and more it isn 't good and I am trying  so that I can live again.
Insurance would not pay for Suboxone so I was given Bunavail and it sucks in comparison.Bunavail gave me headaches and I had to take twice the amount to fell ok but still gave me a down and out feeling. It did however keep the urge of using down but made me wish I had never started taking these.
I 've been using Qvar 40 in the AM for 2 weeks. My breathing still sucks and I constantly feel congested and like I can 't get enough air. I 've had to use my albuterol inhaler multiple times a day. My doctor wants me to try using the Qvar twice a day to see if it helps. I 'll update in a couple weeks.
I have been on this pill for almost a year. I can 't tell you how effective it is at preventing pregnancy, as my boyfriend and I always use other methods of protection as well. HOWEVER, my emotions are ridiculous sometimes. They happen in waves and I feel depressed, emotional, etc. I cry over such little things now. Anyway, I have also had three yeast infections AND get my period twice a month with more pain than before.
Developed a skin rash all over my body, headache, stomach discomfort, neck stiffness, itchiness, anxiety. The majority of the symptoms pretty much.
Works temporarily.  As long as there is no bowel motion the hemorrhoids seem healed.  As soon as there is a bowel motion we are back to square one.
I swapped from Amitriptyline for chronic pain and sleep issues, to Duloxetine which I was led to believe would help me sleep too. After taking for just two days I felt horrid on this, I felt spaced out, and couldn 't sleep. Two weeks in and it has turned me into an insomniac. I also found i had bad headaches, nausea, and it brought on the worst depression I had ever experienced. I was anxious, jittery, feeling very manic. I was told the side effects would wear off, but I felt long term this was not going to help my insomnia one bit. I did find my pain lessened, but the insomnia and mental instability it brought far outweighed any benefit. Now I have been 2 days cold turkey and it has been HELL but I wanted this poison out of me!
I was taking 30 mg of Actos daily, and for the two weeks after I seriously started taking it, I had dull throbbing headaches to full blown migraines non-stop!  About 2 weeks into taking it, I developed a dull pain in my kidney area.  Thinking it was a kidney infection, I went to my Dr 's.  We found out that it was muscle soreness...one of the common side effects.  I also gained weight. As soon as I stopped taking it, the headaches stopped,and the muscle pain is going away.
The drug did help with my infection in my mouth that I had gotten from a piercing, but the side effects are awful. I was told to take 4 a day for 10 days and I 've had to expand the days because I cannot take 4 a day without wanting to pass out or throw up. I get so nauseous and am extremely tired from it. If you do take this pill make sure you eat A LOT.
I was on Remicade for five years and the Crohn 's Disease went into remission BUT it did a number on my immune system.  I got staph infection and eventually a septic hip.  Had to have hip surgery which consisted of a spacer for 6 months as well as medication through a pic line.  In hospital for three and a 1/2 months and nearly another 3 months at home before I was in condition to have a hip replacement.  I also have kidney disease which is partly due to medications I took while fighting Crohn 's disease.  Just waiting to die and get these diseases over with.   Really consider the side effects of Remicade - septic hip was not mentioned.
I 've been on Aviane for a little under a month now and I 'm 19.  This is my first birth control.  I 've never had acne and have started breaking out. The first week I had severe nausea, fatigue and cramps, the second week was fine aside from general moodiness, and then the first day of the third week I got my period and am now on day 9 of bleeding. I started birth control to shorten the absurd length of my period due to my extremely busy schedule, but this birth control has given me is a lighter but no shorter period, extreme fatigue, and a mean/cranky demeanor.
Just took my 2nd dose of Trulicity. I am OVER IT!! Aching so bad all over, feeling like I have been hit and run over by a semi. Severe aching in legs and mid-back and arms. Muscle twitching and the scary thing is after about 5 hours of taking shot...my lips swell and Can hardly feel my tongue. My lips and tongue feel swollen and numb. This is scary!! Plus sinuses are swollen, which I DO NOT NEED!! Fight sinus issues on daily basis don 't need med to make them swell. Pain in back of neck and head as well. No more of Trulicity for this person. I AM OVER IT
6 years ago I got put on Implanon and had no negative side effects. The three years were up so I switched to the pill for a couple of years and then decided to get put back on it but it changed to Nexplanon. I figured it wouldn 't be that much of a difference... I was wrong... I have been breaking out, my face is constantly oily, and I have gained weight... I have had it in since May 2015 and am getting it taken out Feb 2016... I can 't handle it. Lol
I was on Cymbalta for 5 days. It helped my anxiety, but I couldn 't handle the side effects: nausea, extreme sleepiness and yawning for the better part of the day, feeling zombie-like, chills, clenching my jaw, headache. I stopped taking it after 5 days, and the withdrawal was terrible. I felt like I 'd been hit my a truck: terrible headache and clenching of jaw. And I 'd only been on 30 mg for 5 days. Even if I could have tolerated the side effects, I would have been worried about the withdrawal.
I take it everyday with painkillers, without the painkillers it 's useless. Have been trying it for weeks now.
I rated this a 4 because it has been in my arm since December 17th, 2012, and just a few months it finally comes out. I have had nothing but trouble with this thing. My first period on it was 3 months long. 3 MONTHS LONG! I was told that my periods would be lighter, and less time, as a week was my normal. Oh no. Not anymore. When it comes its at LEAST 2 weeks. These past 2 months have been horrendous. I was on 3 weeks, with super bad cramps, off ONE WEEK and its been 2 weeks on again and the cramps are horrifying. I was told several times to let my body adjust, its normal... Its been 2 and a half years, and I 'm not dubbing this  'normal '. This thing cannot come out soon enough. It worked on the not getting pregnant part.
Omg..very first YI soIi tried the one day treatment around 11:45pm last night. Was okay until around 4am. Woke up feeling very uncomfortable. The feeling is like a tampon not in all the way and the burning is horrible. I better not feel like this for 2-3 days. I just want to cry
I used this cream for my acne and about 3 months later it cleared up my skin. However it did leave my skin Itchy, dry and very red. I stopped using the cream for about a month and use it occasionally when I get a spot, but when I go to take it off I have a red mask on! It 's worse than having spots to be fair. I have red patches everywhere and it takes a while to go. Does anyone know how to get rid of the red itchy skin?
Never have been on birth control and started this pill a week ago. Doctor told me to start right away so I took the first row and started on a Thursday. I was also on my last day of my period. 6 days later I started spotting and I 've been somewhat on my period since then. Also. my mood swings are like a rollercoaster. Is this normal for birth control because my body is adjusting?
The doctor prescribe this for my anxiety not realizing what I was taking after taking for a year I decided to look up the clonazepam and found out what I was really taken and how hard it is to get off of it has been pure hell  how  can something be so good but so bad I tell everyone stay clear of this medication and go alternative because the withdrawals are evil it has been a total nightmare trying to get off of this pill and I am on a low dose .05  this pill was supposed to help my life not ruin it.  The headaches are unbearable the nauseous is miserable and the dizziness is in sane  everyone please stay clear of this medicine  because when you try to get off of it is pure hell nightmare
It was alright and helped a bit however being on one of the highest doses, missing a dosage was abysmal, one of the worst experiences ever. Try to find something else.
First month on this I had awful cramps, following I was very moody and I 'm normally very positive. Constantly fatigued and stressed. Gained a lot of weight on my stomach and hips, which pissed me off a lot more since I 'm working out regularly and eating how I normally do, pretty healthily. Breasts grew bigger. Constantly feel bloated and stomach Area feels sensitive, but at the same time always hungry. I 've decided to stop taking it, and am going to search for another option. Simply not worth all the trouble.
I didn 't have the severe side effects that some people had with this medication, but I did have so many more papules than usual.  It didn 't burn when I applied it and it did reduce redness.  I stuck with it for just over a week and then I couldn 't stand how bumpy my face was so I stopped.
Solodyn helped get rid of my cystic acne, but I had very bad side effects. It caused me to be itchy all over to the point were I had welts from scratching so much. And most of the time I was itchy in very uncomfortable areas. It was itchy on my scalp, my back, hands, feet, and stomach. Every place on my body itched. After stopping it for three days I did not have an itch at all.
I went on this pill because my other pills made my breasts to tender. The pill was great when I started in March but then in July and August I have had bleeding for more then a week. At the beginning I never had any bleeding and it took away my period fully, now I bleed heavy for more then a week.
I had such high hopes for this medication for my severe depression and anxiety. I was committed to try it for a full 4 weeks. I started on 10 mg and then went up to 15 mg. I never managed to get to the 20 mg due to overwhelming nausea, belching, excessive salivating, unbearable constipation and then the vomiting started. I didn 't gain weight but that is because I couldn 't eat. It did help with the depression but not the anxiety. Definitely not for me!
I 'm at the end of my second dose of Femring after having both ovaries removed at 35.  When I first went on Femring .1 mg daily it was great. I had a couple day days after initial insertion that I felt edgy emotionally - but after day 4 that leveled off. Felt much better than oral estradiol. However, around day 60 my estrogen levels started to dive and by day 80 I was back into full surgical meno. When I inserted the second ring....same as before. An initial surge of estrodiol but this time the ring started to tank around day 35. I 'm on day 85 of the second ring and my meno symptoms are unbearable. For me, this is not a 90 day med. Too bad -  for 1-2 months it 's perfect. My insurance won 't allow me to refill until day 90 - and $$$.
Experienced allergy symptoms from this (itchy eyes, sinus pain/running nose, etc.).  Also had what the doctor called an allergic reaction to the shot on my leg.  Started swelling up, and got bigger than the palm of my hand. Red, horrible looking, and it hurt to touch.
I started taking 50mg of Toprol after being admitted to the hospital 6 days ago. I was told I had Mitral Valve Proplase and that I needed to take 50mg daily. It has helped in slowing my rapid heart beat down but the side effects have almost been unbearable. I have hardly slept, after taking the medicine I get short of breath and feel like I 'm having an anxiety attack, and I take the medicine at bedtime. In the mornings when I wake for the first two to three hours I feel shaky, sweaty, nauseous, and extremely dizzy. My regular MD took me down to 25mg once daily and I still can 't sleep and feel anxious. This is the first day taking 25mg so we 'll see how I feel in the morning.
After using Viagra 50mg successfully for 8 years I gave the everyday 10mg Cialis a try.  During the free 30 day trial it was great.  But since then (I 'm paying for it now) the results have been eratic. It 's good for a week or two, and then nothing!  Very frustrating (and expensive) to have to take Viagra as well.  I 'm going back to Viagra even though it is less convenient.
I am so so fed up. I 've been having symptoms now for a week, I took one pill last Saturday (it 's now Friday) and by Weds there was minor improvement so I took another one (at great expense) on Weds. I 'm still itching like mad. I can 't use the cream as I am allergic to it.  I have had this problem before.  I can 't get to the docs as I work many miles away from my surgery. I used the pessaries last time and that didn 't work either.  Breaking my bank ... Can it really take a week to work?
I started Jolessa in October 2013 right when my period started at the beginning of the month. Right away I was sick to my stomach several days &amp; My periods normally last the full 7 days, but on this pill it never stopped. It went to a light period and gradually throughout the 3 months got heavier until I started the white pills-the period week, at the end of December. Once I started the new pack January 1st. The bleeding finally stopped until Febuary 1st, started the second month of pills and right away started bleeding again. It is now Febuary 12 &amp; I went to the doctor yesterday she put me on a different birth control Low-Ogestrel 28 and we 're hoping this stops my bleeding and works better for me.
I have had the Mirena for over four years now its due to come out August 2013 and I have had a lot of downs than I do up 's from it. I have had longer periods actually, they have lasted up to 14 days I have experience some bloating not much though and my sex drive is low. The most irritating thing would be my pelvic pains I have on and off from it. The one good thing I can say about it is very simply procedure and once in you don 't have to worry about taking a pill every day.
I am on the 50MG and The first night of taking trazadone was great slept straight 8hours. The next day didn 't work at all. Was up all night. I believe that it hasn 't worked as great as the first time. I took one tab(50mg) and can 't sleep.(tonight 2a) Should I go one more tab 100mg? Afraid it could do me harm? I am getting more sleep than before but still not enough. I am 5ft 2in around 150 pounds 
I was prescribed a 5 day Z-Pak to treat a Streptococcal pharyngitis infection.  After the second day, the medication reduced the swelling and throat pain, but began to cause stomach cramping and pain.  By the end of the third day the stomach pain was severe and Doctor recommended to discontinue use.  This is the only antibiotic I have used that has caused an allergic reaction.
I 've been losing my hair like crazy, I got implant in June 2016, so very dissatisfied with this. Very moody, excessive sweating. No acne or weight gain.
I was on the depo provera shot for 2 years. Absolutely hated it. The two years that I was on it. I had rapid weight gain and gained 30lbs in two years. My mood swings were awful and became much more depressed. Also caused my anxiety to become worse. Wouldn 't recommend this birth control to anybody.
I just tried this medicine because I had continuously heard it worked. I will say I felt alot of energy for the first couple of hours after taking it and I did lose 5 pds the first two days..which was GREAT! but... I experienced terrible side effects..other than the normal dry mouth, some jitters and restlessness... I experienced severe mood swings, irritability and I became angry out of no where. I know side effects are different for everyone.. This was my personal experience.. I Think the medicine could 've really helped me with losing weight, but I 'm not willing to have the side effects. Good luck to everyone!!
I took the 200 mg strength and was given 16 tablets. On the morning in which I took the very last dose I came out in the most horrendous rash I have EVER experienced and have told I must NEVER take that drug again.  The rash - over a period of about 3 hours - spread over my entire body, including my face.  I was hot and itchy beyond belief.  My doctor was absolutely shocked as she said that any reaction usually appears after taking just a few tablets. I 'm in U.K. so some questions are not relevant to me.
It works well as a birth control however I have been on different forms of ortho tri cycle for 10 years and the insurance company just recently switched me to this after I had my daughter. I have NEVER had any side effects from any other pill but these make me nauseous and lightheaded about a half hour after I take them and it lasts all day. I 've tried taking them with food, water, at night. Nothing helps. Privifem and spritec were SOOO much better.
I am about halfway through my 2nd pack of Lo Loestrin Fe.  The first month, I had minor spotting on one day, no big deal. I also noticed that I had a couple of pimples but since there were only a couple, I figured it could have been my normal hormonal changes during the month.  However, halfway through this second month and my chin/mouth area has never had such acne!  I had occasional acne, like many people, but 90% of the time my skin was clear before.   Now I feel like I wake up everyday with a new batch of red spots.  I want to stop this pill now (midpack), but don 't want to give myself menstrual issues at the same time so I 'm trying to stick it out until the end of the pack.
I 've been on Beyaz for almost a year, Since them I 've gone through times of weight gain and loss which could just be my body 's normal function. Recently I have noticed aversions to certain foods, nausea, severe migraines, and lack of sleep. I haven 't noticed a change in sex drive. My skin in flawless, but recently I 've had severe migraines. 
I 've been taking these pills for 3 weeks &amp; then I stopped for 7 days &amp; then last night I took one &amp; I was up all night throwing up, is this normal after I 've been taking it for three weeks?
WELL 50 pounds gained later next week I finally get my mirena iud removed. Had it in almost a year and did enjoy the care freeness of it and lack of period but gained uncontrollable weight and made me feel so insecure this past year. I know everyone reacts differently to iud 's and I was warned by my doctor and the nurse putting it in that weight gain is common but silly me thinking it wouldn 't effect me. I would never recommend the mirena to a friend unless they were very active gym members or could use a few extra pounds on their body haha
Loved this medicine, helped me a lot. Problem is I got glaucoma.
I got my Implanon inserted in May of 2010. I also thought it would be the better choice for me because I wouldn 't have to worry about taking a pill everyday. The doctor tells you that it will take your body the first 6 months to get used to the Implanon and &quot;figure out what it wants to do with your body&quot;. 9 months later, I am among the percentage that has the negative side effects. I haven 't stopped bleeding since May. I will be off of it for 1 or 2 days, but then it starts again. The blood flow is regular. I also noticed that I began to get headaches, back pain, abnormally irritable, feet swelling, and constant acne breakouts. In the end, abstinence had become my form of birth control. So I got it taken out and I 'm on the pill.
As soon as I started taking Portia everyone around me started noticing a huge change in my attitude. In the tiniest minor fights my boyfriend and I would get into after 2 months of taking Portia and we had been together fight free for 5 months, I would start crying out of nowhere. I have been on Portia for 7 months now and I 'm depressed all day, I just think of negative things all the time, if something goes wrong whether or not it has something to do with me I immediately start thinking its my fault. As far as acne and weight gain I haven 't noticed much of a difference.
Years ago I had been on the patch form of birth control and had enjoyed the way it shortened my periods and cleared my acne, so after a few years of being on no hormones and dealing with long periods with cramps and some acne again I decided to try Nuvaring. My doctor gave me a trial ring and I was on it for one month, in which I was spotting or bleeding the entire month!!! I saw another review that said this may mean the dosage is too low. But while being on it I remembered the other reasons I had decided to get off of hormones a few years back. Those being; loss of sex drive, emotional roller coaster, weight gain, breast tenderness, no energy, and (ethical reason) it 's horrible for the environment. I think I 'll go back to no hormones
This med worked for me years ago but this time after taking it for 2 days I 'm worse (50 mg). Bad headache, stomach upset, and anxiety. My pharmacy switched generics &amp; that also could be part of the problem. I am a mental wreck &amp; a shell of my former self. I really just want to stay in bed all day. I don 't have a psych just a GP. I also have horrible OCD &amp; every decision I make I feel is wrong. I have refills left on my Celexa &amp; that worked a little better but didn 't do the trick. I asked my GP for Wellbutrin at my last visit &amp; for some reason she didn 't want to give it to me.
I had 1 stent placed March 2017. put on Brilinta 90 mg twice a day with baby aspirin in the morning. Shortness of breath started a week and 1/2 into cardio rehab. Was told as long as I could handle the shortness of breath it was more important to continue taking the drug. I called cardiologist about an inhaler. This time I am told that is for my primary to deal with. I am tired always, nap almost daily and now am anaemic. The anaemia adds to the shortness of breath and fatigue. I have also developed PICA. All I want to eat are dry rolled oats. I assume for the starch because it sure isn 't for the taste. I can 't wait for my one year to be over. The upper and lower GI I now have coming up are not what I planned on.
I 've been taking this for a few months now. No bad side effects just a lot of bleeding. I 'll have my period for a week then boom another one a week and a half later and this one is way heavier and crappier. I 've basically bled for almost a month. It 's ruining my sex life.
I 've been on this medication for about 3 months. I titrated up slowly and really found no difference in my symptoms. Not sure if things would be worse without it. My depression has definitely gotten worse and I 'm not sure if it 's a direct medication side effect or I 'm just totally depressed that nothing I try takes my pain away. I think it 's causing my morning anxiety. My doctor just prescribed Neurontin in addition to Savella. I 'm glad it 's helped so many other people, though.
I was put on effexor for severe depression at 75mg.  This got raised every time it stopped working until I reached 225mg.  I was on it for about 3 years.  To be fair it worked really well the first 2 years.  BUT, after the second year I went flat, felt No emotion at all, didn 't care about anyone or anything.  It was worse than the depression that I was originally treated for!  Then came the time to get off of it.  This was like hell!  I have had to detox from opiates in the past and that was a piece of cake compared to this.  It took me over a year to get off of it and ended up taking tiny beads until I was well enough to stop.     If you can avoid this medicine do it!!
I have been on Portia for a couple months now, and I noticed I 've been super depressed and overly tired, I went to a good 7/8 hours of sleep and now sleep for 10/11 a night and still feel the need to nap in the evenings. I also suddenly became uninterested in studying and lazy, I 've also been vomiting out of nowhere and not sure if it 's because of the pill. I 've taken a few pregnancy tests and they are negative, plus my boyfriend is always away in camp so it 's already a low risk of me getting pregnant anyways.
I have used this cream.  It casuse scars on my face after using it for two weeks. Don 't use it.  It 's not effective
I started taking Yaz in 2007 due to extremely long periods. I was not sexually active when I first started taking Yaz. After about a year, I was switched to Ocella, but it was still basically the same thing. I Ocella for just under 5 years. I stopped taking it one month ago. I had ZERO sex drive, very poor natural lubrication, and cramps that had me doubled over every few months. I never really got pimples, so that 's a plus. But I still had longer periods than I would have liked. 
I took Actonel for 7 months. I 'm 55 yrs young and active! One day each month after taking Actonel I had flu-like symptoms for 4 months and then it got better, however I experienced esophagus burning.
I have a heavy flow to say the least. I get horrible PMS as well and cramping that I believe is just not normal. It almost makes me pass out at times, the pill told me to start it on the Sunday of my period  and I did. I 'm bleeding so heavy and the cramps are worse.
Used for a music tour. Used for a day with mild success, but then the side effects were so bad it didn 't matter that I wasn 't getting sick from motion sickness-now I was getting sick from the patch itself. Dizzy, dry mouth, blurred/double vision. I fainted during a concert because the nausea and blurred vision made me super wobbly. I 'm sure part of it was my body just reacting to the medicine in a negative way, and I know other people who used it to greater success.
This is my night #1 of 3 with the vaginal suppositories. I will say that I am having FAR more discomfort now than I was before I inserted the medicine. I can only pray the next 2 doses are far less irritating, burning and itching than tonight. I would much rather try a different methods than this. There will be no sleeping through this misery.
Im 18 and don 't like this pill the first week of side effects was horrible I couldn 't even get up. I 've been taking it for 3 months and only got my period 1 time ... I don 't like that because it scares me. I gained like 15 pounds and been so depressed. I will be switching soon
I am on week 3 now just took two pills at once. I have lost No weight. My thyroid sucks and my Dr. thought this might work. Have felt the stuffed sick feeling but only felt a little dizzy on the first day. Was on adipex for a couple years. This dropped my weight more quickly but after the first year just gave me the energy to work fast pace job and go to school. So far not very impressed with this drug. Will continue for the first month or two.
I 'm on my second month on this medication and it is absolutely terrible, I 'm so hormonal and I feel depressed most of the time. My breasts are so tender it hurts to wear a bra or do anything. I would not recommend.
I take 900 mg a day for neuropathy in my feet it was Effective at first but in time did not relieve my Pain. I have chronic Pain in my Feet Hands &amp; Back.
This drug is better than nothing.  I wonder why it is used for severe pain.  It doesn 't help stabbing nerve pain.  It helps back pain (herniated disks, arthritis, degenerative disk disease) a little.  Not much help for neck pain either. I need Lyrica for neuropathy and the two give some relief for fibromyalgia and arthritis (along with glucosamine).  My pain level remains disabling.
I understand the good outweigh the bad however, the past few days have been hell. I had honestly one the worst urinary tract infections I have ever had. I need the relief so I am going to continue with the meds. Within 24 hours of taking it, I had horrible diarrhea. I am pale, I keep drinking water. 
It was awesome while it lasted but it eventually caused pressure in my spinal fluid and gave me very severe headaches. I had to go off of Humira. I developed severe Crohn 's symptoms and had to have a permanent ostomy. I will soon get a proctectomy also.
As soon as I started taking Portia everyone around me started noticing a huge change in my attitude. In the tiniest minor fights my boyfriend and I would get into after 2 months of taking Portia and we had been together fight free for 5 months, I would start crying out of nowhere. I have been on Portia for 7 months now and I 'm depressed all day, I just think of negative things all the time, if something goes wrong whether or not it has something to do with me I immediately start thinking its my fault. As far as acne and weight gain I haven 't noticed much of a difference.
This patch worked amazing at first. Then after a few months I would get bad headaches, double vision, dizziness and even disgusting skin rashes at the patch site once summer rolled around. It does prevent pregnancy but I don 't see myself sticking to this. The cons outweigh the pros.
Was only on 2mg of Risperdal for two months. While it did handle my moods and anger outbursts almost completely, it did nothing to help with insomnia, which should have been my clue that it was too activating for me. A month after starting this med I started having heart palpitations (I 've never had a heart problem) that continued to get worse until I had been to the ER twice, family Dr once, with an appt scheduled with a cardiologist, legitimately thinking something major was wrong. Two dr 's suggested that Risperdal could be causing it, so I began tapering. Two weeks later I am completely off the Risperdal, back on Zyprexa and my heart is fine now. Very scary for me.
I am currently taking 15 mg three x per day (total of 45mg). The first month was the worst. The main side effect that I had was body aches and muscle stiffness that never lessened. Once a month passed the body aches went away and I noticed a faint constant headache. After about a week that went away too. The only side effect I notice now (after 2 months on Nardil) is a pounding headache lasting 10 seconds and light headedness when I get up to stand from laying down and swelling. It give it 4/10 because it has made my suicidal thoughts disappear and I am less teary and emotional. Has not helped my overall mood or general sense of wellbeing. I find the dietary restrictions hard to follow.
During the first week of taking Chantix, I smoked.  I did not notice any decrease in my desire to smoke but noticed a significant increase in my tiredness.  The beginning of the second week of Chantix, I quit smoking all together.  The tiredness was still there and after taking the pill I would have nausea for a short time.  It didn 't matter if I had just eaten or not.  I also became moody, depressed, short-tempered and just generally felt down.  I stopped taking the pill today, which has been 2 1/2 weeks on the pill.  I 'm hoping for no worsening of my mood and energy level.
So the patch falls off. It is horrible I tried everything; clean, dry, room temp skin, with no lotion, and pressing firmly for an extended period of time. It shifts within a few days of applying then starts to come off, it rarely lasts a week. I even put it in a spot that the skin doesn 't stretch and move as much, it didnt help at all. I am &quot;active&quot;; doing stuff inside our home, yard work, chasing kids, tons of bending and squatting and the patch comes off when it is on my back no where close to my hips or waist
I 've been taking mononessa for 10 months and I need help. My periods been crazy I start then stop in two days. Then in 3 weeks I start again ugh. Am I the only one out there that it happens to?
was having severe leg pain with 2nd shot but dr gave me 3rd shot without listening to my concerns.  3rd shot  disabled my walking for 3 months, lost energy to where I had to rest after taking a shower, unable to walk without cane or assistance for 3 months, could not put sock on my foot as bending at all caused unbearable pain in groin.  difficulty sleeping with pain without sleep aid.  would never want to experience that again.  But, after 6 months, I am able to walk 2 miles daily without knee hurting at all.  Primary doc said I had an allergic reaction to the medication.
I am currently on my 3rd month and every Month I have had 2 horrible periods.  I have never experienced  such heavy painful.periods while on birth control.pills. I take my pills at the same time every night so that is not the problem.  I have also been having some  emotional  issues  which may or may not be related.I will be talking g to my Dr about switching
I am 25 years old. Not on birth control 2 years prior to taking this med. I just finished my 3rd month and everyday I have migraine, headaches and become dizzy for most of the day. I am switching.On the other hand I used to feel nauseous around my ovulation, this med fixed that. No weight gain. Acne diminished. But the migraines get in the way of school and work.
Getting Mirena put in was such a concentrated and intense uterine pain that I almost passed out right there on the gynecologist table. Mirena was fine at first, but VERY shortly after I had it inserted, I started experiencing a thick, off-colored discharge, and an odor that would knock out Mike Tyson. I had it in for three months before I had it removed. The discharge and odor didn 't go away for months. When I finally visited my gynecologist who told me I had gotten Bacterial Vaginosis. It was easy to treat. 
This was very bad for me.  It just stopped my thoughts and feelings.  I also had a lot of side effects from this tablets, like shaking hands and I had no feelings.  I went through my day doing my daily routine but had no thoughts and felt like a zombie.  This tablet made me worse than before I took it.
I have been on bc since I was 17. I first had  nuvaring for 4 years and then I heard about seasonique and was excited about having only 4 periods a year the first month (January 2015) was perfect no spotting no weight gain no period. half way into February I started spotting and thought ok this may be normal after two days the spotting stopped... it returned four days later and I continued to spot up until the end of March when it was time for my period! I started a new pack and everything went smoothly no spotting until the week before my scheduled period. started a new pack in july and everything was ok. I started spotting really heavy on July 31st and my period isn 't supposed to come until the END of September..should have stayed on nuvaring
Little effect even at 20 units 2x a day.
This medication was extremely effective at stabilizing my moods.  The problems that I had made it so that I could not continue on it and therefore needed to rate it so low (because of the severe side effects).  First off, I literally  saw double for several hours after taking it.  Do you remember the Wrigley 's double mint gum commercials?  Well literally that 's what I experienced.  It DID go away after several hours afterward but was really weird and gave me a headache when it happened every morning.  My skin, especially my lips, would get numb and tingly.  The biggest problem though was that it gave me constipation so bad that nothing I ate or took could alleviate it.  The ONLY way I could EVER go is if I took a heavy (not mild) laxative.
I 'm taking Spronyx now after switching from Lo Loestrin Fe and It 's only been 2 weeks and I 'm already noticing major side effects. Vaginal dryness, itchiness, burning... Pain while urinating and just overall discomfort. I hate it I 'm going to make an appointment soon.
I started Victoza about a month ago. Started with 0.6 for a week than increase to 1.2. I felt nauseous the first week but just off and on and mild. Each day over the last couple of weeks I have become more and more ill. My numbers not only did not stay lower as they did when I first started but they have actually increased. I have a headache non stop and haven 't lost a pound despite not eating much due to being so sick. I stopped taking it a couple nights ago due to not being able to even sleep. I was waking in the middle of the night feeling like I was going to vomit. I still feel nauseous but it 's getting better.
I took Abilify for a month and it was not for me. It first made me happy, but it made me too happy! I became manic again and couldn 't settle myself down. I would be up at 2 am working out or cleaning. Also, the side effects were awful! My hands never stopped shaking and people began to think I had a drinking problem due to the way they were shaking. It also made me gain 5 lbs within a week. Not a fan.
Excessive weight gain, but the major issue is it also thins your blood, a real concern for anyone having surgery. Talk to your MD about this problem if you are concerned.
I absolutely hate it! I 've had it for less than a week and my acne is AWFUL! My face is greasy and my hair is falling out. Also, by mood swings are terrible. DO NOT waste your time and money.
I have had Kyleena for just under a year. Insertion was awful. I had it put in the beginning of December, and had cramps so debilitating on Christmas that I basically missed it. I still have severe cramps very often that are not aligned with my period. They are completely random. I sometimes get severe cramping after inserting a tampon or after sex. I was hoping I would have lighter and shorter periods. They are lighter, but I have to wear a pad or a tampon 3 out of 4 weeks a month. It&rsquo;s insane. The worst part is the cramping, though. It&rsquo;s very painful.
I used Xiidra for about 5 weeks. Half the time I only used it once a day.  I experienced the blurry vision which for me lasts about 20 minutes.  I also had the bad taste - bitter is more like it.  That lasts about 10 minutes.I hoped it would help but I have not experienced any change in my dry eyes.So, if you are the are helping you in a dramatic way, then you are one of the lucky ones.  It seems to be hit or miss depending on who knows what.
I 'm 30 years old and have been on the birth control pill since I was 14 years old due to endometriosis. I 've had slight side effects from different pills I have taken but this one by far is the worst. I 'm on a higher dose of my antidepressant to counter act the mood swings but it sure isn 't helping the weight gain or acne. Also, I 've had two full blown periods since starting this pill 2 months ago. For me, the weight gain and acne isn 't worth it. For my husband, he was looking forward to &quot;no periods&quot; but that ain 't happening! Don 't take this pill.
Mood was boosted for awhile when I first started taking it, but then levelled off to the point of ineffectiveness. Did work very well for my fibromyalgia pain, but not worth the extremely high price.
I have a major complaint about the changing of the OC 's to the OP 's. I have been taking the 80mg OC 's for the last 2 years for my Neuropathy from my diabetes and it seems to have been the only thing that works for the pains that I have. Now after the change of them to the OP 's I have been taking them now for today being the third day and they don 't do much for my pain. On top of that they make my whole body itch very bad and today discovering that I 'm now passing blood in my urine. Have never done that in my life of 48 years. So what do I to do now? I understand why the changes were made with the formulation, but what about the people who use it the right way and who really need it? We are the one 's who are suffering because of people who abuse it.
It makes me have tremendous heart burn and trouble breathing too. I didn 't think it was the pill at first, but when I forget to take it I 'm ok no problems at all. It 's definitely this pill that 's not good for me. It taste and smells good and it 's a small blue oval very convenient size for a pill but it just doesn 't do what I feel it should be doing. I also get migraines and I am not your typical migrainer.
This is my fourth month on this medication and my 7th period. I was originally asking about birth control methods that would keep me from having my period every month and was told by my doctor that I could continue onto a second pack, skipping the week of fake pills and that should prevent my period. After that didn 't work the first time I decided to just take it normally, but that 's when my period started happening every other week. I have been abnormally emotional, but until I read the other reviews on this site I never thought to blame this medication. I 'm normally a very subdued person who deals with my problems internally, these last few months I 've been incredibly emotional and sensitive, crying a lot. I have had some extra acne too.
I started taking this medication last week, I started suffering from depression when my marraige began to fall apart! I was trying for years to be there for my husband as he returned from a deployment suffering from serve ptsd! Right now I can say my opinion on this medication differs. One day I 'm fine and can get through my day calm, other days I have serve anxiety and I 'm freaking out or I 'm so tired with headaches that I just want to be alone and sleep all day! A big concern,even through I shouldn 't be complaining about is losing weight in a week I have already dropped 5 pounds! I feel as if I should give this more time to balance me out! I 'm only on 150mg once a day
I started taking Orsythia about a month ago. Since then, I&rsquo;ve been depressed and I have no clue why; I have also had more anxiety in the past month than I have had in the past 3. I read that others have had some anxiety and depression problems while on Orsythia. However, I am not as overly-emotional as I was on the birth control that I was taking before this one. I&rsquo;d honestly be overly emotional 24/7 than depressed often. I don&rsquo;t have very noticeable cramps but Tylenol helps take them away. I also have gained a couple pounds while on  Orsythia. I would not recommend this to someone that has a history of anxiety/depression because it will drain you. Many others have also had this problem while on Orsythia
I have been on Tamoxifen for four months now &amp; have been told I will be taking it for the standard 5yrs. I have had hot flashes, no period (that stopped after my second Chemo in April 2013), sex drive has disappeared (also from Chemo &amp; Tamoxifen combined) and I have had pelvic pain (tend to be more apparent when I lay on my back), joint pain(in my elbow and where legs join pelvic) and lower back pain. I am hoping that some of these side effects will soon subside.  Wow, it is amazing all the different side effects that Tamoxifen causes for people. Reading a lot of these comments has made me now realize that all the pains &amp; aches I have been having, truly are side effects from the Tamoxifen. It 's nice to know I 'm not alone! 
I have only been on Junel 1/20 for almost a month, but I 'm already starting to notice differences with my body that I 'm not too happy with. Firstly, I started developing cystic acne on my chin, which never happened before. It 's really painful and hard to cover up with makeup. Secondly, my period is irregular. On my second week of the pill, I started feeling crampy and then a day or two later, I got my period. I am going to give it three months, and if nothing changes or if my symptoms worsen, I 'm asking my doctor for something else. Any recommendations?
I&rsquo;ve been on this pill for about 2 months, I wanted to try a low hormonal pill to hope for no or less weight gain. Camila by far is the worst birth control I have been on. My period is light but the duration is about 9-11 days SMH! I rather bleed heavy for 3-4! The cramps are deadly. I&rsquo;ve always had bad cramps but this is different now. Oh, if you miss a pill by a few hours.. you start to cramp &amp; bleed. I haven&rsquo;t experienced any major breakouts. My mood is pretty normal, except for when I&rsquo;m cramping &amp; bloating. NOW the weight gain is no joke. I&rsquo;m sure it&rsquo;s all water weight &amp; bloat.. but who wants that? I&rsquo;ve gained 6lbs in one month! My appetite has definitely increased for the worst. I&rsquo;m a normal healthy eater but all I want to do is snack.
Today I took Excedrin migraine for the first time, it worked very well for the pain, it took it away completely but now I am in bed feeling with stomach pain, nausea and heartburn. I feel miserable, I 've never had medication bother my stomach before. I don 't have a sensitive stomach at all. It 's amazing for killing the migraine but the stomach pain is not worth it. I normally take 800 mg of ibuprofen and a strong cup of coffee when I get a migraine and it works great for me but this time a friend asked me to try this so I did and it hasn 't worked.  
Night sweats. Many trips to bathroom during the night, urinating.
First 2 days were euphoric and nothing could upset me. Then got more irritable and anxious. Stomach in knots. Then came depression &amp; thoughts of suicide along with anxiety. Yawning all the time. This is day 7 and I left a message with my doctor this morning letting her know I couldn 't feel like this for another week in hopes that it would possibly even out.
My low mark is all based on the taste.  Yes, it cleared me completely in the first 2hrs of first dose.  This hell in a cup tasted like what blood smells like.  I wouldn 't wish this stuff on my worst enemy.  I don 't know how I 'll get up at 6am &amp; drink it again...gagging at the thought.
I suffer from migraines, and although this drug significantly reduced my acid, it seemed to trigger my migraines for four consecutive days. I am disappointed that I had to get off it, am trying Prilosec now.
Was on this for a few months, it 's newer to the market. It didn 't work at all for me. Prozac is the only successful antidepressant I 've taken.
Got this for chlamydia- This treatment 's effective but side effects have me crying and shaking uncontrollably.  I got excruciating stomach cramps (felt like I was giving birth) about 3 hours later and then nausea/diarrhea. The fever just kicked in after 6 hours. Worth the quick treatment but not an easy recovery.
Had taken this for 60 days, now I am experiencing severe head/forehead pain. I can 't take the pain anymore. When I realised that this is causing head pain, I had stop taking. Now its ok. Also this tabs will decrease your sex drive. If you are married and still young, please think twice before taking this. My BP is fine and heart rate is normal now.
I 'm not sure about this birth control quite yet. I was on trinessa back in November or so and it worked fantastic for me, cleared up my acne, no nausea or any other side affects. Then I got really sick and had to  stop taking the pill for a month or two, and when I tried to get back on it I had continuous discharge for over 5 months so I decided to switch to the shot but didn 't like it, so here I am. When I started  I felt nauseous all the time, my boobs hurt, stomach pains and cramps, and worst of all my acne. I never used to get cystic acne, but now I get it all over my mouth, chin, forehead, and under my nose, I hate it I keep reading reviews, and it 's freaking me out. I 'm not sure if I should continue taking this or not for 2 or 3 month
Took for 5 months.  First 4 months great.  Then got intermittent tingling and numbess in arms.  Over next month tingling went to constant throbbing.  Pain shooting down right arm.  Stopped pill.  It has been 7 days and left arm back to normal.  Right arm slight numbness and some discomfort but getting much better.  Be aware of symptoms!
My menstrual cycle also returned after just one month on Parlodel, however the side effects of migraines, dizziness, shifts between drowsiness and over-alertness were problematic.  When my vision became distorted, unfortunately, I had to stop the medication. 
The medication did work at first to stop binges. At 30mg, the starting dosage, it did not do anything. A week later at 50mg, I had very little of an appetite for three days. After five days at 50mg. I was binge free, but the binges started on the sixth day and continued until my doctor increase to 70mg. I was binge free about five to six days at 70mg., but then they started again and have continued. So, it is not working for me to stop the binges. However, I do feel overall more energetic and alert. It fails to address my main concern, the binges.
I thought this would be a great option. Well I was definitely wrong. I was on the patch when my parents found out I was on birth control, subsequently they took the rest away. I went to my school clinic and received the shot the same day for free. I did not have to worry about prescriptions or about hiding my patches anymore which was great and all. Until the first week in I felt fine then something just dramatically changed with me. I had no sex drive, pain during intercourse, 10 pounds of weight gain for the first two months and 5 for the third month, and spotting daily. I also had terrible mood swings and migraines. I felt depressed from the weight gain, I wasn 't me anymore.
Had an allergic reation about three weeks into treatment.  Broke out in hives.  Was taking it for Systemic Lupus.
During the first week of taking Chantix, I smoked.  I did not notice any decrease in my desire to smoke but noticed a significant increase in my tiredness.  The beginning of the second week of Chantix, I quit smoking all together.  The tiredness was still there and after taking the pill I would have nausea for a short time.  It didn 't matter if I had just eaten or not.  I also became moody, depressed, short-tempered and just generally felt down.  I stopped taking the pill today, which has been 2 1/2 weeks on the pill.  I 'm hoping for no worsening of my mood and energy level.
Never had it, but need it.
I started taking this birth control a little over two years ago based on the fact that I was moving in with my boyfriend and figured it was the smart thing to do. Now after a recent break up I 'm starting to question if it 's really worth it. I 've always had irregular, lengthy, very painful periods and this pill drastically shortened my periods and regulated them my cramps have gotten worse if anything. My skin is clear but I had taken accutane at 17 so I should probably be thanking that hell of a pill for that. Those are probably my only pros. Cons include: weight gain, constant bloating, hair loss, migraines, breast sagging, zero sex drive, no energy, down mood. I think writing this answered my question, I 'm stopping at the end of the month
I had the Nexplanon in for about 8 months and I wish I had never gotten it. I did avoid pregnancy, but the negative side affect of hair loss was too much. It never fell out in clumps, just excessive shedding. At first I didn 't put the pieces together, but now, 7 months later, I wish I had taken action sooner. I have lost about half of my hair (that hurts to even type) but its true. www.bedsider.com even lists hair loss as one of the side effects, but I didn 't know that until today, the day I got it removed. This product might not effect every one in the same way, but I am so, so upset with Nexplanon and myself for not being more proactive. Do tons of research before getting this implant. You will thank yourself.
I was having nausea due to some of the meds I take for RA.  My doctor prescribe promethazine.  It really hasn 't worked for me.  It may decrease the nausea a little but I still feel ill.
Was mildly effective for post-nasal drip. But will not take it again. CAUSES WEIGHT-GAIN!!!
I started on 100 mg and on day 2 was running to bath room with sudden urgency.  After 2 weeks I started experiencing pain in both armpits and upper arms, along with yeast infection.  Stopped and waited a week an retried taking. Same symptoms only worse. Not worth it to me.
I 've been on this for 1 yr and helps with my a-fib but now I am having pain in joints [shoulder]  and also  feel bloated, but all in all  works well
Had too many side effects!
I take 200mg od and after the 2nd dose i started feeling chest congestion, dry cough, pain in the diaphragm, loss of appetite and nausea
Prescribed paxil for depression, anxiety and OCD of contamination. I took 10mg of paxil for 1.5 months. I experienced no side effects, which was the only upside. I experienced PPDA only 1 month after my first and only son was born. As a 1st time mom I thought everything I was experiencing was typical, until I began having suicidal thoughts and resorted to self harm, all taking a toll on my relationship w/ my son and husband. Waited for 10 months to finally get help. While taking paxil at first I felt better and more connected to my baby until two weeks later I noticed I felt EXTREMELY unmotivated, lazy, zombieish and uncaring. I went from one extreme with OCD to never cleaning anything ever. So I felt just as depressed as before.
I was prescribed this on a Friday  for a sinus and middle ear infection by that next Sunday I was feeling a little better, started feeling worse Monday night, went to school on Tuesday had to go home early because of a low fever. The whole time I have been taking this medicine I have had a sharp pain in my nose when I breathe through my nose I can also smell the medicine, I have had pain so bad in my legs and knees to where it hurts to move, and I 've also been slightly forgetful. My ear pain has gotten worse to where it wakes me up. I have never had a medicine that has done this to me in the past.
Sharp pains randomly through the cycle. Prolonged periods up to 13 days of bleeding. Excessive blood loss lead to fatigue, emotional instability, dry flakey skin and scalp, brittle hair as well as hair loss and I 'm only 22. Reoccurring yeast infections almost every other month. Stopped pregnancy but wasn 't worth the side effects. Had it just over a year.
Starting taking this med after bleeding duodenal ulcer put me in hospital-Took for 2 weeks but my sugars started spiking near 400 no matter what I ate.  This is not the drug for me or possibly any other diabetics out there with sugar control issues.
I personally don 't think it works that great however, I also take prozac and the buspar was prescribed to &quot;boost&quot; the prozac. Sorry to say but  personally, I didn 't notice a difference, I wish they would have just boosted up my Prozac instead. Also, I take 3 7.5 mgs a day of boat and 60 mg of prozac
Been using androgel for about 18 months now. Started in May 2009 with four pumps a day and felt great and my erections were firm and sex was great. But over time my T levels started dropping, so in December 2009 I was moved up to 5 pumps. In August, almost like a light switch went off my sex drive nosedived and lost interest in sex.  In October I had my physical and found that my T level had dropped to 284 which is low. I 'm 52, workout four days a week in great shape. My urologist moved me to 8 pumps a day since October 23 and to date still don 't feel any different and there is no sex drive. Still no erections or the ability to maintain one.Any thoughts on this. It has been 18 days since I went to 8 pumps.
Okay well day one here.. inserted this stuff maybe 20 mins ago.. holy freaking crap.. the ITCHING WAS UNREAL. I was itchy just a bit  from my infection.. this made the inside outside  area itch like a crazy. Oh my god. I felt like ripping my hair out!! It 's died down a bit now.. but feel a little burning, nothing too bad I hope it stays that way. Glad I found these reviews I didn 't know what was going on.. MILD increase of itching and burning?? Lies. Hopefully day two goes better.. never gone through this, I had one YI before this and got the pill.. now I 'm 25 weeks pregnant and can 't take it so this is my only option. :( wish me luck tomorrow isn 't as miserable
Made me hemmorhage on my periods. I would go through these bouts of such heavy bleeding at one time, it would go through my pants. If I knew I was on my period with this pill, I would have to practice using a pad and a tampon (not just a liner...)Absolute loss of sex drive. Depression. Horrendous mood swings.My vulva would get so dry certain times of the month, it would crack open on certain areas, and bleed...
I was given epiduo from my doctor to help with my acne. Now for the acne side of things the product really does work and i could see a difference within a few days of using the product......HOWEVER....after 2-3 days i have nothing but persistent dryness, swelling of the eyes and a stinging sensation. I could cry with the stinging as it is so uncomfortable that I have to bathe my eyes with cold water just to try and take the pain away. I have gone for weeks without using it to go back as it may have been something else that had been causing it. I couldn 't have been more wrong. I would rather suffer with acne than use this product or recommend it to anyone.
25 no kids. 18 months with Skyla now. Insertion NOT too painful. Spotting for 3 weeks. Abnormal discharge (never had in my LIFE) for over a YEAR now. Wasting so much $$$ on DR visits. No sex drive because of discharge side effects. Really bad period cramps (never had before) 8-9 day light light bleeding (also never had a period that long before). Didn 't know that one of the side effects was dandruff (also NEVER had ever in my life) it 's embarrassing! Love the effectiveness but HATE the side effects. I 've had enough. Getting it removed asap.
The person who said this tasted like SALTY GRAPE COUGH SYRUP was dead on! The first dose was okay, worked within 45 min and done by 2.5 hours start to finish. Here I am at 2:30am to do the second dose. I can 't do it. I keep diluting it with the 32oz of water I 'm suppose to drink afterwards, to kill the taste. Hopefully it works but have spit it back up. Oh and first dose very bloated after drinking it all. Don 't know if I can do it. Worst stuff ever! MoviPrep back in 2012 while tasted better had worse effects afterwards and took all night. I guess it 's the price you pay. But waking up in the middle of a sleep cycle isn 't cool knowing you 'll be up for the next three hours and surgery is in 4.
I started taking this because I was getting upset really easy. At first I felt a little happier but it definitely made me shaky and sick. I get upset a lot less but I 'm really just numb to everything. It make me impulsive and irritated.
Horrible. Just finished the first half and I am dreading literally dreading the second half. I threw up half of it and feel sicker then a dog with a splitting migrane!
Been on the pill for 20 yrs and over the past few years have noticed more nausea.  This plus often forgetting it made me inquire into alternatives.  My Ob suggested the ring which sounded great. Am heading into my 3rd week already decided to go back to the pill.  First, it was unsettling getting it in and I felt it constantly. To not feel it requires it going pretty far in which makes it hard to find. There is also: discharge, acne, nausea and stomach cramping/bloating.  I feel like I 'm on my period all the time and the acne (like a kid). I think it 's a good fit for some, just not for me.
I 've been battling toenail fungus for about 10 years.  Tried the generic version of Lamisil (Terbinafine), but quit that nasty drug as it made me feel ill. Have had laser surgery twice...what a joke. In fact, I think it damaged my nails and sadly, I don 't think they 'll ever be the same again. I was on Jublia for a full year (applied everyday) and saw nominal improvement and a return of the fungus when I discontinued use.  Back on it and supplement treatment with Vicks VaporRub and blend of essential oils that have been &quot;proven&quot; to get rid the fungus. I 've also cut out sugar and grains, all things that supposedly feed fungus.  Additionally I take a daily probiotic.  Jury is still out on whether any of this will work.  I HATE BIG PHARMA!
I tried this for about 4 months and at first it seemed to work fine, but then I started spotting almost all the time and my periods began to become irregular and lasted a for days longer with more intense cramps than I used to have. It also did make me a little bit more moody, but not drastically so. I decided to have the rod removed because I don 't like being so irregular and dealing with cramps that are more intense than the intense cramps I usually experienced without birth control. I 'm not sure how it worked for me when it comes to preventing pregnancy since I got this to begin birth control before getting married and have yet to marry my fiance and so on. This may work for other women, but unfortunately it wasn 't the best fit for m
I am pretty sure this medication is just acid in pill form. And not the fun kind either. No. I took this medication for severe arthritis and fybromialgia and 15 minutes later my whole esophogus feels like it 's on fire. I took the medication with food as prescribed and still this is the worst heartburn I have ever had in my life. I used to have severe ulcers, and I know when a medication is burning my stomach lining. No sir. No more ulcers for me thank you.I also had the alarming sensation of hearing everything while under water. I spent the whole week asking people to repeat themselves because their voices sounded muffled. That with severe ringing in the ears and persistent nausea-I quit this medication after a week.
I 'm 26 and had been on the Zoloft for about 13 years at a low dosage for depression and social anxiety disorder. However in August I had it increased to the highest dosage I had ever been on. I subsequently incurred depression, suicidal states, vicious angry mania, irrational thinking and mixed states, almost another evil personality. It turns out I was misdiagnosed with severe depression and not Bipolar Disorder. It 's been reported that antidepressants like Zoloft can make symptoms of Bipolar disorder worse. It was a very bad way to find out you 're Bipolar and even worse that the medication you take is causing you to be worse. It had worked for me for about 12 years, with no weight gain, nor sexual side effects.
I , too, had the constant itching and felt like something was crawling on me.  I used Gold Bond extreme moisture lotion which helped somewhat.  I gained 15 pounds in a matter of 2 weeks, shortness of breath on exertion, and confusion.  This was only my first injection and I am due for a second in 2 months but not sure I want to go this route again.  This is a monoclonal antibody not a drug and it affects the body differently than a drug.  There is no antidote for this if you have a reaction, so you are stuck with the problems for quite some time.
I started taking the pill when I was 17 and began with Tri-sprintec.  I loved it, but after a few years I started randomly spotting so my doctor switched me to Nortrel because it had higher levels of estrogen.  I am now 21 and have been taking this pill for about 8 months and the experience has been awful.  I have gained a ton of weight without changing my eating or exercising habits, have been getting horrible migraines, even though I had never experienced one until this pill, have been getting petechiae everywhere, and scary mood swings. 
I am on Hydrea due to Ediopathic Thrombocytopenia with platelet counts over 2 milion. I am very young (21) and taking Hydrea for 1 year and a half now. Though it has sinked my platelets I have recurrent anemia and infections (most recently in the lungs).In the beginning I was very tired, legs shook, skin would easily bruise, drugged up feeling from time to time, depressive, muscle pain, burning in legs which was severe and decreased after 5 months, brain fog, stomach pain (still common).Most common symptom would be enlarged spleen with pain.I 've had brutal neurological side effects that have been decreasing slowly with time. Nevertheless, Hydrea compared to Anagrelid and Interferon is by far the medicine I tolerate better. 
Helped the dry cough for sure! But I am currently on the can as I write this. The reviews are spot on (Wish I read them before I took up to 3 doses). I 've traded a horrible cough for uncontrollable bowel movements!
Just started gabapentin today, still have leg pain but I guess I need to give it a chance. A few hours after taking I had zero energy and felt kinda like a limp spaghetti noodle. Sort of a blah feeling but I will try another tomorrow. Think I will take it a little later , maybe I can sleep through the blah stage.
Been on vesicare for 3 months but now terrible constipation. Has anyone tried taking a dose every second day. Was the drug still effective?
I started this birth control about 2 months after becoming sexually active. Still being in the same relationship I have seen major changes. This medicine works great to prevent pregnancy, but I 've had uncontrollable mood swing along with bad anxiety involving my relationship. As a person that has always had long term relationships I have never felt THIS crazy about a partner. And not a good crazy. Even though I know he is faithful I constantly have panic attacks whenever he leaves from worrying about our relationships. I am, and was never, the type of women to be insecure, but this medicine is driving me insane, and would recommend trying others.
This was my first birth control method and I 'm never going back on it ever again. Nuva Ring messed with my emotions to the max. It was always two very different extremes- I felt really really good or freaking awful. And when it was awful, I mean it was awful. I cried over the littlest things and everything and anything made me angry and I couldn 't control it. It didn 't even make me gain weight but it just made me feel so ugly about myself. My boobs grew which was nice but that doesn 't even outweigh all the bad about it.
I had Implanon implanted August 2009. It was great until April 2011. I started getting my period not once but twice a month. The second is short. The first is full blown. I am a wreck the week before I start with super sore breasts (felt like I was pregnant) and horrible mood swings. The bleeding is terrible. Plus very unpredictable.
I 'm a 47 year old type 2 diabetic for over 20 years. Have been on most insulin&rsquo;s after the pills stopped working for me. Then dropped a huge amount of weight so I was taken off all meds. Now gained 45lb and A1C in the 10&rsquo;s. In the past two years. I&rsquo;ve tried Januvia, not a lot of side effects but didn&rsquo;t lower my sugars. So I was put on Invokana. Worked good for maybe two months on lowering my sugars but the side effects were quite bothersome. Especially the longer I was on it. Yeast infections bad. Up at night going to the bathroom because of the way the med works, extremely tired, thirsty,dehydration issues if you don&rsquo;t drink enough and the recent gas,bloating,constipation issues. I couldn&rsquo;t get enough carbs with my cravings and wt gain! Off the Med and on to Victoza!
Ulcer veteran here. Sixteen years ago I had 2 ulcers. Needless to say that 's taken care of but I 've suffered chronic nausea since. Only recently have I decided the nausea is worse. Doc put me on vistaril 25 x 4. I 'm also an anxious person I told the doc. Does nothing for my nausea nor does anything to take the edge off. Ten days so far. I 'm seeking help elsewhere.
The purpose of my writing this review is to warn nursing mothers against using this drug. The drug worked - it increased my milk supply - but at a very high cost. Prior to taking Reglan, I had never had issues with depression or insomnia and very little issues with anxiety. Throughout the latter part of my taking this drug, anxiety increased steadily. Then I stopped sleeping. I became extremely anxious and severely depressed. After over two weeks going on a total of no more than 15 hours of sleep, I was admitted to the hospital. While in the hospital, I stopped taking Reglan. After five days off the drug, I was fine. Please do not take this drug. The other reviews are accurate as well. It is not worth it.
Flow has improved, but I have the equivalent of a permanent head cold.  After two months, I have trouble breathing through my nose, and sleep fully.  It 's not worth it.  I will try Avodart, and if that doesn 't work, I will have surgery.
I was recently put on this medication - only 25 mg to start for the first week. Since about the third day of taking the low dose of this medication I suddenly began to be extremely tired. I was not feeling like myself at all. I had to leave work early one day and was off for the rest of the week. I also slept for about one whole day. My doctor is aware and wants me to stick with the low dose for now since I am still feeling pretty lethargic during the 3rd week. I hope that it will get better soon. 
I got my implant in August of 2015 and I think I have had just about every side effect there is. I 've had constant spotting, one of my periods lasted for just over 3 weeks. I 've had what I like to call ghost periods where I don 't bleed but I have crippling cramps, pms, headaches and fatigue. I 've also experienced insomnia, loss of appetite, migraines, mood swings, and in the last year I have had 4 yeast infections and once when I had a bacterial infection and yeast infection and the same time.. my doctor was very confused as to how that happened... maybe my body is just not meshing well with this implant, but just about every side effect that can occur with this implant I have had. I 've tried it for a year and I 'm done with it.
I started taking this medication in the winter of 2016. I was having heavy periods, as well as bleeding in between. My gyno diagnosed me with uterine fibroids and uterine hyperplasia. I was given 5mg to take every day. I have not had a period. At first it was a dream pill. I lost weight and stopped having periods. Now my stomach hurts all the time, I was diagnosed with prolapse which I NEVER had issues until this pill, my boobs are getting bigger and horrible anxiety. I asked if I could stop taking this pill and my doc said &quot;it is preventing you from getting uterine cancer.&quot; My urogyn said my type of  hyperplasia does not cause cancer. I am so done.
I was taking Yaz for about a year and a half and it was actually working great. I started taking Apri about 4 or 5 months ago. Yes, my periods are regular and I am not pregnant, but my cramps are extremely painful still, and I am very moody. I also have a very diminished sex drive. 
I used it for sometime and it caused me temporary muscular spasms in my face. I prefer Zofran.
I started taking this 9 days ago. The first few days was ok, I was kinda snappy, but ok. After day 7 I stopped smoking, didn 't find it hard to quit, but did have the worst panic attack while driving home, and called my husband and cried for the next 25 minutes. The next day I was ok, but today I was on my way to work. I was 5 mins down the road from my house and turned around. I had to call out of work. I cried and had a huge panic attack. It happened all throughout the day. Called the Dr. She said to stop taking it. It 's OK for quitting smoking for me, but the side affects are not worth it (aside from the sex).
I was so tired on this medication, I don 't think I gave it long enough to work before I switched to something else.
I have been on pravastatin for nearly five months.  Two months ago I felt soreness in my wrists.  One month ago soreness and weakness in both knees.  I will call my treating physician tomorrow.  I can hardly get up from a sitting position.
Although it was with the girl I love and everything turned out alright. My gf did get pregnant after taking Plan B one step about 16 hours after hooking up. I have used it with other girls and with her before, and nothing ever came from it. So maybe it saved me before. But with my current gf, it did not. She got off Birth Control 2 weeks before we hooked up. Two weeks after that she had light bleeding and cramps. Figured we were all good. For shits and gigs she took a pregnancy test, followed by 2 others, and what do you know. Pregnant. So just letting people know. It can still happen. It did for me and my gf, so be careful. Its not a guarantee.
Had stomach/nausea/breathing side effects - awful experience. Quit after 4 tablets out of five. 
I consumed the Berry Smoothie Readi-Cat as directed prior to a CT scan. When I was leaving, the technician handed me a bottle of water, and told me to be sure to drink enough liquids. He did not explain why. I failed to consume much water following the exam; I was busy around town doing errands and it slipped my mind. Later, I have found that there have been residual effects of some joint inflammation,  that is apparent in my right knee joint area in particular. I suspect that this product has the potential to contribute to inflammation. I 'm not sure if it is the barium sulfate in particular, although I had a CT scan a few years ago and don 't remember this side effect. It could be the agents used to flavor it, or to keep it in suspension.
I took Zarah for 3 years, never missed a pill and always took it right at 3pm every day. So it worked great. No weight gain. No painful cramps. A light flow during period week. But I rated this 5/10 because I did end up getting pregnant 3 1/2 years after I started taking Zarah. I didn&rsquo;t take any medications around the time I conceived besides my BC Zarah. My doctor was shocked when my blood test came back positive. So beware, even the best birth control pills can fail and result in pregnancy. I will say though, it was the best thing that&rsquo;s ever happened to me. I have a beautiful 1 year old to prove it.
I was really excited initially to get NuvaRing. During the first week, I had really heavy bleeding, which ultimately turned into spotting almost every day for the next three months until I finally decided to have it removed. When I started Nexplanon, I was at a healthy weight for my height and frame, but lost about ten pounds despite no change in my eating habits, lost all of my breasts, and started looking too thin. I was also incredibly irritable and depressed on an almost daily basis, which put just as much of a damper on intimacy with my boyfriend as the virtually nonexistent libido that it gave me. After I got it removed and got back on the Pill, all of my symptoms went away. I wouldn 't recommend Nexplanon to anyone.
The insertion I was painful but the type of cramp you get the day before your period. The doctor told me she loved me and did everything with ease. I 've been on skyla for a month now and have spotted everyday and I think I am on my period now. It 's hard to tell the difference since the pain is severe for both. I 've been in unbearable pain everyday for a month. My uterus laughs at midol and norco. They only thing that works is naproxen, but if I don 't take it before is loses the effect then I 'm in pain for the rest of the day especially since it takes 2 hrs to kick in. I 've been throwing up for 3 weeks now and it can be due to the pain. I 'm going to stick with it. I can 't have done this for nothing
I have been on it for a year and never gotten any better after the first week. This is my last refill just hoping for a miracle.
I must take numerous puffs in order to get any relief from ProAir.
Take this for Neck Spasms after surgery. Taking now for 2 years. Had major surgery. Do not think this is good for me, anyways. I can not stay awake when I take it, thus, I have to take it only at night, and cannot drive, and please do not drive if you take this medication as it, for me, puts me right out. Told 3 doctors this, they will not give me another med for neck spasms and cramps so I use it as I can. It helps, but does make me dizzy and extremely sleepy. If you have sleep Apnea, be VERY cautious!
I started using this product when I became serious with my boyfriend. I 'm very scatterbrained so using it has been amazing in regards to never worrying about missing a pill. I can just leave it in and not worry. After being on it for only 3 months, I noticed an extreme weight gain, loss of sex drive, virtually no vaginal fluid, breast tenderness, anxiety, and severe mood swings. But I stayed on it, hoping it would pass. It hasn 't. 2 years later, I 'm only on it for convenience. I 'm switching this week.
1st use.  Worked well to achieve and maintain erection.  I 'm one of the folks that got significant side effects with 10mg, and am on lisinopril for blood pressure. 12 hours after taking Levitra and blood pressure meds, my blood pressure went up, mild headache throughout the day became severe, and significant stomach flu symptoms.  After about 4 hours, symptoms subsided.  Woke up next morning feeling like day after the flu. Dr. advised taking half BP medicine in the morning, half in the afternoon, with Levitra somewhere in between.  The BP medicine wearing off combined with residual Levitra likely cause of symptoms. Think next time will try 5mg.
I have acid reflux caused as a side effect from a cancer medicine I can 't stop taking yet. I have tried several GERD treatments, Dexilant is the only one that makes me feel &quot;normal.&quot; I have been on it for 60 days and have developed a constant, dull headache and intermittent SEVERE leg cramps (more like seizures as the muscles become rigid and inflexible). I would rather have the reflux symptoms than the sleep disruption and pain. Additionally, my insurance only pays $15.00 toward it and dexilant &quot;never pay more than $20&quot; coupon brings it down to $170.00 a month.
I started taking Fosamax for Osteoporosis and I have had a low back pain and body aches the first week, and on the second week I have had severe headache that lasted over two days, now its a dull headache. I 'm not to sure on this medicine, I 'm worried about the side effects. I hope the effects get better not worse.
I am on my 2nd pack on my third month of pills. I have been on the generic brand of seasonique called Ashlyna starting on my 6 months. the first month as soon as I started I thought it was going to be awesome. by the second month I started bleeding and bled like a heavy period for a little over 3 weeks. called my doctor she said that my body just had to get used to it. the third month just fine and the 4th month as well. The fifth month I started spotting here and there but nothing serious.Now I am starting on my 6 month and on  the last pack and I have been spotting since October 6 and just got a heavy period today and I am not due for a period till 3 more weeks. I am going to wait it out and see what happens. good luck everyone.
I 've been on Contrave for almost 2 weeks now. Lost about 5lbs. Have not had any bad side effects but energy levels are low. Looking into trying low carb diet to see if it helps with more weight loss.
I have UC for 12 years, I was in remission for a few years and then all of a sudden I had a flare up, I have been one this medication for almost 2 months. When I first started on it, it helped for like a week or so. I had swelling in my face and joints and sore muscles and headaches. My doctor told me to stick with it so my body could adjust properly and it helped but didnt stop my issues. For the last week I have been going to the bathroom 10 times a day. Me and my doctor are now trying to figure out the next step.
This medicine turned me into a zombified eating machine.  I put on 30 pounds in one month.  It was also extremely sedating. 
Lately I 've been feeling &quot;off&quot;, I feel moody and sometimes want to cry for no reason.  I recently felt super nauseous, dizzy and felt like I was going to faint while driving but for no apparent reason.  I went to the doctor and everything was fine.  I went to the optometrist and everything with my eyes was fine.  I 've had panic attacks, severe anxiety, a feeling of &quot;blah&quot;, headaches and dizziness plus all around weirdness and I believe its from these pills. I was on a different birth control a while ago and I got weird symptoms from it too.  I 'm going to change my pill and see if that does the trick.  Plus I 've gained SO MUCH WEIGHT from this pill.
Since I 've been on strattera I 've felt tired &amp; listless -- I can 't even work up enough energy for essentials like laundry &amp; dishes. I 've been on it for 5 months. My worst side effects are nausea, fatigue, irritability, and strange dreams. It feels like I start dreaming before I even fall asleep and it 's driving me crazy. In typical ADHD fashion I forgot my meds at work over the weekend &amp; had to go without -- I woke up at 4am to the worst headache I 've ever had. I have an appointment on Wednesday &amp; will be doing my damnedest to get my doc to switch me to a different med. I think it did a little for my ADHD but I also upped my coffee intake while I was on this med.
Just started
I 've been on Belviq for 3 days and have felt nothing. I haven 't felt the urge to eat less nor any side effects. Anybody want to share and let me know when I would start to feel something. Thanks
It started off great, for the first month. But then by the second month, my period became a monster. It lasted for so long and started on a very random day that wasn 't even close to my regular period cycle date. Also, I 'm on an emotional roller coaster ride and almost constantly angry at something or someone. I don 't like this at all. 
I overall was not very happy with this. The reviews were horrible online but I decided to try it anyways. It did shorten and lighten my period a lot which I loved. But I had a lot of spotting before I got my period which was annoying. I did notice my acne get worse. But no emotional effect except being more hungry, I also noticed my breast get slightly bigger but as well as my belly area. I 'm 17.
It helped with the respiratory issues quickly, BUT within a day of starting this I 've been experiencing dizziness, headaches &amp; nausea later followed by stomach cramps &amp; diarrhea ....not sure I can finish the last 2 days of it...the dizziness is the worst.
My experience is much like everyone else. It stunk. I had such high hopes. It took me 2 hours to fall asleep had a vivid dream for an hour and woke up. You can see how well it worked for me as I 'm up wide awake 3 hours after I took the med. Fun part was learned what depths my brain had in my dream. Won 't even be trying a second time. I took 20mg off the bat.
Prescribed for ruptured eardrum/ear infection, on day 6 &amp; while my ear is much better, I feel nauseous &amp; having several loose stools a day. Also feeling very tired. I 'm taking a probiotic at bedtime but it doesn 't seem to be doing much. Still have 4 days to go, not sure if I 'll keep taking or not. Seeing ENT doc tomorrow so we will see what he has to say. Plain old amoxicillin works for me without the nasty side effects.
have had nexplanon since 12/11/12. It was fine for awhile, until my boyfriend started complaining that we never have sex anymore. Then I realized that we really didn 't. I have always been a tad moody, and already had depression issues. Nexplanon made them worse. The worst thing of all was that unfortunately my boyfriend started becoming extremely jealous thinking i was having sex with someone else. I couldn 't figure out what happened to my sexual appetite for the longest time. Then it dawned on me, it had to be the implant. i didnt have much of a  problem with implanon, just moodiness. I can honestly say if i were not in a relationship, it would probably be great, but starting nexplanon ruined my relationship, and my selfesteem. Too bad.
I just got into pain management. I have cubital tunnel and degenerative disc disease in T3/T4. My doctor put me on 25mcg fentanyl patches and 50mg tapentadol(Nucynta) for breakthrough pain. The fentanyl is helping but when I take the Nucynta it doesn 't seem to help my break through pain. My doctor was excited for me to try it and see how it works. 
Testim must have the worst delivery system devised for any medical product.  And the gel takes forever to dry.....longer than I can wait.  So I go to work unsticking my undershirt from my skin for an hour.  It comes in 30 mini-toothpaste tubes.  The end must be punctured by the cap that has a point for that purpose.  Then you are to squeeze &quot;half&quot; from that little tube and spread it. THEN you put the little tube in your NOW sticky, slimey other hand and squeeze out as much of the rest as possible.  There is no way this is cost effective.I was forced to use Testim by my insurance company after 10 years of Androgel gel packs and then the pump........which was perfect.  I don 't like Testim at all and see no difference medically from Androgel
I 've been on Junel Fe for 9 months now. For the first three months I experienced nausea and occasional mood swings, it helped with making my period lighter and regularly on time. After the first months I was fine. Upon month 8 I experienced extreme mood swings and depression. I would pick fights about the smallest things and I felt crazy for doing so. I became really depressed once I hit month 9 and just could not figure out what was going on. Finally, a friend suggested getting off of Junel Fe and I have seen immediate change in my mood even on day 3 of being off the pill. Did not work for me.
Side effects were not tolerated well.
Tried weekly Boniva and had severe flu symptoms each time and had to stop taking it.  That was approximately 1 yr ago. Now taking once monthly. Thought it was okay no flu but having diarrhea and pain in upper thigh after taking twice. Just had 3rd one yesterday and diarrhea is bad.
This tastes so bad I was gagging to get it down.  I am never using it again and its very expensive.  I had to shoot it with a before and after chaser.  There is no flavor whatsoever other than thick sea water.  It smells lemony but don 't let that fool you. 
Stopped taking Cymbalta after being on the medicine for almost year.  Worked wonders for the pain from Fibro and also improved my mood.  I also had some horrible side effects.  Lost a ton of hair, gained 40 pounds and became a compulsive gambler. Heard of others suffering from compulsive behavior on the medicine and also euphoria feelings.  I couldn 't get over my loss of control when it came to gambling (slots).  I know others on the drug who became shopaholics.  I have been off the drug for five weeks and what a difference.  My hair is growing in better and is not falling out like before.  I have no desire to go gamble.  Losing the weight may be more difficult.  I am glad I have decided to get off the medicine, but am also suffering fibro pain.
I 've tried many birth controls, probably about eight, but this one stands out in my memory as the worst just because of the side effects. I will say I can appreciate a short period, four days I believe? I was on this pill for only a month a while back, but if I recall correctly that was the month I reached my highest weight ever, gaining ten pounds. I got rather irritable and was glad when I switched to Quartette and apologized for snapping at people :^)
I had an endoscopic procedure yesterday and they used Propofol instead of Versed . I am 61 years old and was told of a slight sting . I had about 60 seconds (long seconds) of a feeling like my hand was set on fire. I will never let anyone use this drug on me again. I 'm 61 and healthy and can 't imagine if I was a frail little old lady or man given this drug . The pain was horrific.
i started belviq one week ago, i got on the scale im 3lbs up. my legs have been swollen since yesterday..i feel dizzy and fatigue taking it..ive been eating less and exercising at least 3 times in the past week.i don 't think this pill is for me...im feeling uncomfortable with swollen legs its scary...i will call my physician tomorrow to see what i can do for this to go away...but i wont take another pill after this.
Did help lower blood sugar, but caused constipation. I never built up to taking the full dose.
I was on Levlen for around 8 months. I started it a month before my wedding day, and because I 'm still quite young, I was really adamant about contraception. After researching about pills, i figured as long as i didnt get acne breakouts, gain weight or get hairy, it was perfect. Boy, was  I wrong! I was completely depressed, anxious and stressed the entire time, my libido was almost non-existent and i started to get cyctic acne on my face... you can imagine how all of this would affect newlyweds!! It wasnt until i had a major breakdown a month ago that I knew i had to get off Levlen ASAP! I 'm now on Femme Tab and its working fine, just waiting to see how my hormones will react!
First two days taking 50mg. First day taking I took relatively earlier so it would have time to kick in, without leaving me groggy, I felt it within a hour, and it increased by libido!! After two hours the drowsiness wore off, however I felt great and took a third of another to boost me back in a sedated sleep.  Normally I have extremely long lasting visual dreams, but I never felt energized like I 've slept. This first morning I couldn 't recall having a single dream and woke up relatively early, sleeping 8 hours. My side effects were feeling lightly hungover and numb until standing.  Yes I couldn 't breath out of my nose and yes my mouth became dry no matter the amount of water. 2nd night bad headache no sleep. Will try 25mg tomorrow. Not looking promising
Hello I am 59 year old women who has psoriatic arthritis for over 7 years now. I was on remecade and decided to try something else so my RMD put me on stelara. So here 's the thing although my psoriasis cleared up my arthritis is bad I 've only been on it for 2 months so I am giving it more of a chance. Anyone else here have arthritis and on stelara? Thoughts please and thank you
55 year old male. I 've always led a vigorous lifestyle of skiing, biking, kayaking. In the last several years I have had 4 broken ribs, and then earlier this year I broke my right clavicle and then left femur from a fall from a latter. I don 't know if its working or not ( No follow up screening yet). My initial T score was -3.9 in the lower lumbar region with various values to -2.9. I have experienced bruising at the injection site, skeletal pain, various stomach issues including constipation, diarrhea, but the latest and worse side affect is a ridged pain in my stomach wall.
I started this medicine on April 1. Here is is almost June 1....no weight loss, nauseous constantly, very tired. Went from 0.6 the first week to 1.2 for a week then to 1.8. Pharmacist suggested going back to 1.2 as the 1.8 made me so nauseous. Have switched back and forth a couple times now. Cannot handle the 1.8 and work a full time job. Sugars showed excellent improvement the first two weeks, (97-115) now I 'm lucky if I can stay under 160, even with nothing in my stomach. I was 211 yesterday morning after eating an egg. I 'm 187 today after eating a half a cup of oatmeal. Also take 2000mg of metformin at night. (Previous medicines were Byetta and Avandimet) and I 'm craving sugar.
Made me sleepy and I didn 't care about anything. However, I find that a small dosage combined with Wellbutrin XL 300 mg works great. They compliment each other as my doctor suggested.
My daughter (6) was diagnosed with pseudotumor cerebri one month ago. She had a spinal tap done to relieve the pressure and was put on a very low dose of the medicine (125mg) twice a day. All seemed well for the first two weeks, and now we are back to the beginning with headaches, swelling of the face, blurred vision and unusual tiredness. She saw a neurologist yesterday who doubled her dose. Needless to say--today she was so tired that she took 2 naps! THIS NEVER HAPPENS! I am worried that these are all side effects of the medicine now. As much as I don 't want her to undergo surgery for a shunt, I would rather that than have her not be able to function because of these symptoms!
I have been on the patch for about 3 months now, I used to have severe headaches every day before starting Xulane. Now I rarely get them - only on my period. I also have not had any issues with the patch coming off, if anything it is hard to take off at the end of each week and actually quite painful! Also, the week before my period and during my period, I have intense mood swings and become extremely irritable and emotional. So, 2 weeks out of 4 in every month, I feel pretty terrible. I am considering stopping the patch completely, as it is becoming increasingly difficult to manage.
Fantastic at clearing the sinus infection. I 'm on day 4 and it 's almost completely gone. The first two days were miraculous. But then. Starting day 3 ...My stomach and intestines are rumbling almost constantly and I 'm &quot;pooping&quot; brown water 5+ times a day. I 'm also utterly exhausted and weak, making it virtually impossible to actually do anything. If this gets much worse, I 'm going to have to stop using this before the 10-day course runs out.
I had been using the implant for 5 years as it was much easier than taking a pill and was known to be effective. In the first year of using this I had no period whatsoever and thought this was great! However for the remaining 4 years of using this I suffered with constantly bleeding. It was not always heavy but there was rarely ever a day when I was not spotting or could not wear a pad. This proved very difficult with dating and relationships as I was never off my period and sex was pretty much always off the cards. The Implant caused me to suffer with the most crippling depression and anxiety and I had counselling for this (all gone now since its removal)? a weight gain of 50 pounds or more which would never budge. Please don 't get this!!
Dr just put me on 20 2x a day with 1 mg Ativan PRN.  I was on Zanex 1 mg 2x a day I have been through the worst thing a parent can go through losing a child  12 years ago she was 8 then I 'm a widow now lost my husband 5 years ago he was 41. I  see a psychiatrist huh nothing mends a broken heart but I will keep trying what the Dr keeps putting me on
I slept drove while taking this medication it ended up in a very bad situation.
Improved my ability to get to sleep but I stopped taking it because of strange side effects at night....nightmares, talking in my sleep, slugging the headboard of the bed, falling/diving out of bed during a fight dream, having conversations with my wife that I would have no memory of the next day.  Doctor decided to take me off Ambien today and try something else.
I took this pill for 3 years.  I felt fine on it but my triglycerides went from 120 the year prior to taking it to 226 the following year.  The year after that it was 230 and then last year it was 240.  I tried to research reasons for triglycerides increasing and found that it could be birth control.  I got tested this year after being off the pill for 18 months and my triglycerides were 88.  I have to say that I believe it was Gianvi.  I 'd keep an eye on this.
I Used to be on Trinessa, but my pharmacy switched me to Triprintec because they were no longer carrying Trinessa. At first, it was horrible. I had extreme depression and mood swings, migraines, nausea, fainted once, and it caused irregular heart beats. I 've been on it for 3 years now and the only symptoms I have are migraines and nausea. The nausea can be extreme some times. The only good thing I can say about the medication is that I have not been pregnant and have had no problems with acne. 
This was the second birth control prescribed to be after I had the nexplanon (very much disliked it). After 3 months of taking it I had to stop. I never have had anxiety in my life until this pill. It was to the point where it was hard to sleep. Decrease in sex drive. And huge migraines. The only reason I give it 3 stars is due to how light and short my periods were. Other than that, no good for me!!
My overall experience with this birth control was terrible. I had a false pregnancy and was moody and over emotional. The only 2 things good about this pill was it did keep my skin clear and my periods were very light. But with the weight gain/false pregnancy thing my obgyn said the hormones in this pill were too high for my system. She switched me to an ultra low dose and the bloating was gone in no time.
I took TriNessa because I had really bad acne around my period. I 've taken it for a month now and when I have my period my skin is clear. But when I 'm not on my period my skin isn 't. It 's kind of opposite of what it was doing before.
I started Sprintec in the beginning of September and the first week I broke out SO bad around my mouth and on my chin which has never been a huge problem area for me. I 'm on my third pack and it 's still no signs of clearing up. Ive been losing even more hair than normal and it completely killed my sex drive. I have random pains in my abdomen that feel like cramps even when I 'm not on my period. The only plus side is that my breasts got slightly bigger. Lol.
I have been taking this for a month and my blood sugar keeps dropping out. I feel terrible and weak all the time. I get numbness everywhere. I have three sons to care for and it 's hard. I 'm glad most of my symptoms seem to be normal as I have read yours. The pressure in my head hasn 't lessened though. They gave me migraine medicine but I 'm afraid to take it if it 'll put me to sleep during the day. I keep thinking about calling my neurologist. I 'd like to know what to do at this point.
I started taking this drug in January of 2016 and for the first two months everything was fine. After the first two months of having no side effects, things got bad. I got extremely painful cystic acne around my mouth, painful menstrual cramps, headaches, and I went from weighing 150 pounds to now 180 pounds. At the beginning I barely had a period but at the end it was back to being the long and dreadful periods I once had. This birth control obviously did what it was supposed to by preventing me from getting pregnant, but the side effects were not worth it. My doctor has no changed me to Yaz so I am hoping this is a better experience.
I used Oracea for severe rosacea. I experienced only mild improvements. I repeatedly got a skin infection around the eyes which was resolved with a topical anti-fungal. The infections alone are a reason to mark this medicine down.
Never ever take this. I took 3 pills at around 10pm. I went to sleep and woke up this morning with awful gas pains in my stomach. Went to the bathroom and after sitting in pain for 20 minutes finally had diarrhea. I stayed on the toilet with diarrhea and awful pain for almost 2 hours. I finally was able to get up and take a shower and then 20 min later the pain started again and I have the worst watery diarrhea I have ever experienced. I 'm not sure how long this will last but I would much rather be dealing with my constipation than go through the awful day of pain I 've experienced so far. Also, I 've been extremely nauseous and dry heaving throughout this ordeal. DO NOT TAKE THIS.
I would never take it again. I was just merely fatigued the first few days, but on the 3rd and 4th days after (I 'm in my 5th day, feeling awful!) I got so incredibly sick that I couldn 't function. It felt like my organs were sputtering and it scared the ISH out of me. Now, I 'm very healthy; I 'm 18, a junior in high school, and on the varsity track team. Still, the drug made me feel like I was legitimately dying &amp; I almost told my mom so she could take me to the ER (so much for the secret aspect of simply popping a one-time pill!). I was extremely dizzy, nauseous, gained 6 pounds in three days (WHILE working out), EXHAUSTED, trembly, incredibly weak, headachy, cramping like never before &amp; with stabbing pains everywhere at random times.
I have been on the lantus for 6mos. and have been walking everyday up to 1hr. each day and have been eating well for about 1yr. and my BSG is still about 150 or higher and I have gained 47lbs since I started. That is the only thing different that I 've been doing.
I 'm sure this works well enough for birth control. All the cramping I get from this thing. Waking up in pain several times a night does NOT make for a suitable mood for some physical activity. I 'm definitely looking forward to taking this thing back out, even the first day I had my nexplanon hurt less than this.
Bleeding for a year straight. Oh wait the couple weeks I wasn 't....I was itchy and dry. But I never got pregnant.
I have been having stomach problems and my doctor gave me a month sample of this. It doesn 't seem to have any effect on my stomach, I have however been having mood swings. I stopped taking it and my mood was back to normal. Strange but true. This may work for others, but not for me.
Its been  8 hours I took the second dose and  I feel no different, my throat started hurting more after I took it  the first time and horrible acidic stomach pain after the second dose.  I am not sure if I should wait until the 24 hours.. but so far I 'm not liking this medicine.
The first week on the pill was terrible. I had bad headaches and general sick to the stomach feeling, then it subsided. I was never hungry the whole time but so tired. This pill made me feel drained sun up to sun down. I couldn 't bring myself to exercise the way I wanted because of the fatigue. I didn 't continue Belviq after the first month due to the tired feeling. I 'm sure I could have lost much more weight if not for the fatigue.
Went on Mirena as it was one of my only options for birth control due to hormone issues and aura migraines. It hurt pretty bad having it put in. I suggest 800 mg of ibuprofen a half an hour to an hour before insertion. I have never had a child. Right after insertion I felt great, no pain for a few hours, then the cramps began. Nonstop terrible cramps with a little bleeding, for 3 full days. I finally called the Dr and she wrote me a script for Vicodin so I could go to work. No sleep for those 3 days due to terrible pain. The cramps finally subsided but then the stabbing pain started. Terrible stabbing pain in my abdomen. I think my body was rejecting it. I had it removed. Feel much better.
OK so I decided to go on nexplanon in August of 2014 and I had read all the side effects and all of them had happened. I had my period for a week and a half. Then about every other month I had one but it was less time each time and way less bleeding. And now its almost been a whole year since I got it done and I now have no signs of a period or spotting and discharge. I had asked my sister if not having a period was a bad thing and she said yes so I 'm not sure if I should get this removed because of me not having a period. All my hormones are fine. Everything about the birth control is amazing for me I just don 't ever have a period.
I 've been on Ortho-Tri-Cyclen for almost two years. I was put on it for acne but also to prevent pregnancy. It has cleared up my skin very much and I am not pregnant, however, in recent months something has changed. I get extremely nauseous/throw up hours after I take the pill (even if I eat before), I feel lightheaded and dizzy, sex drive has definitely decreased and I am losing weight. Pregnancy tests have come back negative so it is definitely this pill. Everyone is different but this pill has been making me so sick lately so I will be switching.
My BP was 170/110 and was put on 50mg of Losartan Potassium and 6 weeks later my BP was 242/129 and I was sent to the ER and 25mg of Hydrochlorothiazide was prescribed. After one week my BP come down and now stays about 140/100. I take my meds about 5am and I have not experienced any side effects except for feeling sluggish until about 10am, which is one side effect. No weight loss either, which I was really hoping for!
I am 62 years old and have been on the generic Flomax for about two years now.I have noticed a big improvement in my ability to urinate and I no longer have problems starting a stream. Also, it no longer takes a long time to fully empty my bladder. (No more starting and stopping several times).My only problem is the sexual side effect of no ejaculation when I have an orgasm it bothers me that when.Obviously, this is not normal!
Negatives of this pill:Rapid weight gain (I gained 30 pounds and my diet was the same as it has always been and prior to birth control pills I 've never had problems with weight gain)While I already suffer from anxiety and depression, taking this pill had doubled that. Almost everyday I felt depressed and angry and sad. I 've had so many breakdowns it was tiring. Now that I am off it for a couple of weeks, I feel much more calmness and peace of mind. There 's no doubt that the hormones in this pill had something to do with it. Do not take this back to back (skipping inactive week) when I did this my legs swelled up and hurt, and I couldn 't stand for long periods of time and also had constant spotting and cramps.Always had breast tenderness
Found this medication to be non-effective; lost a few pounds at first ; but at full dosage, the medication made me so nauseous and then ended up to be non-effective at all, didn 't lose any additional weight.
Worked very well at the start, but after 1 month I was back in Atrial Flutter. Had no side effects at all. Now Doctor is putting me on Flecainide.
I had the worst side-effect from this medication.  I was originally prescribed it about a year ago for insomnia related to my Bipolar 2.  It worked to get me to sleep, but eventually I started to have enormous amounts to rectal pain, so I went off of it when I stopped cycling.  I was put on it again this year when my cycling started again, and I again had the same pain.   It was absolutely awful.  So I am off of it now and never want to be put on it again.
I started taking this for extremely painful cramps and heavy periods. The ONLY positive effect I 've experienced is that my periods are regular and last 4 days instead of 7. I still need heavy doses of pain medicine for 2-3 of those days to even tolerate my cramps (which of course wrecks my digestive system.) I 'm significantly more moody and emotional. I 've gained about 25 pounds on this pill, even though I eat healthier and exercise more than I did before starting it. I suddenly had terrible acne which lasted for the first 6 months and it eventually cleared up again. My sex drive has also been much, much lower. This pill was my only option because it is chewable and I can 't swallow pills. If you don 't have to take this medicine then don 't.
I had the nexplanon implant inserted in June 2017, it is now October 2017 And it has not met any of my expectations! I have gained 15lbs since it was inserted and I have not stopped bleeding since! It&rsquo;s not like a period, it&rsquo;s very light and comes and goes throughout the day. But still very annoying! Everyone keeps telling me to wait it out, and it will get better but how long should I wait? My skin is the worst it&rsquo;s ever been, I&rsquo;ve suffered from acne since I was young and it was finally clearing up with the right skin care routine! Now it is worse than ever and I cannot get it under control! I cannot say whether I recommend this type of birth control for anyone simply because everyone reacts differently to different drugs.
I 'm 25 and have had minor motor ticks since I was around 12.  I was recently prescribed this because my tics became too much to bare without medication, but I 'm not noticing much of any change.  Sometimes the following day after I take 2 mg the night before, I 'll notice my tics are less frequent, but it definitely didn 't relieve them when I need it to.  It also gives me really bad dry mouth and sometimes gets me so tired I fall asleep at my desk at work. I 'll continue taking this for a little while longer but if the tics persist I 'm gonna have to try something else.
I have only had the Mirena for about 4 weeks and I just got my first period and I have been bleeding so heavily for about 3 days. I already decided that if this continues I will have it removed. I decided to get the Mirena because it lightens your period and can totally eliminate it, well that is not happening to me. I know it has only been a month but this is terrible. I have not had any other problems Just HEAVY BLEEDING.
I was on Seasonique for a 3-month cycle. During that period of time, I gained about 15 pounds, experienced horrible irritability, and I bled so much I was practically on my period for 3 months. Everyone has different experiences with birth control, but mine was really terrible with this particular medication.
Every time I 've used Abreva, it 's knocked maybe 1 or 2 days off of the usual 10 days to 2 weeks of healing. I came here more to spread the word about LYSINE supplements. After tons of reading I heard about these pills and ran out to whole foods and bought super lysine (10$) after a very big breakout on my nose. I 'm on day 5 and it 's GONE. Yesterday I was able to conceal the healing very easily with makeup. Usually the experience of a cold sore breakout is traumatizing for me, putting it lightly. I could cry of happiness for finding these miracle pills. I took 600mg a day during my active infection, 500-1000mg for a week to make sure the infection is completely gone!
I been on Chateal since Oct 2015 and the only negative thing about it is the extreme weight gain...I a profession personal trainer, very athletic  eat a very well balance diet for my needs and I 've gained about 12lbs... I no happy at all  before Chateal I was on Orto 7/7/7 and on that pill I never gained weight, never had a problem and I had no need to get of it and go on some thing else.
My experience with this birth control was HORRIBLE! It was the first one I 've ever taken. My periods were every 3.5 weeks for four days, light, rarely ever cramped, and never really moody. I got on the birth control for birth control that 's it. I told my doctor that and she prescribed this. My moods were insane! The slightest thing would set me off and I 'd go through about 20 moods in 10min. My periods were no longer normal. I bled for two weeks every two weeks for the first 6 months. I called my doctor 's office every couple weeks but they continued to tell me keep taking it. At about month 7 my period regulated then by month 9 I wasn 't even having periods. The crazy moods never stopped and the cramps were horrible. I recently switched bc.
I have been using the ring for about a year and a half now and I can relate to the symptoms everyone has been experiencing. Lack of sexual drive, mood swings, very sensitive, breast grew a cup size but is always very tender. Gained about 10lbs, was very emotional about everything. The only good thing about the ring is that you insert it for three weeks and once you remove the ring my period comes three days later like clock work. I had to stop using this birth control due to side effects.  Hubby was pleased with the bigger breast but upset with the mood swings and lack of sexual interest. 
I 'm 15 years old and I 've been taking solodyn 55 mg for about a month now in addition to birth control which my dermatologist prescribed. I haven 't been seeing any improvement yet and I am still continuing to get terrible breakouts.
My adult acne took a turn for the worse so I went to see a dermatologist.  She put me on Doryx; took it for a month and my skin had zero improvement and actually looks worse.  Maybe I should have stayed on it longer but it seems like you have to stay on it to maintain results. 
Switched from Atripla to Complera hoping for a better health and a relief on neurosystem damages that it causes. The food intake and horrible bloating was the first side effects of it, they got milder as for the 2nd week. By the 8th week my face started changing rapidly, my cheeks got sunken and I developed fatty breasts; my doc denied the fact that my face was changing. I switched doctors and I went back on Atripla, the neuropathy and the neuro side effects went back;my face regain my cheeks at least a 90% of it, my chest looks normal again.
I took Actonel, as directed, for four months.  Each time, my body ached so badly that I could barely walk and had to take time off from work.  I took myself off the medication because I just couldn 't function.  I go back to my doctor tomorrow.  I 'm sure I 'll be scolded.
I am on day 3 of Lialda. The first day I took all 4 pills with breakfast. Did the same on day 2. Day 2 I had severe diarrhea and chills and headache. I felt like I had the flu. That night I did the Canasa suppository. Woke up several times in the night but did not go to the bathroom. Day 3 woke up with severe headache and mild diarrhea. I decided that I would take 2 Lialda 's  with breakfast. I started feeling a little better. It is now night 3 and I just took 2 Lialda 's with dinner. Headache is not as severe. I am hoping that by day 7 I feel normal again. I was diagnosed with Ulcerative Colitis in 2003. I have not had a flare since 2006 until recently.
I was prescribed Cephalexin for a 20 day course for a horrid sinus infection. I had a throbbing headache, lots of mucus, etc. but I wasn 't feeling any better so I was prescribed Levaquin. Within the first three days of using Levaquin I felt incredibly tired; just weak, laying around all the time, and unable to sleep during the night. My eyes felt droopy all the time, I was dizzy standing up, my heart raced when I walked up the stairs, and finally on my fourth day taking the medicine I was startled. This had been going on for a couple days, but my head and left shoulder started twitching consistently. I literally could not keep them still. I got worried and called the doctor and was told to stop the drug. I guess it was too powerful for me!
Just got prescribed this drug yesterday. 2 a day for 3 days. Took my first dose in the morning and the second at night, I fell asleep soon after. A few hours later I was woken up with terrible stomach pain and serious nausea. I ended up vomiting several times. After, it felt a little better but then the pains came right back and nausea persists. Cant sleep, don 't think I want to deal with another night of this, hate this medication
I have been on a roller coaster ride ten years trying to lose weight I 'm trying qysemia it 's my third day. My insurance did not cover it so I paid $111 at Costco. so far I have a dry mouth, a little heahache, constipation and bit tired hope this works. Not serious symptoms can deal with it.
COULD NOT STOP EATING! After taking Ritalin for about 1 month, I noticed a strong desire to snack. Just munch on anything; crackers, peanut butter, carrots. Whatever was around. It was like the constant munchies. Then the snacking turned into constant eating after another month. A constant desire to eat in order to feel good. It was as if I didn 't feel well, and only eating would take the edge off. So about 2 months and 10 pounds later, I switched to Adderall. Why this made me eat like mad I 'll never know...
OMG the horrible taste.  But it worked in 30 minutes then kept working for 4 hours.
Fantastic at clearing the sinus infection. I 'm on day 4 and it 's almost completely gone. The first two days were miraculous. But then. Starting day 3 ...My stomach and intestines are rumbling almost constantly and I 'm &quot;pooping&quot; brown water 5+ times a day. I 'm also utterly exhausted and weak, making it virtually impossible to actually do anything. If this gets much worse, I 'm going to have to stop using this before the 10-day course runs out.
At first, this drug is a MIRACLE drug. No binging, just all the right types of eating that I got to control. However, I felt the Vyvanse crash (extremely fatigued, angry, hopeless, and &quot;blah&quot;) every day once I started moving up in dose (above 20mg) because the binging was starting to come back in phases. After switching to 30mg -60mg every other month, to try to find the right doseage, I finally realized the drug wasn 't worth the crash.My psychitarist told me that the crashes were so intense due to the fact that I did not have ADHD so the chemical imbalance is what caused the crash.However, if you are on this drug and do feel the crashes, I 've tried a lot of things to help combat it, the one that works the best is to drink water. 1L a day
I took Zoloft for a few months for depression. I did notice a slight improvement in my mood, but stopped taking it due to side effects. I felt tired most of the time and lost any sexual interest. These side effects disappeared after a week off Zoloft.
I was 21 when I got it and removed it after a year. The insertion wasn 't bad but the side effects were terrible. I went from no cramps to cramping often. Periods were 2 weeks spotting, 1 week HEAVY FLOW. I couldn 't wear tampons as they would immediately leak. It filled a thick pad within 1-2 hours. Constant embarrassment when going out because I would somehow always leak, and it ruined some vacations as I couldn 't swim while on my period. I dealt with this nightmare of only having 1 week/month without a period for a year, thinking my period would go back to normal after 6 months, it never did. My bf could also feel the string poking him when we had sex, which sucked. It may work for some but I definitely would not recommend it.
I have had the last 6 inhalers clogged.  I still have medicine in them and they will not work.  What is going on?  It is undependable!  Asthma is a condition that cannot wait!
I am approaching the 3 year mark. In the first 5 months, I gained 30 pounds! It has become very hard to loose the weight. Other then that period was normal the first year, second year the period was lasting 8+ days, spotting, towards middle of second year my arm has been going numb, it seems to be on a nerve, it will cause cramp like pain starting at the birth control site all the way down to my fingers, extreme lower abd pain and lots of migraines and headaches. I have an appointment to have it removed as I can no longer tolerate all the side effects. I rather take a daily pill then have this any longer.
The longer I take it the more I bleed. I 've had unexplained hair loss. I 've been on it for several months now. The first two months were fine then the next two I had two full periods a month now I 'm having three with no end in site of when I 'll stop bleeding.
Experiencing gastritis
I also have be prescribed gabapentin for neuropathy and most recently for 2 herniated discs in my lower back causing sciatica. The first month was fine and the only side effect was blurred vision and dizziness. Going on month 6 and having horrible insomnia, memory loss, lack of coordination, pain, depression, anxiety. Effecting my job, cannot stand more than 5minutes, 2-4 hrs of sleep max per night. I 'm miserable.
I 've been on Linzess for 1 month 290 mg. I 've tried almost every medicine you could think of. I 've had Irritable Bowel Syndrome since my 20s. Linzess helps with the bloating but am still having problems using the bathroom on a regular basis. Other than that I 've had no adverse side effects.
I was diagnosed with SLE lupus in 2011,  my lupus is mild and has remained mild.  My only ailments are inflammation of my joints, mainly my right hand fingers and my left foot baby toe.  I have been taking the Hydroxychloroquine 200mg Tab twice a day.  I have not found any change to my pain from taking this drug.  I was given pain meds for the inflammation that helps after two weeks of taking them.  I noticed my hair breaking off the past 3 yrs after taking the drug, prior to taking it my hair was growing very well and doing good.  I went to a dermatologist who said my scalp was healthy and gave me shampoo for the itchy scalp and desoximetasone ointment usp 0.05%.  Could this low dose of Hydroxychloroquine cause my hair loss?
I thought I was finally going to find the medication for me. At first it was O.K., I was on a low dose, a few days later when I was on a 5mg twice a day for only 4 days, I had been experiencing trouble concentrating, and woke up to my arm muscle twitching uncontrollably, which continued all night and onto the next day. So I quit the medication and called my MD.
This medicine didn 't make me gain weight or give me terrible mood swings, however, it gave me awful dryness &quot;down there.&quot; This started approximately two an a half months in, during the pack where things got regular and I got my period on schedule.  There was literally nothing at all being produced down there and sex was impossible. The times I tried, I ended up with abrasions and irritation for days afterward (even with lubricant), and became afraid to even do it, which defeats the purpose of birth control. The periods were very light and painless but it totally ruined my sex life.
I 've only been taking this medication for a week so I can 't say whether or not it will work, but so far side effects have been anxiety heightened more than before, which is the primary reason for me taking it. I wake up in full blown panic, and it 's happened throughout the day as well. I have a lack of appetite, and cannot sleep through the night. At one point I even had suicidal thoughts, which I have never had in my life. Keep in mind this medication affects everyone differently.
Very little effect on pain.
I have been recently having bad acne for a year now, I went to my dermatologist and they prescribed epiduo. For the first week it worked great and really helped with my acne. But during the second week thats when it started to get bad. After I would use it my skin would burn and it hurt so bad that I was in tears. Nothing helped the burning but applying ice too it. It also made my face very red and my skin started to flake off. I don 't tend to have sensitive skin either... would not recommend
Well this was my first experience with any birth control and I am not a fan.  I feel bloated, stomach feels weird, back cramps, cystic acne. And the worst part would be the mood swings.  I can get so angry and frustrated and little things .  I get depressed but not in a kind of sad way but in a hopeless will anything ever change, life is messed up.  It 's really hard.  I didn 't gain weight but lost 15 pounds and I only weighed 125 before hand.  I have had it for about three months, getting it removed Monday.  My arm is still sore from the implant but that 's not a huge deal to me.  Wouldn 't really recommend it.
I  have PCOS and worked for years on diet and exercise to regulate my period. But never was able to get to regular to where I could predict it. For about nine months prior I was taking metformin to help and I lost about 16 pounds with it. So My gyn recommended taking birth control to help regulate my cycle.  My period became regular to between 22-24 day cycle.  However I had intense bloating and crazy food cravings, that I have never had before.  My mood swings changed to the point where some months I would be really depressed and down.  Around the 3 or 4 month of being on the pill I started having severe break through bleeding that lasted between cycles and eventually did go away. Once that stopped I was experiencing severe indigestion.
I rated this a 4 because it has been in my arm since December 17th, 2012, and just a few months it finally comes out. I have had nothing but trouble with this thing. My first period on it was 3 months long. 3 MONTHS LONG! I was told that my periods would be lighter, and less time, as a week was my normal. Oh no. Not anymore. When it comes its at LEAST 2 weeks. These past 2 months have been horrendous. I was on 3 weeks, with super bad cramps, off ONE WEEK and its been 2 weeks on again and the cramps are horrifying. I was told several times to let my body adjust, its normal... Its been 2 and a half years, and I 'm not dubbing this  'normal '. This thing cannot come out soon enough. It worked on the not getting pregnant part.
Terrible... Gave it a 3 because yes it works but also gave it only a 3 because of the TERRIBLE side effects. Gained about 40+ pounds in 6 months which is crazy, mood swings, complete and total loss of sex drive, headaches and had a period for 3 weeks and it was completely irregular. The cons out way the pros here. Yes it works as a birth control but do you really
My partner and I finally decided to try some alternate methods of birth control. Nuvaring was my first choice because I 'm too forgetful to try pills and I must say I 've had a mixed experience. I love the fact that I can insert it and forget about it. I don 't feel it during sex and it doesn 't slip out. It got rid of my reoccurring yeast infections, I even grew a cup size. However, I can 't help but notice that I 've gained weight especially around my waistline which almost never happens, and my sex drive has decreased. I exercise regularly so I know it had to be the hormones. I experience extreme mood swings, I 'm a lot more angry, I find myself depressed, have random urges to cry and my periods are just as painful as before. I just may switch soon.
I was prescribed Nucynta 100mg 4x day after years of being on Hydrocodone, tramadol as well as oxycodone for back pain from 3 previous disc fusion surgeries. I have to say that Nucynta did relieve my pain but for only maybe 1 1/2 hours at the most. The side effects are horrible, head ache, stomach discomfort, &quot;trippy&quot; feeling, just to name a few. I would also like to add that I was not in withdrawal from opiates when I took this medication, even though I was having mild withdrawals from the years of Tramadol use and Nucynta did help me with the withdrawal symptoms, somewhat. Even though I do not want to continue opiate usage any longer Nucynta is not the solution for my pain. 
The Ativan gave me relief from the anxiety that was caused by and affecting the Dystonia. However it didn 't treat the Dystonia itself and I ended up having to up my dose all the time and eventually quit taking it because I realized it wasn 't treating the root problem.
so i am 30 years old  two kids. never been on bcp before.  i got on it to make sure not to get pregnant as i am content with just having  two kids. i have only been on it for two weeks. and it has been horrible.  been nauseous and have been having severe headaches, which i never get, and to top it off oh boy i have been EMOTIONAL!!!!has not been fun at all.  figure ill try it for a lil longer but if these symptoms continue i will not be able to handle feeling like this everyday.
I started Victoza 3 months ago but I stopped because I feel my blood sugar is going low and one day it went up to 2.9 so my doctor told me to stop using it.
I have struggled with severe constipation (IBS-C) for years.  NOTHING worked... fiber, laxatives, Rex meds. Linzess worked TOO well and painfully. I can 't leave the house after taking this.  I read on one reviewers post to try Nopalina... I thought, why not, I 've tried everything else.  It definitely helped.  I take Nopalina capsules everyday as directed, and drink LOTS of water and sometimes add Miralax to my routine (if needed). Changed my life!!!
Beware of this birth control. At first I started off with the 1.5 Gildess fe and it was beautiful no breakouts or anything. Since I did well with that, myDoctor upgraded me to Gildess 1/20 and for the past 3 months I started it in March. I have been experiencing the worst side effects. Even with me not missing any pill and taking them at the right time.  I feel like I 'm pregnant and I 'm not. It 's to the point where I had taken 3 pregnancy test and they came out negative and is going to take another test since this medication is really making me think that and I just want to be sure. Talk to your doctor to see what birth control is the best for your body hormones.
Was having some anxiety and depression issues due to many life factors. Was told that Wellbutrin would be a good option and that it was fairly mild. The first few days had the euphoric feeling everyone talks about, but this ended in 2-3 days. After that anger kicked in to the point where I was taking walks at 1am to calm down and relax. From there the weirdness kicked in. A feeling that 's hard to describe but life got very flat. Didn 't feel anything, just flat. I felt like I had a lobotomy or something. At a party last week a friend asked if I was stoned as I looked out of it. Then I forgot to take it one day and I felt great that day, joy, emptions, had fun. I then took it the next day and felt horrible. Cold turkey and happy, not for me
I got the Nexplanon in January of this year (2015). I have been bleeding ever since-8 months later. I 've also been experiencing some pretty bad acne, which I never had a problem with previously.  Exhausted all of the time. Needless to say it 's been a terrible experience.
Thank you ladies for your comments. It 's the only thing getting me through this. I 'm laying on the floor extremely uncomfortable and laughing at people 's descriptions. I got the 3-day. Night 1 seemed fine and helped things. But night 2 is like the evil twin - so much burning and itching. I 'm trying to push through hoping it will subside so I can sleep. Debating about calling the ob in the morning. Don 't know if I can do this again.
This is my 2nd Nexplanon the first go around was fine I didn&rsquo;t experience the mood swings or anything of that nature.. however towards the end I had my period for almost a month straight... my 3 yrs was up and I got it again hoping it would be different and NOPE!! I had my regular period last week and all of a sudden I&rsquo;m starting it yet again! It&rsquo;s starting to become a pain in the butt constantly bleeding and such! Granted I like not having to take a pill but I&rsquo;m starting to not like these frequent periods!
I was on the 0.1 cream started Oct 2014 and ended early March.. I got it for whiteheads and uneven skin tone. After 4 1/2 months whiteheads diminished but left with even more scarring. We are going in to May and my skin hasn 't healed. Just ugly red chickenpox on my face. :( Another con about this product I see that my skin texture isn 't the same. When I was on it it was smooth but after I finished the tube it 's just dull and my pores are huge.  It just looks terrible and so much thinner, and my skin tone is still uneven It 's depressing how much this cream has given me the uglies. It aged my skin 20 yrs. I 'm only 23 and female btw. I don 't know what to do now.
I have been on Anastrozole for 13 months now.  Initially I had some joint pain but that has subsided.  A little weight gain, however after receiving a walking monitor for Christmas I have been on a walking program.  I walk a minimum of 10,000 steps a day.  The result has been a 17 pound weight loss since December.  I feel terrific and am full of energy.  I will soon have my 64th birthday and am overjoyed that I am cancer free and am able to manage the medication.
In a matter of 3 years gained 44 lbs and had numerous softball size ovarian cysts. I ran and ate healthy, no change in diet (trained for marathon) and continued to gain weight. Breast pain and acne.
I 'm getting older and my hormones are changing, (I 'm 28) but being on TriNessa this time around, my breasts have been sore for 2 weeks, and my normally clear skin has now turned into a breeding ground for bright red painful acne cysts.  I 've only been on it for 1 month, but I 'm going to give it a couple more months.  On the bright side, I 'm not pregnant.
I had the implanon inserted in October 2007 and loved it. Absolutely no change in me at all. No periods no weight gain nothing. I then decided to have another in October 2010. Nothing but trouble since. I 'm moody 99% of the time. Have gained weight. Absolutely no sex drive, I 'm 21. Luckily no periods but constantly feel pregnant. Took a test yesterday as I have had very tender nipples for days. Test negative thank god! I 'm so emotional and will cry at the drop of a hat. Been lucky in some respect as I still haven 't had a period. 
The retrograde ejaculation is a terrible
This patch worked amazing at first. Then after a few months I would get bad headaches, double vision, dizziness and even disgusting skin rashes at the patch site once summer rolled around. It does prevent pregnancy but I don 't see myself sticking to this. The cons outweigh the pros.
I  have been taking it for 4 days and on the 3rd day my nose started running all day.  Also, I had sneezing and now a sore throat and cough that hurts.  My GERD was so bad that I had a &quot;cobblestone&quot; throat and it was hard to swallow some foods.  Supposed to be on it for 2 months.  Hope it gets better.  Dry mouth at night and rapid heart beat are no fun either.
Worked well for managing severe depression and some really nasty panic attacks. One really bad side effect: I gained 70 pounds in about 8 months. I was on 20mg. Problem with this medication is it shuts down your metabolism. I was by no means a lazy person, but I still put on a huge amount of weight. I 'm off the drug now and learning to manage my panic attacks and depression in other ways, and I am doing great! Use caution when starting this medicine because you will put on the weight!
I 'm usually skeptical about these posts and the crazy side effects, so I didn 't take them seriously when I was prescribed this medication. I only took 3 doses, and although my symptoms are gone, I had the worst splitting headache I 've ever had, intense nausea and foggy brain/not feeling myself. I skipped my 4th dose and felt completely better within a few hours. I felt worse on this medication than I ever did with a UTI.
I read a lot of bad reviews on Nexplanon but everyone body is different so I still tried it!! I got it inserted in July of 2017 and I spotted for a month when August came I had no period no spotting I thought things were going good!!!! Well September came around and I have been on my period non stop mind you it&rsquo;s now November!!! Its not a heavy period but it&rsquo;s not a comfort. I&rsquo;m going to get it removed first week in December
Trisprintec was the first birth control pill I used.  I choose it because I was told it would help with acne.  (And obviously as a contraceptive). At first, TriSprintec was good for me, it helped my acne (it didn 't completely go away) and my boobs got bigger! And well, I wasn 't pregnant.  However, after two months I began to notice myself having mood swings.  This was so strange for me because I am such a relaxed, chill person.  I couldn 't ignore that I was moody.  Little irrelevant things that happened with my boyfriend would make me very sad/mad and well. I don 't think I 've ever cried as much as I did when I was on this.  It was beginning to interfere with my relationship, so I stopped taking it.  This was just me, so it may be different for you.
Was fine for about a year taking it. After that I was experiencing aura migraines, horrible painful cramps landing my in the ER. And HORRIBLE skin. Before going on it, I had some pimples here and there but it was out of control with cystic pimples. Went off of it, and my skin improved within a month. Rare to get a migraine. Much happier to be off of it!
After 2 years on Depo-Provera I decided to stop because I was concerned about not having my periods.  My period didn 't come back to normal until after 7 months, during this time off Depo I realized that suddenly my mood had improved and I wasn 't sad all the time anymore. I switched to Alesse and now realize how bad Depo was for me. It made me moody all the time.
I 've been on Sprintec for over a year and some months are fine. Others I 'll get horrible cramps 2 weeks into the pill or even get a period that lasts 2 weeks.  Every month it 's something different. I guess you get what you pay for.
I had my Implanon put in October of 2010 when I was 20. The first 6 months to a year were rough. I never felt like hanging out with my friends, never felt like going to my classes, I gained about 20 lbs, I started getting bad breakouts on my face and back, I had no sex drive AT ALL and always felt tired. It has been almost two years and my breakouts cleared up a lot but I still haven 't lost the weight and I still have zero sex drive. My parents, brother, and boyfriend have recently talked to me about getting it out because I 'm just not myself like I used to be. I am having it taken out as soon as possible. The reason I kept it for so long is because it 's so much easier than taking a pill everyday and I haven 't had to pay for birth control.
I have had the Tessalon Perle prescribed for me twice now in the past 6 mos. Neither time has it worked for my cough. I have COPD, and get bronchitis at least twice a year. This by itself will NOT treat bronchitis, you need a antibiotic. In past I 've had a Dr at Urgent Care prescribe a cough syrup with codeine in it because my cough (especially at night when laying down) was so bad I wasn 't sleeping, and abdominal muscles ached from coughing so much.  That was a God send, and is usually the only thing that helps with this type of cough. I have told my Dr to not waste time calling in script for the Perle anymore. It 's a waste of money.
I was using a gram and a half some days 2 grams of powder heroin snorted I found that when I would switch to suboxone I would always be thrown into precipitated withdrawal syndrome no matter if I waited 12 hours or 48 hours also after I was stable on suboxone I still had intense cravings for full opiates I think that suboxone works great for people with lower tolerances or people only using prescription opiates but every person is different but personally suboxone never worked properly for me and I switched to methadone and have stopped using and craving opiates
I didn 't have the severe side effects that some people had with this medication, but I did have so many more papules than usual.  It didn 't burn when I applied it and it did reduce redness.  I stuck with it for just over a week and then I couldn 't stand how bumpy my face was so I stopped.
Switched from Kineret which I was on for 9 years and it wore out, then switched to actemra &amp; was on it for 3 months, it did nothing for me, very little relief, &amp; 40% of my hair fell out, I 'm only 20 years old &amp; I 've had JIA since 7yrs old, still trying to find a remission drug
I started taking this for extremely painful cramps and heavy periods. The ONLY positive effect I 've experienced is that my periods are regular and last 4 days instead of 7. I still need heavy doses of pain medicine for 2-3 of those days to even tolerate my cramps (which of course wrecks my digestive system.) I 'm significantly more moody and emotional. I 've gained about 25 pounds on this pill, even though I eat healthier and exercise more than I did before starting it. I suddenly had terrible acne which lasted for the first 6 months and it eventually cleared up again. My sex drive has also been much, much lower. This pill was my only option because it is chewable and I can 't swallow pills. If you don 't have to take this medicine then don 't.
This drug is very affective but the side effects are kinda crappy!!! I would get stiffness in my neck and spasms in my back that were hard to deal with.
I had a very bad reaction to Dyazide for high blood pressure.  After 3 days, I was overwhelmed by disorientation, heart palpitations, muscle cramps in my feet and legs, dizziness, and nausea.  Although I was drinking a great deal of water, I was found to be severely dehydrated with electrolyte imbalance.
I 'm currently 27 years old. Just Had a baby girl. Mother of 3. Drs told me that I have to wait 3 months before implanting the IUD, Mirena. So I went ahead and got on the depo shot today. The shot was quick and painless. I haven 't felt any symptoms yet. Will keep you updated. Im currently breastfeeding as well. So I honestly do not want any more kids. So hopefully this birth control won 't be as bad as the reviews.
I had been taking Margesic capsules for years for my migraine headaches, I switched pharmacies and the pharmacist had my Dr switch me to foricet because I have no insurance to save me some money,I  know they have the same ingredients but I have found the foricet does not help with the migraines like the Margesic did. Why is this?
I started taking this med about 4 wks ago when my dr gave me samples. I decided to start out with half a pill. And it worked within hours. For years I would maybe have one bm a wk. if I was lucky. So I thought this med was the answer to my problems. I would only take it every few days and was still having a bm daily. My dr decided my dose of pain meds was to high even though I 've been taking that dose for 7 yrs. I ran out of samples 3 wks  ago and insurance won 't pay so even though I haven 't taken it for weeks I 'm still having diarrhea daily. I 'm not sure if it could possibly be from the movantik still or because my pain meds have been cut back. Either  way I 'm miserable and wonder if anyone has had side effects weeks after discontinuing?
I 've been taking this medication for quite a while for Raynaud 's. I was concerned about my naturally-low blood pressure but Doctor said it wouldn 't be affected. Seems that is the case. As far as Raynaud 's, there are a few medicines I take that I describe as &quot;I 'm sure it helps, I 'm not sure how much, don 't want to find out what it 's like without it&quot;. Also, my Raynaud 's is accompanied by Mixed Connective Tissue Disease to complicate matters.
So thankful for everyone 's experiences because I am laying in bed with severe itching and burning from the cream and was having a panic attack that I was having allergic reaction or something . Trying to tough it out but it 's been 30+ min and only slight relief, ugh!!!
I am on day 14 of the starter pack and I have to stop. I have had nausea, vomiting, dizzy spells, blurry vision, drunk feeling. I was stopping Venlefexine and slowly tapering off while starting savella. I had a rash for about 24 hours too. This is the worst side effects from a medication I have ever had. I have also lost about 4 pounds in 3 days because I have not been able to eat.
Puerperal Psychosis: Made me incredibly hungry and then not even remember eating things!  One time I ate 7 doughnuts in one night - I only know this because I found the empty packet the next morning.  I have no memory of eating them.  I put a lot of weight on doing this.
it helped with the mania , but i was always drowsy and could not concentrate , also i gained weight....
So I have been taking it for almost a year now, I am thinking on switching. I have gained 20 pounds over the time I have taken it. Can 't lose the weight either! My cravings are really bad, which also does not help the weight loss. I get super moody at times and I 'm always tired. The first few months taking it, my sex drive plummeted. I didn 't want my man to touch me, look at me, I was so moody. My acne before and after my period is horrendous. The only good thing about this medication is my period is lighter. I received this medication from a Planned Parenthood clinic, I will definitely be going to a GYN next month to change this.
Helps me sleep, but I don 't notice much relaxing of the jaw muscles. I only take 10mg as I don 't like pills, so maybe that is why (says I can take up to 20mg). I haven 't felt some of what others have said in previous reviews.
Suffered from memory loss/lapse and muscle aches/cramps in my legs.  Switched to Crestor and have had no side effects at all.
I 've been on this medication for two weeks and now I 'm experiencing cystic acne and a horrible horrible massive breakout on my face back chest shoulders and even neck! I have never had this bad of acne and I 'm getting worried. My doctor told me that this medication would not do the whole worse before better thing so what 's going on? Please if anyone knows anything please help.
I had my Mirena inserted on Aug 14th and so far other than bloating and spotting, I 'm having a good experience with it. I got mine inserted at planned parenthood and it was uncomfortable but pain was similar to what I experience during pap smears, so not totally undoable. I 'm curious to know when those who mentioned it caused weight gain started to notice it? Because I am already overweight and gaining lbs is not an option. Just trying to get a gage on when I should stop checking the scale relentlessly for any change. Thanks.
For the first few months everything was fine. My periods were short and light and I didn 't experience any cramps. After about a year or so I started gaining so much weight and experiencing mood swings, increased sex drive and tender breasts. I believe the birth control does its job, but the side effects aren 't worth it. I got off of them for awhile and my body felt so much better/ balanced but I got back on to regulate my period again because it came on every 2 weeks. I 'm switching as soon as I can.
I had Implanon inserted in March of 2010 and it was fantastic for the first 8 months. However, shortly after October I began my period, and it continued NONSTOP for the following 5 months until I finally caved and had it removed. Both of my college roommates had it, one a whole 3 years before me. My advice would be to see how you react to hormones before you make this commitment. 
I was referred to GI Dr. due to years of constipation and unproductive trial after trial of every over the counter medication and whollistic remedy known to man, I surrendered and began taking approximately 4 times the suggested dose of OTC stimulant laxative. This went on for 3-4 years and I knew I was dehydrating when began to have cotton eye- (like cotton mouth).So my GI doc prescribed linzess and it worked right away but unfortunately I didn 't know it! Its weird, I had none of the normal sensations of a bowel movement but SHWOOSH there it was and there was no stopping it! It was too late before I even felt anything! Thank God I was home! I have a sensitive awareness of my body and its processes so its not like I have no feeling either
I 've had the nexplanon since 2012, the first round was amazing, no period no side effects what so ever, my second round on the other hand has been pretty bad, I 've had the second round about a year now and a couple months after I got a period and was getting it about twice a month, finally I went to my Gyno and he prescribed me progesterone pills a series of 14 and it stopped finally.. then started back up every other week again, I felt like I was going crazy my mood swings and anxiety were on another lever so finally I got blood work at the endocrinologist Bc I thought some thing was seriously wrong with me. Then I went on this website and saw a lot of similar stories about the nexplanon so I have an appointment in the am to get it removed!
At first this pill was fine. I have been on it for 8 weeks. So far have gotten break through bleeding, mood swings, now I am getting slight acne on my cheeks (I never have acne), also was experiencing vaginal burning and tenderness that has seemed to subside. I was really hoping that if I pressed through this would go away. But I 'm getting married in 6 weeks! I really hoping these side effects calm down.
I got my Skyla placed in March 2015 - I 'm 21 and never had kids. The insertion was terribly painful and I stayed in pain for about 3 or 4 days. I 've bled/spotted for most days out of the month since I got it put in. I 've gained a lot of weight with this IUD and my acne has gotten a lot worse. I went to my doctor about my bleeding and after looking at it, he said that everything was fine and there was nothing that he could do to stop the bleeding/spotting and I would have to deal with it until it went away on it 's own. I would get this removed early but because of how painful it was to get it inserted, I 'm terrified that it 's going to hurt just as bad. As far as keeping me from getting pregnant, it 's 100% effective. I wouldn 't recommend.
I have been taking this pill for over a year. I only got on the pill because I get serious cramps. The pill gives me a lighter period on time every month and no cramps at all. BUT I have NO SEX DRIVE at all. I 'm completely dry and my boyfriend is sick of it.
This is my first go with birth control; I have been on the patch for 6 months and I am not that impressed. It has resolved some issues but also made some things worse. Before Xulane, I would get debilitating vomiting during my period but cramps were scarce. It was heavy and I would often get headaches. Now that I 'm on Xulane, I haven 't thrown up at all and headaches are scarce but cramps have been made so much worse. It 's to the point where I wake up in the middle of the night because it hurts so bad and I can 't just sleep it off. On top of that, I 'm getting two periods - very heavy &quot;spotting&quot; a week before it 's supposed to come and then another period the week I 'm off the patch. I chose the patch because I have a hard time swallowing pills, but I think I 'm going to have to reconsider this method and probably switch to pills.
I have been taking this for 10 years. I originally was prescribed this for anxiety and panic attacks, which I think was a side effect of undiagnosed depression.  It works great for that.  However, it does absolutely nothing for depression for me.  I am switching to Prozac soon because this is like taking nothing for depressive symptoms. I was also on Pristiq, and I will say for me Zoloft is better simply because I don 't have rage fits and mania like I do on Pristiq.
Worst experience ever! I hate it I have been taking the tri-sprintec and I can 't take it anymore, the side effects are just out of control, I gained weight within the first two weeks of taking it and I don 't eat a lot just regular three times; then I started breaking out horribly the first week which I have never had a problem with acne my skin has always been clear of acne. And don 't let me get started with the mood swings. This has been such a horrible experience with this birth control. I know all body 's are different, but I wouldn 't recommend it. I 'm on my third week and I 'll finish the month. But after that I 'm not taking it.
I was put on Leostrin 24 FE to help regulate my period but to also control the bleeding. I was put on this a year ago, and it worked great, then 7 months ago, I would and would not get my period. I talked to my doctor about the problem she said it was normal. I recently started getting my period twice a month.
So my doctor prescribed me this medication to help with my irregular &amp; heavy cycles that normally last up to 7 days &amp; would skip months some times. I had a cycle earlier this month and when I went to visit the obgyn about my issues he gave me a pap while my cycle was in the process of going off. He instructed me to start my pills that following Sunday &amp; every since I started I have been bleeding in between lasting up to 3 to 4 days is this normal? Do I have to continue taking the pills for awhile in order for it to work as it should &amp; give me a normal cycle? I 'm now having my 3rd mini cycle this month since I been taking these pills &amp; I 'm about fed up that I 'm bleeding this much I have one row of pills left in this pack Hopefully it work soon
I began taking this pill in August 2015. I have since gained 15 pounds that I can not get rid of and for the past two months, I 've had two periods a month. Needless to say, I called my doctor and asked to change. This pill was the worst I 've ever taken.
I did my first shot 10 days ago, side effects were the worst I 've ever experienced on a medicine....extreme nausea, headache, vomiting and the diarrhea was extreme and very bad smelling with bad smelling sulfur like burps. I thought maybe I caught a bug, but after reading others side effects I 'm sure it was the shot. My husband is totally against me taking it again and I 'm now agreeing with him. Yeah my sugars went down because I couldn 't eat for almost 9 days and nausea medicine didn 't help at all. You lose weight because you can 't eat. I was really hoping this would help because I don 't want to go on insulin. I finally took something for the diarrhea and am feeling almost normal again.
I got mine in February the first 3 months were just like my regular period I bleed for 7 instead of 5, now it 's July 30,2015 and I 've been bleeding since June 24,2015im miserable I can 't go to the pool or the beach, or enjoy simple thing with out having to worry about staining my clothes or wearing a pad, it 's very frustrating I 'm going to talk to my doctor about taking it out
Caused quite severe gastro intestinal issues for me
I was prescribed this medicine to help with my erratic periods. It was great, at first. About eight months into it, I became anemic from heavy bleeding and had nine day periods instead of four. I 've also experienced spotting eight months into taking it.
Controlled neural activity for a while but ended up being hallucinogenic, thus it could no longer be used.
No migraine, but really bad reaction to just 3 nightly doses of 25mg (the symptoms got worse each day before I stopped).  Same thing happened to a friend.  Struggled to breathe (had to breathe deeply with each breath and even took an inhaler to see if that would help).  I felt disoriented, dizzy, and like I was walking under water with blurry vision.  I was extremely lethargic and had trouble climbing a flight of stairs without getting winded.  I was having sharp pains throughout my body (breasts, stomach &amp; back). My heart felt like it was beating really hard (not fast, just through my chest).  My face and arms were tingling.  I had a really bad taste at the back of my mouth and everything I ate/drank tasted weird. I 'd prefer the migraine.
Only on day 7 of this pill and my chest, back and face are broken out completely! I have bumps literally everywhere. Little clusters of bumps are popping up too! My breasts are starting to hurt and I 've had bad menstrual cramps today! I 'm also super emotional as well. Cried all evening for no reason and got so mad I thought my chest was going to explode. So mood swings are definitely a side effect. Maybe I 'll see some better effects in the next month!
Where do I start,  I was feeling so icky and found out I had a double ear infection.  My doctor decided to put me on Bactrim.  That was the worst medication ever.  I 've had back pain, dizziness and nausea ever since starting it.  The other odd side effect is the nasty perfume taste and smell I keep smelling. 
This is the third week of the blue pills and I 've started my period. Keeping in mind that I had the same problem with Apri, I went along with it. I was not prepared for the killer cramps, migraines, nausea, throwing up, loss of appetite, extreme mood swings. I feel unmotivated and am having suicidal/negative thoughts.
I 've had Implanon for about 2 years and I can 't wait to get it out. The things I experienced were very heavy bleeding, cramps and not just normal cramps the worst I 've ever felt, spotting, pain during intercourse, mood swings, and loss of sex drive. All of these things come and go accept the loss of sex drive. Before insertion I was sex crazy now it 's a hassle just to get ready. I bled for long periods at first but after a few months it would come and go. I will bleed then stop for a long period. The reason I rated it a four is because I am not pregnant.
I 'm 42 years old I was given generic birth control for yaz not to prevent pregnancy but to help me with my hotflashes and irregular periods. I was on for 1 year &amp; 1/2 years and I notice I was developing muscle leg cramping , red spider veins on my legs. I read how it could be dangerous if you develop blood clot because of birthcontrol I discontinue the use but now I 'm back of hotflashes no leg cramping but hotflashingAre very uncomfortable I get moody any one knows what I can use to help me with hotflashes ..please help
I switched to this med because my last med put me in a horrible fog (Atripla) . Triumeq is working for me but it gives me pretty bad body aches especially in my lower back where my kidney area is and around my under arms. If I have an alternative I will switch. It makes me feel pretty crappy
I was on Aviane for six months and in that 6 months, my head has become itchy, flaky, red and inflamed. 
I am on my second day of using naproxen due to my really bad period pain. I usually have to take time off work and am left crying in pain for the first few days of my period. So far, the only thing that naproxen has stopped for me is the pain that makes me cry. The pain is still very strong. 
I 'm 5 '2 145 pounds. I 've been on this pill for only 2 days. 1 pill a day and I have anxiety really bad nauseous and dizzy. I have no appetite really. I think I need to stop this pill. Good luck to everyone that it 's working for with no side effects.
I had the Implanon implant inserted in April of 2009.  I have gained 12 pounds. I can 't lose the weight though I work out 3 to 4 days a week. I have ridiculous food cravings.  I can 't eat enough carbs! My breasts stay so tender and I have zero sex drive.  This is horrible as I am a newlywed.  I started to spot so my GYN had me on the Vivelle Dot for 3 months. After going to the ER with a migraine, I stopped the estrogen patch. I have now been spotting for 6 weeks with weeks of significant bleeding. I can 't wait to have this removed. Oh and did I mention the anxiety!
I have been on Seasonique for about a year now, and I need to get off of it immediately. When I start a new pack, everything goes great for the first 4 weeks. Once I hit the 5th week, I have non stop bleeding until I start an entire new pack. 
I 've been on ambient for a year.  When I first started taking it , it work great,  only thing I would wake up and eat during the night and not know it, the next morning I would find the evidence.  The past week I have got to where it 's not working like now it 's 4:30 am and I 'm not asleep yet!!  I 'm on 5m so wondering if maybe I should ask doc to raise it to 10. I 'm just afraid if I go up 5 more if it will give me any weird side effects.  But I can 't keep doing this, I need sleep!
Started taking abilify and I noticed my mood became nothingness. I didn 't feel happy nor sad. I just felt nothing. Has anyone experienced the same things? Prior to the feelings of nothingness, the night before (after a took it), I started becoming manic then about an hour later, I started becoming suicidal. Took Benadryl and became calm and sleepy. My manic and depression episodes were usually on a day-to-day basis whereas when I took abilify, it shifted within an hour or so. Also, the side effects were so bad I couldn 't get out of bed. Felt very dizzy with headache, wanted to puke, heart rate was faster than usual, loss of appetite, and weak (very weak).
My mild anxiety had been building for yrs when I decided to seek help for it. At that time, I had only experienced one panic attack after a health scare (heart palps from over exercising). It wasn 't until I sought help to control my stress that I was prescribed Prozac. Started having panic attacks and taken off. Started taking buspar. 1st few wks were really rough (brain zaps). It kept me from having panic attacks but I still experienced moderate anxiety every day. After 8 wks, I started to experience depression for no reason and intrusive thoughts. Nothing like I ever experienced before. So I went back down, depressive thoughts came back. Tapered off. Lightheadedness, ear ringing and brain fog persisted the entire 3 mo. I was on it.
I decided to start taking sibutramine to lose weight that I had gained last year. I chose this because you can use it long-term, unlike the stimulants. When I first started it I barely noticed any effects (15mg). My weight was 240lbs starting. Then, about a week in I started to notice a major reduction in appetite and was doing quite well. I was able to get down to 231lbs in 1.5 weeks. Sadly this weight loss came with major dysphoric side-effects, such as tremors, anxiety, muscle twitch, insomnia, mood swings, akathesia, etc. It felt like I was poisoned/going crazy. Therefore, I had to stop it. I wish I could have continued as the weight loss was going great. Bad reactions stopped after discontinuing the sibutramine.
I 'm only rating it a 3 so far as I 'm on day 2. I went to urgent care pregnant with a chronic cough. I usually get sinus infections but since I 'm pregnant they couldn 't X-ray me. Day 1 within a half hour I felt sharp stomach pains and my stomach was rumbling. It ended up being diarrhea. I slept just fine at night. I woke up with my cough again. I think my cough improved a little bit on day 2 but I am still coughing a lot. I experienced sharp pains in my stomach and through my vagina. I 'm hoping for more progress with this Medicine. As is, I was very hesitant to take it since I 'm pregnant but if there is an induction I wanted to not pass it along to the baby.
Implanon does it 's job, but I do have really crazy mood swings and I have gained 10 pounds since I 've had it in (even though I workout regularly). I have periods every other month (light flow but the worst cramps). Don 't know if I can deal with it anymore. Not really used to the changes.
Paxil was the first medicine I was ever diagnosed with for general anxiety and depression. Yes, the medicine did stop the anxious crazy non stop thoughts, but it also stopped everything else. I didn 't care about anything &amp; nothing bothered me. There was one point I almost got fired at work (or came very close to it) &amp; I honestly did not have a nervous bone in my body, blank faced I listened to what my boss told me I did wrong &amp; said &quot;k&quot; then went on with my day. In other words, you just don 't care. Paxil was very weird for me... For the first few days I would feel calm, then for about 2 days I 'd get this high that made me feel finally like myself again! Then I would feel like a Zombie. I felt like my mouth was glued shut &amp; couldn 't laugh.
Minor side effects the first week. I have mild to moderate plaque psoriasis for 30 years. I have been using ultravate cream and an in home light therapy unit with moderate success. I have been using Otezla for almost 4 months with little to no improvement. I will discuss with my doctor and probably continue for another month and then stop.
I took 2 pills for constipation. This pill cleans you out, but its so painful! 2 to 3 hours later you start to cramp. It just gets worse and worse. I had some chest discomfort..that wasn 't expected. They went away within a minute or so. Anyways the cramping is extremely painful and you feel super sick it 's just like a stomach flu! It 's been hours and I am still having the effects off and on. As much as I 'm glad to not be constipated anymore...the pain was so bad I don 't think it is worth it. If you want to take this, expect brutal cramping and pain. From these comments, it happens to a lot of us.
My experience was very mixed. I have to say it was effective in preventing pregnancy and not having to worry about taking a pill was wonderful. However, I spent one month on my period and sometimes one month off, usually 2-3 weeks off. That 's really effective in preventing pregnancy when you 're constantly on your period. Oh and the mood swings? Terrible. I couldn 't even stand to be around myself. It also killed my sex drive and made me tired all the time. Just a warning to potential users. It 's not all peachy and period free! Two months post removal I 'm finally starting to feel like myself again.
Took it for a week.  Slept fine a couple of nights.  Felt like a heavy, drugged sleep.  Didn 't do anything a couple of nights.  Stopped taking it after I woke up finding myself standing up at the end of the bed swinging my arms around to get rid of imaginary parrots I heard in the bedroom.
I have had amnestic episodes: I have had conversations with my spouse that at time were extremely distressing to him- the next day I would have no memory the discussions. I have walked in my sleep. A few times I was saved from hurting myself e.g. thinking (telling him) that I was going to the bathroom but starting to sit down before I got there and luckily caught by my husband - or I might have struck my head if he had not caught me.  ( I didn 't remember those times as well). But my strange behavior started to worry my husband -a loving and devoted spouse.I have gone onto the internet while on Ambien and bought items. At first I was puzzled by unexpected deliveries of whatever I had bought- I realized the impact of Ambien on my life.
Started this drug in January, 2016.  My Primary Care prescribed this drug, because he said it was new on the market, and would help diabetes kidney issues.   My blood pressure is normal from taking Cardizem.  Started with coughing issues in January.  Dr prescribed 10 days of Prednisone with Mucinex DM and Probiotics.  Still kept coughing.  Sometimes the cough was proactive/dry.  Called my Doctor on Feb 22, 2016 because my left ear stopped up for a couple of hours and still have the coughing issues.  Prescribed another bout of Prednisone.  Went to see Primary Care on Fri 26th Feb, 2016 with coughing issues and wheezing which isn 't good for my COPD.  Did the nebulizer. Didn 't work, so now I am in the Hospital with lung issues.
I got Mirena over 6 months ago it has been a rollercoaster.  My periods haven 't stopped they 've become worse.  I bleed for 8-10 days straight.  Last month I had 2 periods. . I am hoping it will get better.  My Dr gave me birth control pills today to help steady my periods. .. So far it 's not going well but I will give it another 2 months in hopes it will get better!
I hate this drug! I feel exhausted all the time on it and it does not help at all! My doctor told me I can no longer take Zofran during the first trimester due to a study that said there  might be issues, so she put me on Diclegis first. I have tried it for 2 weeks and am absolutely miserable! I am still throwing up and have nausea all day and night. I have always had horrible morning sickness and was hoping this would work. Sadly it does not all it does is make me want to sleep all day long! To make things worse, even with my insurance cover most of the cost it still cost over $80.00 for a month supply. That is crazy!
I 've been on this thing two years. I have gained over 30 pounds. This is the biggest I 've ever been. I thought I was losing my mind. I hardly ever want to have sex and I get down and depressed for no reason. I 'm generally a happy person. Sometimes I feel so grumpy for nothing. I used to spot or have weird long periods but I don 't anymore. This past year I have not had a period at all. I have horrible cramping though. Sometimes I feel like going to the ER its so bad. I thought it was due to my hypothyroid but after reading these reviews I 've decided this could be a big factor as well. I 'm really considered just getting my tubes tied. I 'm tired of putting these hormones in my body just to not get pregnant. I 'm getting it removed.
Unable to control blood pressure consistently.  Just had a stroke.  Bp shoots up at night.
I 've only been on trinessa lo for about a week and a half but ever since I started my mostly clear skin has exploded with acne so I 'm stopping before it gets worse :/
I found the weight loss experience to be excellent.  HOWEVER, this Rx is so dangerous, that after 3 weeks I ended up with a first time ever serious gout episode with permanent tophi on my fingers, and also kidney stones.  Finally, after stopping, I continued some weight loss, but also became seriously depressed, and fatigued.... This is NOT a good idea unless you are already at risk for death from your obesity.
@Colbak - I too had the sling surgery. It took care of the laughing, coughing, etc. accidents. I had difficulty emptying my bladder. I couldn 't sit to urinate, I had to squat like a linebacker. I had to go pee every 30 minutes. And when I had to go, I went from no urge to running and barely getting my pants down. My urologist said that I could a. Have the injection. b. Have bladder snipped to &quot;undo&quot; the surgery. Or c. Go to a dr. in Pittsburgh (close to me) and have a pacemaker type device put in. I got the injection a little over a week ago. The first day I was really crampy. Now, I can 't fully empty and its getting worse everyday. I thought it was a UTI ,but now I have to self cath. I also go (trickle) every 15 min. Grrr! Hope this helps!
A lot of people seem to get on great. 3-4 hours of intended effects is all I get, during that time I feel more motivated, social and can process information better. After that time I am even worse than I was before starting the meds! Depressed, irritated, withdrawn, empty, angry, really bad.It 's like the the 12 hours it 's supposed it last, more than half of it is just a really long come down. I will be asking for instant release Dextroamphetamine next time, I assume and hope that they will be just like the initial period of this med which is perfect and helps with all my adhd symptoms.
It 's not a bad medicine; works wonderfully for many others, but not so much for me. Effexor XR gave me some energy and got rid of my insomnia. That 's about it. I think if I was on another medication, I would have more energy than Effexor has to offer. It worked better the third and forth week of taking it.
I 'm in my 60 's - 5 '6 - 128 lbs - have been taking HCTZ for a few years, it worked fairly well but last few times I 've had blood pressure checked it has been high- 158/106. Taking 25 mg. No problems with excessive urination or other side effects (thinning hair??), Might need another medication.
I 've been on Apri for a week and a half and have had very bad crying spells out of no where and depression. I have to use the bathroom every like 30 minutes. And my acne has gotten worse.
I had shaky legs so bad and could not sleep.  My primary care doctor prescribed Requip, but I had awful side effects on Requip.
This drug did not work for me as I am unable to take any hormones. I managed to take it for 8 weeks before stopping. I started getting a period after about week 6 and it continued on and off right up until I stopped taking the drug. When I started getting my period I still had the same symptoms (severe cramping, back pain, exhaustion, etc) that I started taking the drug for to begin with.
Norvasc has lowered my blood pressure from 160/102 to about 110/80 on 10 mg.  The side effects are debilitating for me.  I have horrible chest pains and unable to do much without exhaustion.  I have lost so much weight due to lack of appetite.  Dr. does not want to take me off because I have difficulty finding anything that lowers my blood pressure. I am also on Atenolol.
I have been on this birth control for 3 months now. Since starting I have been nothing but sick. Every time I eat I 've been sick afterwards. I haven 't gained weight, my breasts have increased in size but are tender. I stopped taking it. 
I had nexplanon inserted during march of 2015, the first 2 months I noticed no changes. These last 4 months however, I have developed AWFUL acne on my neck and chin and face. It does not go away. I have gained 20 pounds, and have mood swings that are uncontrollable. I am 20 years old and dread going to college everyday as well as work because I am so embarrassed by these side effects. Also, I get my period every other week. Added to that, after sex the 3 days following I bleed. So basically I bleed all month. I have decided to have it removed (it is now September 2015) and I am so excited to be done with this.
My 7 year old son has been on Vyvanse for a little over a month.  We have been well pleased with the overall outcome.  He is now able to focus in school and actually sits down and completes his homework without argument. Much calmer in public, unlike before.  Downside, he has lost 4 pounds in a month and becomes very emotional if taken off for the weekend and put back on.  After 1 1/2 months, my son now has developed eye tics.  We have stopped the medication and the eye tics are beginning to subside.
I got on this med due to breakthrough bleeding and periods on my last med(ortho-try-cylen) . So far I 've had no issues with bleeding. But I 've been nauseous every time I take it with a headache almost daily, more depressed and anxious, I feel angry a lot of the time, and my sex drive is almost completely gone. I get shooting pains through my right ovary and recently took a trip to the ER due to unbearable tearing pains in my ovaries. Needless to say I 'm not going to continue this med. Maybe its just me but I wouldn 't suggest this one if you don 't want to vomit almost daily.
I have had Skyla for about two months now. I have had spotting everyday, some light days and then experience some heavy days. It is really uncomfortable being on my period for two months now because I can 't wear any of my cute undies and have to stay in these dreadful undies so my nice ones won 't get ruined! As of right now, I hate my IUD. I wish I would have gotten the pill but I know I wouldn 't remember taking it everyday. I hope in this next month the spotting and mild cramping goes away! Definitely going to call my doc and ask if it 's normal to have your period for almost 2 months. Hope this helps some of you!!
Methotrexate was damaging my lungs (fibrous complications) so my Rheumatologist put me on 5mg. Xeljanz twice daily. The Humira/Methotrexate combination I was using previously worked very well for me except for the lung problems. I 've been using the Xeljanz for about a month and it 's not been good. My hands and feet hurt a lot more and all the time. I see my doctor in a couple of weeks so I 'm hoping he can come up with something more effective.
My 8 year old son has been on this mediation for 1 year and a half. He started at 20mg now he is taking 40mg. I have noticed that it does not seem to work and after trying for 9 months to get him off and on something else I am going to take him to a different doctor. Given the fact that after 9 months it is still not working another doctor would try something different but his Doctor just keeps upping the dosage. I have also noticed side effects that disturb. It worries me because my son is usually happy go lucky all the time and with this medicine he is VERY EASILY upset, not himself at all. SO PLEASE BE AWARE OF EVERYTHING YOUR CHILD DOES OR ACTS WHILE TAKING THIS MEDICATION.
I use a pill form it said to take 3 for my age. I did so, did around at 7 pm. It did not work until the next day at 8 am I woke up feeling like I have to poop but I actually vomited everything I ate the night before I got the shakes n fainted for a few seconds. Now its later I. The day n I 'm doing diarrhea but now there blood I assume...still feel constipated
About 3 weeks now, I feel a little better, but I almost feel like I 'm on speed. It increased my anxiety and heart beat so much, I could not be comfortable. And I couldn 't sleep that well. Not working for me!
I got nexplanon inserted in Feb 2015, at first I didn 't have any problems with it. I was spotting unexpectedly but I didn 't really find that a huge issue. Now we are in November; 9 months later and I hate my life. I am always upset, angry, depressed, bitchy, unhappy etc.. Everything bothers me. I have put some weight on but I 'm not sure if its the lack of exercise or the birth control. I am always tired, I have a toddler which can explain the exhaustion but even if I get a good night sleep, I am always sleepy and tired and don 't want to do anything. THE WORST side effect thus far has been my sex drive. its on the floor.Its ruining my relationship and my life. This nexplanon is a devil from the grips of dante 's inferno.
This med worked for me years ago but this time after taking it for 2 days I 'm worse (50 mg). Bad headache, stomach upset, and anxiety. My pharmacy switched generics &amp; that also could be part of the problem. I am a mental wreck &amp; a shell of my former self. I really just want to stay in bed all day. I don 't have a psych just a GP. I also have horrible OCD &amp; every decision I make I feel is wrong. I have refills left on my Celexa &amp; that worked a little better but didn 't do the trick. I asked my GP for Wellbutrin at my last visit &amp; for some reason she didn 't want to give it to me.
Since the beginning of this year (2015) I have been experiencing bouts of insomnia at an increasing rate. First just a night or two once a month to a week or so once a month. My doc prescribed temazepam 30 mg at bedtime. I took it and it worked like a charm but when I wouldn 't take it I 'd be back to insomnia all night long. After a month of taking it every night I began sleep walking. I would get out of bed and go to various rooms in the house and sometimes wake up and be confused. I tried to quit it but I was a total wreck that day, high anxiety, heavy pulse, elevated blood pressure almost like a panic attack. It 's a controlled substance. I am off it now. Nasty stuff it forces you to sleep. I am going to try Elavil and see how that works.
The only reason I didn 't rate this pill a 1, is because it did clear up my skin, which is initially why I switched to Ocella. I was on BeYaz for 3 months and loved it, and when I learned my insurance did not cover it, I quickly had to switch to a similar generic birth control. Which I thought Ocella was always compared to BeYaz. So let me just say it did wonders for my skin. HOWEVER, within a week of taking the pill, I noticed a huge change in my mood. I was really sad all of the time, especially at work. It only went down from there. After 5 weeks on Ocella, I had an anxiety attack at my boyfriends house and the following week I experienced the heaviest depression I have ever felt in my life. I had horrible thoughts, felt hopeless and dowN
I was prescribed this a year ago, for endometriosis. It was for pain and heavy flow. For pain, I found them ineffective, and just as the comment below me says I found myself getting far more cramping. So it seems to make the pain worse for me. However, I still take this on really bad months. It has helped the heaviness. I was originally prescribed that when I had a period going for over 2 months and when I took it for less than a week my period stopped. So if I ever get periods that refuse to go away I resort back to this. It seems to have mixed reviews. I have aso tried Naproxen, this works better for pain but does nothing for the heaviness. But really helps with cramping.
I started taking this pill because of extremely heavy, painful and irregular periods. The first six months were great, I had very light bleeding, no cramps and my periods were very regular. Around my sixth month I got terrible acne, I only ever had a pimple here and there and I got cystic acne around my chin and cheeks. Now forward to the ninth month, I 've been feeling very depressed, cry all the time and just feel like a mess. I also suffer from severe nausea. I 'm ending this packet, and then I 'm switching to a much lighter pill which will hopefully help me.
I was diagnosed with PMDD about 9 months ago, after tracking symptoms with my Gynecologist. We tried the Yaz/Zoloft treatment (25mg) for three months, one week prior to your period. The first month, it worked like a charm. The second, I started feeling off, almost numb to things. By the third, I was a basket case. This is also when the weight gain kicked in - I gained almost 15 lbs in 5-6 weeks. If I wasn 't depressed before, this definitely did the trick. My Doctor then took me off the Yaz/Zoloft regimen and opted to stop my periods altogether, to stop the monthly hormone fluctuation. I have been on Seasonique for three months and it has been amazing! I am finally feeling back to myself after almost a year.
I started Vyvanse about 5 months ago.  My doctor first had me on Focalin which helped, but didn 't seem to get me all the way there.  Since I have generalized anxiety disorder he started with Focalin.  He said Focalin was a gentler medication.  After about 2 weeks he started Vyvanse at 20mg. I really started to like the medication: more focus, motivation.  I have worked my way up to 50mg.  After a couple of weeks on each dose, the medication doesn 't last the whole 12 hours.  I do really like the medication.  I just hope that I don 't have to keep going up with the dosage.
I 'm 47 years old. Was diagnosed with rheumatoid  arthritis about four months ago when I was having severe pain in my left hand. Was put on prednisone which made me feel horrible. I weaned myself off of it and since then my arthritic pain has increased by 100%.  I also have polycystic kidney disease and hypothyroidism. I 'm very leery about starting any kind of biologic because of this. Has anyone found any relief with supplemental treatments.
All I can remember of taking this drug are the side effects. It became difficult to walk two miles in the morning, the distance I could swim comfortably slowly reduced and my legs started to swell. Between starting treatment and my next visit to the doctor was three months. He was very surprised. This drug has an excellent reputation for the treatment of type 2 Diabetes but take care.
My doctor switched me to this, I was on Ocella before this. So far, I 've been on this stuff for just about a month. No acne or weight gain. However, I have been having the WORST mood swings I have ever had in my life. I feel like a crazy person. I am definitely calling my doctor after Christmas to switch back to Ocella. 
After my UTI reoccurred, my doctor prscbd me Macrobid. I took the new antibiotics about 9 days after completing the Cipro antibiotics and I felt better after the 3rd day of using the pills. I did have neon urine which was typical. There was a drastic change with my sleeping pattern, all I wanted to do was sleep. Fatigue was a side effect. I woke up to a headache/unsettled stomach (ate a heavy meal w/ pill) a few times. Now 7 days in, my old symptoms are back up. I didn 't drink as much H20 the first few days, but I 've since amped the amount of water I intake. I also bought Cranberry pills to hopefully help clear it up. Don 't feel like throwing out more cash or another doctors visit.
I started this birth control a few months ago and it has made me into a hormonal mess! One of the side effects is anger and I didn 't realize it till yesterday when I didn 't speak to my husband for 30 mins all because he wouldn 't turn the radio station off when I didn 't want to listen to a song. I have never gotten so upset over something to silly. There 's other instances but that was just the one that made me realize I need to get on a different pill.
Well I took this to help get the pipes moving when they hadn 't for a few days on a camping trip. First night back at home and I took of them with a lot of water  at 11:30 pm.  Within 2 hours the GI cramping started, and continued and got progressively worse, sweats, nausea. The pipes moving sound loud rumbles started at about 4 am and continued through about 5 pm.  It was awful.. awful. Colonoscopy prep was better. I don 't think I 'll use this product again. I would not reccomend this to anyone.
So I came to the conclusion I had a yeast infection after I had terrible itching and burning after having sex. My friend recommended monistat so I got the 1 day version. I had no problems during insertion and I put the anti itch cream on and went to bed. I fell asleep with no problem but a couple hours later I woke up with INSANE itching and burning. I went and rinsed off my vajayjay with cold water and patted dry then got an ice pack and clean cloth the wrap it in and put it between my legs. The itching and burning lasted about 45 minutes but I fell back asleep and when I woke up later my vagina felt great! I think the infection is mostly if not all the way gone. But the itching and burning sucked a lot so weigh your options.
I started Junel 2 months after I had my baby, and it immediately made me gain 10 pounds. It also made me depressed, anxious and crazy moody. I know it 's the pills because I was maintaining my weight well after I gave birth and was not feeling depressed at all. I 've decided to finish up the pack and not take any birth control pills after this at all, although it did make my periods lighter, it was not worth it for me.
I had my first seizure February 2014 and was prescribed Keppra. I took it for a while and experienced all the symptoms as everyone else: depression, fatigue, mood swings, hallucinations, etc. You name it I had it. I had no energy and all I could do was sleep. I got tired of living like that and one day decided to stop taking them, bad move. It was fine for 4 days, I was energized and happy but on that day I had another seizure. I told my doctor and he changed my prescription to Trileptal. I have been on it since that day and the only side effect I think I have would be hair thinning.
over the last 2 years anxiety, panic attacks, stress levels &amp; insomnia have creeped in with vengeance. At first the Dr put me on mirtazapine which didn 't work for me at all -awful side effects, it made me really restless, snappy &amp; totally lowered my mood more then it already was before starting the medication. The Dr then put me on 50mg trazodone which so far I have only been using for 2 weeks. So far for me personally it hasn 't worked any sort of wonders, the only way I can describe It is that I don 't feel so much all over the place if that makes sense and unfortunately it hasn 't helped with my sleep at all. But I 'm only on my second week in, hopefully after another few weeks it might start to balance its self out.
When taking cialis 5mg once a day I have noticed very little effects of the meds if any.  I took two at the same time and what a great improvement. Is this safe to do
Well my experience with this is ok it was good because I had no cramps with my period it was lighter and shorter my cyst didn 't bother me anymore. And all that was great but I gained weight like15-20 lbs. If I forgot a pill I would get my period I also developed a lil hair on my face I, stopped taking them 2days ago and my period is back again second one in ten days
I used Yaz on and off for several years and the first month was always the hardest: fatigue and extreme irritability. Your energy reserves should not be spent trying to keep rage in check. Nevertheless, after that adjustment period, I leveled out somewhat and experiences some pro 's: clearer skin, fuller breasts, no noticeable weight gain (though I diet like a jockey) and of course no babies. Period was mercifully light (2-3 days) and PMS was slightly minimized (but still acknowledged by boyfriend). My libido slowly started to ebb.By the 2nd or 3rd month, moderate depression. By the 4th, severe. By the time I started having suicidal thoughts, I decided to switch to a less psychologically harmful method of birth control: abstinence.
I have just started taking paroxetine. I 'm on my 8 day suffering some side affects such as mood swings nervousness hopefully it will get better soon, I 'll let you know.
I have been on this pill for 3 months now &amp; I have to say it has been awful!! I do not feel like myself, I 'm really irritable, angry, depressed, &amp; my sex drive is GONE. I 've been working out daily &amp; eating right &amp; still gaining weight. I 've also got awful period acne breakouts on Cryselle. The only positive things are that the pill does it 's job and my periods are 4 days max (they 're also light).
I had Mirena inserted in February while I was on my cycle. The insertion wasn 't killer, the pain came after when I was leaving the doc. Felt like pulling over &amp; crying. The next day was all good. I bleed through April. It stopped for about 3 weeks &amp; now the bleeding is back with a vengeance. I 'm bleeding like crazy. I hope it quits soon.
I switched from Suboxone 16mgs to Bunavail 8mgs and I have to say that it hasn 't been a great experience for me. After adhering the Bunavail buccal film to my cheek, they curl up and leave an unpleasant sticky substance all over my mouth. Now, just the sight of the Bunavail packets make me  feel like I want to gag. The half dose rule also really feels wrong to me. The first week took a lot of work to get used to. I am getting the Probuphine implant soon and can 't wait until I don 't have to get scripts filled anymore let alone use this cumbersome medication that is Bunavail.
I use to have the mirena for 3 years but during the 3rd year I started having side effects so I got the Lyza pill because I have migraines. I started in October 2016 and I 'm always bleeding I 'll stop bleeding for a week and then start bleeding again my cramps are worse I get really depressed idk what to do -  I don 't want kids right now I 'm married 
Due to my genetics and hormone imbalances it is really hard for me to lose weight no matter how hard I try. My dr prescribed me saxenda and I was hoping this would help. It does, but looking at the studies people only lost about 20 lbs in a year. That seems pretty useless. Though it does work by killing your appetite and pretty much turning you off from food. So I did lose 10 lbs in a week but mostly bc I wasn 't eating. However, it is not worth the god awful side effects. The injection stings and left little bruises. The first few days I was just a little queasy, then the nausea got worse, the stomach cramps and mix of constipation and not. Then came the awful sour stomach and reflux and the vomiting. After 2 weeks I 'm done.
After three weeks on Copaxone, I broke out in hives.
I have been administering Egrifta now for 2 1/2 month 's, with absolutely no reduction of abdominal fat. I am a thin person with my abdominal fat causing me to be unable to close my buttons and zippers of my clothing. Then I heard of Egrifta thinking it was the answer. Wrong! No results, just a painful irritated, scar tissue in my abdomen now. 
I had Paraguard implanted in June 2016. I immediately got a yeast infection; which I hadn 't had one in about 10 years. After that, it seemed to cause yeast infections almost monthly. The worst part about having it was that it caused longer periods and very heavy bleeding. My periods went from about 5 days to 8-9 days. It was heavy bleeding all 8-9 days. I use menstrual cups and before paraguard, I never leaked even on my heaviest days. I had to change my menstrual cup 3-4 times a day and wear a panty liner to prevent ruining my panties and pants from embarrassing leaks. I felt the heavy bleeding was holding me back from things like working out. Had it removed and went back on the mini pill. Periods are normal again.
I have been on Bydureon for just under a week.  I have not been able to eat very much.  I am nauseous every day and no very little energy.  I 've been considering going to see my doctor to see whats wrong with me but I see from these messages that it 's probably from the injection.  Of course, I 've lost a few pounds because I cannot eat anything. I HATE HOW I FEEL!
At first, Viibryd was God send. I was always happy, no sexual side effects, no fatigue: it worked absolutely great. I went through the trial pack and forgot to get a prescription. About 2 months go by (because I 'm lazy) and I finally go to the doctors to get another trial and a prescription. This time around of starting up, there 's major side effects. The medication SOMEWHAT helps with my depression now, and I still get a strong sense of paranoia and hopelessness. The medication has STRONG sexual side effects now, and all arousal whatsoever is gone now. The insomnia is TERRIBLE. I get maybe 3 or 4 hours of sleep now. And might I mention I 'm on the low dosages; I haven 't even started the 40mg yet.
This medication, when used properly, does help with generalized anxiety. The only problem is I was never told how to take it properly. I became addicted, and a bit suicidal. It wreaked absolute havoc on my life and the lives of my family.Name the side effect - I had it.  It caused depression so bad, that I couldn 't get out of bed. Insomnia to the point of where I was convinced I was losing my mind. Looking back now, it 's hard to believe I ever felt the way I did, but I did.Please do research on the drug before taking it.
At first I felt better, but eventually depression was MUCH worse.  (FYI~ do NOT drink alcohol on this med~ the next day I was almost suicidal). The side effects were terrible, ranging from random weird twitches, insomnia, over-eating, diarrhea, to exacerbating my original condition in the first place. Glad it helped some people but it was not for me.
Never had any allergic reactions to medicine before but after starting this for an infection on my foot, over the course of 7 days, I had severe headaches (which I almost never get), fever, chills, body aches, insomnia, dry cough, loss of appetite, nausea. Was meant to take this for 3 more days but after calling my doctor they okayed me to stop. Been off it 12hrs and am already feeling better.
It seemed to work for me okay. Then suddenly my already thin hair started falling out by the handful.
I was prescribed this drug for anxiety I took it home and managed to take it for 2 days but immediately noticed severe insomnia that after two days made me stop taking it. On top of the inability to sleep despite feeling tired I had absolutely zero appetite. In the little over 48 hours I had only managed to eat a handful of cherries... However when I was on the drug I did notice less irritability and increased fatigue which I attributed to not sleeping or eating.
I 'm a 61 year old man, I took Inderal LA 60mg for a year. For about 8 months it worked well, migraines would start and then go away after 5 to minutes. It caused me to gain 15 pounds even with dieting and exercise, it also causes ED but I was able to fix that with 5mg Cialis. In the last 2 months It has stopped preventing the migraines and causes problems with fatigue and at times shortness of breath, and the Cialis is no longer working (a big problem as far as I am concerned and my girlfriend too). It never stopped migraines caused by food triggers of which I have many.
For the first few months everything was ok and I had no symptoms at all. The past few weeks have been bad though because I 've been getting spotting, nausea, vomiting, cramps, and mood swings. My friend has been taking this birth control for 6 years and has recently stopped taking it due to similar symptoms. Not quite sure what to think of this bc anymore.
Got it in 4/11/14. 1st 2 wks couldn 't keep anything down. Dr tested and gave anti-nausea pills which worked. Period started 3rd week and seemed normal. Everytime boyfriend and I get intimate I start bleeding again. I have gained 35 lbs the last 3 months and have not changed my eating habits or lifestyle. I am nauseated ALL the time and sick ALL the time. Find myself running to bathroom few nights a week. Feel pregnant. More irritable. Boyfriend and I have discussed things and we both are not happy with the way it 's making me feel sick all the time. Getting this thing removed next Tuesday morning!
I started taking Yaz in 2007 due to extremely long periods. I was not sexually active when I first started taking Yaz. After about a year, I was switched to Ocella, but it was still basically the same thing. I Ocella for just under 5 years. I stopped taking it one month ago. I had ZERO sex drive, very poor natural lubrication, and cramps that had me doubled over every few months. I never really got pimples, so that 's a plus. But I still had longer periods than I would have liked. 
Other than the fact that I 'm not pregnant, this medication was awful. One day after I started it, I developed small EXTREMELY itchy bumps all over my chest. Day two, those bumps turned in to hives and spread to my legs. The 3 bar rating is because I am not pregnant, but the side effects have been so awful, sleep is bad, clothes are unbearable and its been a truly awful medication.
I have had the Mirena IUD in for 2 years now. I had it placed after my daughter was born. I like the idea of not having to remember to take a pill everyday, the process of having it inserted was a little painful but I think it wasn 't as bad as some others experience because I had just had a baby 10 weeks prior. Since I have had the Mirena in I have not had a period sometimes I get some light spotting around the time I would normally have my period, the other side effects are what is killing me, I have had the worst acne ever since I got the Mirena, and I have never had acne in my life, it has not stopped for 2 years. Also my sex drive has hit rock bottom, I never have the urge to have sex, I am getting the Mirena out.
I had a severe migraine, was driven to the hospital when regular pain relievers did not work.  I was given IV Benadryl along with an anti-nausea medicine and fluids. I felt sleepy almost immediately, and my pain was lessened.  The huge down side was that I felt a huge amount of anxiety for 48 hours afterward.  I do not suffer from anxiety normally. I believe this was an adverse reaction of the Benadryl. 
I got my first implanon in July 2011 at 17y/o. The 3 years of being on my first rod was okay. I gained about 15lbs, started getting a little acne (never had acne before that), and I had a period about twice a year (light, lasted a week). I got my second implant in July 2014. A month later I started experience HORRIBLE acne, mood swings and more weight gain. I 've now gained about about 30lbs since getting my first rod. The only pros are no periods (twice a year), and no pregnancies (my boyfriend had unprotected sex for almost 5 yrs). My acne has calmed down a lot in the past 6 months but I now have a lot of scarring. It 's now almost 2 years into my second rod and I plan on getting it removed this summer because I can 't get the weight off.
I have several BED signs. ie-hiding my food intake, feeling extreme guilt over it. I hide food from my husband as I am very ashamed of my 45lb weight gain over the past two years. I feel too that I have a serious addiction to food, particulary sugar. I eat a lotta lotta food In my waking hrs (&amp; middle of night.) i dont eat enough in one sitting to make me feel ill. My psychiatrist prescribed vyvanse 20mg a yr ago. I took it for several days two seperate times but was anxious as anything, mind racing, sleepless so I stopped. But i have become desperate &amp; further out of control w/ my eating. I am a week in at 20mg. All the same side effects as before. Am sticking with it &amp; hoping for a major decrease in these behaviors
Just started tikosyn at 125 mcg twice daily. Rythym is ok but heart rate is elevated and changes suddenly. Also have tightness in the chest.
I didn 't become pregnant on this pill but stopped taking it after 7 months due to side effects. I was moody, sad, getting horrible headaches weekly and felt anxious all the time. Never had any problems like that before so I stopped the pill and sure enough everything went back to normal. I also had several days of mild cramping rather than my usual one day of more intense cramps--wasn 't a fan. I 'd much rather get that discomfort over with in one day. Though covered by insurance, the side effects on this pill were not worth it to me.
I have only been on it for a month and I have already gained 10 pounds. I 've been the same weight for the past three years and this is the only thing I am doing differently. I am always spotting and if I 'm not spotting its because I am having a 10 day period with the worst cramps known to man. I have never had acne ever and now I 'm breaking out like crazy. With the weight gain, constant spotting/period, and acne, its safe to say I 'm super moody, self conscious, and going nuts because of it. I 'm getting it removed tomorrow morning. 
It just did not work for me. So are many others that I have tried in the last 8 months. I do think it 's just me because after all is said and done, only calcium channel blockers with their side effects seem to work for me. I am now back to CCB (from Norvasc and Nifedipine) and now Cardizem. Norvasc I used for about 15 years and when it stopped working well, I tried other types like ARBs, ACE inhibitors, Beta Blockers, etc without much help. Then I tried Nifedipine which worked but with bad side effects the worst of which was serious edema that left my leg 's skin exfoliating when I stopped taking it. I hope Cardizem which already shows promise does not give me edema and other serious CCB side effects.
Effective to a point but had most awful side effects, including nausea, diarrhea, numb tingling over abdomen, arm neck and back (all down one side) headaches, dizziness, weakness and fatigue.
Ok so my face is EXTREMELY OILY and everyone says it 's really harsh on your face for the first week but it only was harsh for 1 day and now it does nothing not even dry my acne a little and I don 't know why it works for everyone else. I hate my acne and it nothing ever works.
I have Nexplanon since May of 2015 I hate it because of bleeding issue, I have my period everyday none stop its not heavy bleeding but still it 's annoying. Beside that I gain so much weight I want to blame Nexplanon because I alway kept my weight in between 140/156 after I implemented Nexplanon nothing has changed in my diet but I 'm keep gaining so I 'm definitely taking out this week. Hope I will go back to my normal weigh soon.
I was on the Depo for two years and was awesome for the first 6 months. I seriously thought I was in heaven. I still had periods, but had absolutely no cramps at all, which is saying a lot since I had horrible pains before, and the bleeding was light. I started the Depo because I couldn 't remember the pill. Things were going well and then I started a period that lasted for a year. I would have stayed on the Depo regardless of the bleeding, but it was the horrible mood swings that made me stop using it. I was seriously a miserable person. Though this was my experience it could be different for others. My body never reacts the way it should. Really the only way to know is to try it yourself.
Unbalanced ph the entire time
Be sure to do your own research on withdrawal symptoms and difficulties BEFORE going on this drug. Although it may work well, if you ever want to get off of it (i.e. for pregnancy), then the withdrawal can be hard.
I began taking this@ 16 weeks and I have experienced blurred vision, water retention and most importantly, depression. It 's beyond the norm of pregnancy hormones that are all over the place. I have mentioned it to my NP and she recommended Zoloft? I have PTSD and was on Zoloft years ago. I have been able to be med free after Zoloft and I feel like I have taken a giant step backwards with this medication. I am afraid to stop it and go into preterm ( 30 weeks) this is a hard choice. I don 't like feeling like I 'm crazy because I know I 'm not :(
This medicine was great in taking care of seizures but I honestly felt like I was crazy most of the time. I lost weight which I was happy with but when it comes to the final review, I was a crazy, small person. I couldn 't even call an order in on the phone because I couldn 't think fast enough, I went back to my doctor and ask him to take me off this.
When it was put in I had major cramping right after and it lasted for a few hours. I had spotting off and on for a week then it stopped. I had a period a few weeks later then it all started going downhill. I was constantly in pain, spotting all the time, and never felt good. So 3 months in I decided to have it removed. My doctor argued with me telling me that I hadn 't let my body adjust long enough and she told me she could prescribe me something for the discomfort. I continued to tell her that something wasn 't right and I wanted it out. She then went to take it out and immediately said she knew why I was experiencing so much discomfort; my body was rejecting it and it was already half way out. So my only advise is know your own body.
Spintec isn 't making me have  mood swings or depressed but I 've only been on it for three weeks and I 've already gained 15 pounds and had really bad acne and dry skin which I never had before !
Had mine placed in March, it was very painful but what the heck  5 years to not worry put me at ease. I work two jobs and I run 5 miles a day 5 times a week and at night I do weights and on the weekends I burn 1200 calories on my cross trainer every  Saturday and Sunday. I watch what I eat. I 've been the same size since high school. I am 45. I noticed a belly coming on and now I am size 13  I have gained 25 plus pounds and this is unexplainable. Massive headaches, back pains. Now my hair is starting to fall out. Some memory loss and at night I break out in heat sweats and can 't sleep or am so groggy I have to drink coffee. Non stop Migraines which make me nauseated.   I have been healthy and active since my mid 30 's getting out Monday.
All was well for the first year and half. Then, it seems, my hormones got way out of wack due to the synthetic hormones being released by the implanon. I now have excess androgens and not enough progesterone. I gained 20 lbs (on a naturally thin, 5 '4&quot; frame) and, even worse, cystic acne (on formerly clear, normal skin)! I had implanon in for a total of 26 months. I 've recently made the switch to a copper IUD and my hormones have not yet balanced out. I 'm giving this a 4/10 because I didn 't get pregnant and I didn 't have side effects for the first year or so.
I took Macrobid for 7 days, and it alleviated my urianry tract infection (very happy that).   Four days after finishing the Macrobid, I started to itch all over my body from the top of my head to the soles of my feet. There 's no rash present but my skin gets very sensitive and red even before I scratch (super red). Five days after taking the medication, I am experiencing tightness in my esophagus and burning; as if I had a bad case of acid reflux (I have a minor level of acid reflux). 
On otezla for a short time 4 weeks must come off it because of surgery right shoulder rotator cuff. Up to this point minor side effects but did cause some sleep issues which could also be contributed my upcoming surgery. Had such good results with Biologicals for 15 yrs. until they lost there effectiveness. Now as I get older 67 would like to try something less immunosuppressive. Not encouraged by comments I read. But everyone is different so I will stick it out for four months
Does not help with RSD or CRPS very much but it does help for insomnia.
I had a minor UTI, I just couldn 't seem to clear it out of my system so I got prescribed with Macrobid. The first day I took it, I felt a little drowsy but nothing major. The second day, dose two, I began to feel very drained and had no energy. I thought maybe I just needed sleep so I tried to nap but I just lay there in discomfort and exhaustion. I began to have cold/ flu symptoms. I became very dizzy and nauseous. I felt like I was spinning. I was bed ridden and cried from how bad I was feeling. It did help my UTI symptoms but I am not sure if it 's worth it.
I have had the Mirena for about 3 and a half years now. For the first 1 year to 1 and a half it was great, after that it went down hill. I have felt like I have had no energy at times, have horrible headaches, felt sick suddenly, moody and depression. I just don 't feel like myself. 
When it was put in I had major cramping right after and it lasted for a few hours. I had spotting off and on for a week then it stopped. I had a period a few weeks later then it all started going downhill. I was constantly in pain, spotting all the time, and never felt good. So 3 months in I decided to have it removed. My doctor argued with me telling me that I hadn 't let my body adjust long enough and she told me she could prescribe me something for the discomfort. I continued to tell her that something wasn 't right and I wanted it out. She then went to take it out and immediately said she knew why I was experiencing so much discomfort; my body was rejecting it and it was already half way out. So my only advise is know your own body.
I had the mirena inserted for the second time via keyhole surgery.First time I had inserted at my local GP -But had it removed after almost 8 months after issues.I 've just had it removed because after 6 months it went downhill, I was irritable &amp; emotional, having acne breakouts in my hair, on my face, chest &amp; back, gained weight that I could not lose, migraines, constantly tired, having thrush like symptoms, heavy bleeding for 7 days at a time 1-2 times a month. So I finally got answers - I 'm one of few with high sensitivity to it &amp; reacted to it along with having a reaction to the cords (the thrush like symptoms).Just wish I had of been told that 1st time round! Instead I got told having it inserted differently would be more effective!
I started taking amoxicillin/clavulanate yesterday afternoon for Infection from Cat Bite . I took my first pill around 6:00 pm with my dinner and didn 't think anything of it. Around 10:00 pm I had an awful headache. I had to take ibuprofen and go lay down until it finally eased. I woke up this morning with stomach cramps and diarrhea. took my second dose this morning around 11:00 am with lunch and after eating I felt a little  nauseous, but nothing too extreme. It wasn 't long after I took the pill that I got a headache and I 've had it ever since. Overall I 've felt a little icky altogether after starting the medicine, but it does seem to be helping my infection.
I got the skyla put in almost 3 yrs ago. Don 't get me wrong it was the best for awhile. I got it right after u has my daughter. First year I couldn 't lose any weight. The second year I gained so much weight and can not get it off not even one pound LITERALLY. I have cramped so bad I passed out after sexual intercourse. I have not bleed in almost 3 yrs and that is not natural.
Was prescribed 20mg. Its effect kicked in after 2 weeks. Felt a bit sick for about 2 days in that time. Dry mouth and a bit of pain, diarrhea but that was expected and not too bad. Then the first day of it working I felt great, my concentration was really good, I immediately noticed I was able to enjoy myself, cracking jokes etc. enjoying the hell out of my hobbies but also it was very overwhelming and day after day I got more restless until I stopped sleeping, I just laid down to slowly breathe. I lost over 10 kilos within one week and couldn 't stand still or sit for even a few seconds. My mind was constantly working and overthinking things, again and again. It eventually led to psychotic episodes and I had to be rushed to a clinic.
I 'm approaching the third calendar shot for me and now that I have began to bleed unexpectedly, I 've taken the time to evaluate myself. Since beginning the Depo-Provera in February I 've noticed a series of uncontrollable headaches as well as a spike in my blood pressure. I was administered a better dosage of hydrochlorothiazide to reduce the effects of this blood pressure spike but immediately proceeding my dosage I started experiencing this unexpected bleeding. Taken a back by such abrupt change this makes me reflect on the changes my body has experienced throughout the short course being administered Depo. I had even began to experience anxiety here and there, not to mention fatigue. Later came the abdominal cramps and pains with vaginal adverse side effect.
I 've been suffering from depression and GAD since 2000. It was pretty bad and I was immediately put on Paxil but also tried Welbutrin, Celexa, and Trazadone. The last three didn 't really work for me but Paxil in combination with Clonazapam did help me after a period of time. I had some good stretches and some bad ones. In 2010 my doctor suggested Lexapro at 10mg. It was amazing. I felt great and I didn 't need the clonazapam. This lasted for about 2 years but then a few stressful situations made my anxiety and depression come back. My doctor increased Lexapro to 20mg and also put me back on clonazapam. I was on this for about 2 months with no relief. Either my anxiety and depression were quite bad or the Lexapro just pooped out.
For me I had regular periods but quite heavy and sometimes last a few days more after my period pills were done. I gained weight and in the beginning I had major mood swings. Felt depressed and increased appetite. I also get more yeast infections when I never had them before.
The only good thing about this pill is pregnancy prevention. I found myself way more irritable on this BC then I 've ever been my entire life, anxious to the point of debilitation. Kills your sex drive.
I took the shot after 6 weeks postpartum due to breastfeeding aswell. Slowly but surely I started experiencing minor side effects which graduly became worse after the 3rd shot...OMG..i gained 26 pounds in 9 months, severe insomia , heart palpitations,hair loss, severe anxiety , arm pain shooting from my shoulder to my fingers, numbness and tingling on both arms, fatigue, depressed. When I really started getting concerned was when I started twitching and would goult out of my sleep with anxiety attacks..I had chest pains n poking sensations in my heart...I had no clue it was really from the shot till I decided to skip my next appointment and With in days of not getting the next dose I started feeling so much better..the shot is POISON!!!!
Love the fact that I don 't have periods!  However immediately after having it inserted, I started experiencing severe acne (I 'm 35) so this is seriously unacceptable.  It 's so bad that it 's all over my face, neck, chest, back and scalp.  Nothing works to get rid of it.  I went to a dermatologist and he prescribed several items for me none of which worked.  I have another appointment to go in a couple of days.  There is a medicine that apparently works (I did lots of research online) that 's called spironolactone that 's used for high blood pressure and acne as well as a few other things.  People say that if they 're prescribed 100mg, it works and they have almost no pimples after a few months.
Depo provera did a good job at protecting me against pregnancy. But I gained a lot of weight!! I didn&rsquo;t gain much for the first 3 months I had it. Although, after about 6 months (2 shots) I noticed a significant amount of weight gain, and after almost a year I gained about 20-25 pounds.  I was exercising, and changed my diet and nothing happened. The irregular bleeding &amp; other side effects were minor side effects to me. The weight gain was my major concern. After reading all of the other reviews for depo, I saw a lot of other women had issues with weight gain too, so I switched to nexplanon  (implant), and for me it has had the same side effects as the shot BUT without weight gain. I&rsquo;ve been able to lose about 10 pounds since I switched!!
I 've been taking Trinessa for the past 14 months now. It 's the first oral birth control I 've ever been on, so at first I thought it was normal. I knew when my period was coming, it kept me from getting pregnant, and it cleared up my face. However, ever since I 've been taking it, my anxiety has reached a whole new level. Not to mention, I have depression for the first time in my life. I have had suicidal thoughts, I 've felt my self esteem go down, and I 've felt irritable towards nearly everyone in my life. It has affected a lot of my close relationships, such as my boyfriend who is constantly having to put up my depression and anxiety attacks. I would consider another pill if you have these issues.
Seasonique worked well as a birth control. I had no spotting or bleeding during the 3 months I took it. However, it made me very emotional and moody. Also Seasonique made me break out which I normal don 't. 
The VA prescribed this medication, have been using it for over a year, I found that Excessive Gas was experienced, also diarrhea, dizziness, bad headaches, when I stopped using this prescription the bad side effects went away. Now to find something that works for the GERD without all the bad side  effects
Sometimes I feel relief. At other times not so much, for me it isn 't consistent in the effects I get I can honestly say but it 's better than nothing.
I had this inserted back in August, and I hate it. No, I LOATHE this birth control. I have been bleeding on and off for the last 2 months. I have little to no sex drive. Attempting to work out is a joke. I can barely make it through the workday without wanting a nap or two. I work retail, so this is definitely not a good thing! I want to workout, get healthy and all that jazz, but have no energy to do so. I want to remove it, and have considered going off birth control completely for a year, I 'm just scared of getting pregnant! I was hoping this &quot;new and improved implanon&quot; would be better, as I had that removed early due to complications similar to what I 'm complaining about now. I haven 't gotten pregnant, so I guess that 's a plus. :-/
I have severe nerve pains in my hands and feet. I am not diabetic, my doctor tried me on 60mg. By the 7th day I had my wife call the doctor and advise that I would like to discontinue use. I take a lot of different medication for different medical problems and can tolerate them well but this &quot;Cymbalta&quot; was different. It made me feel disconnected, my body was here and my mind was out there somewhere, like have tunnel vision. Did not like this medication. 
I came from the UK being on a diferent pill which I cant get in the States. I dont think I like Levora at all. I have had major mood swings, am very emotional and have no sex drive whatsoever. My orgasms are also very weak since I have been taking it. I 'm very lethargic all the time and have had a breakout of large red, sore spots on my shoulders and back.
It sucks! It burned the first day they insert it! I 've been having it but I get a really heavy periods and big headaches!
Yasmin was great for the couple years I was on it, but about a month after I quit taking it my hair started to shed more than usual.  After three months I had about a 40% decrease in hair volume and became noticeably thin on top.  This is very devastating because I am an attractive, healthy 27 yer old.  This is the side effect they don 't warn you of. 
I don 't think this is working.....Now I have Psoriasis all over my hands!!!  this is also supposed to be used to TREAT PSORIASIS!!
After a few days Flomax did work and increased my stream. I was unable to orgasm or ejaculate on this drug. If you have no interest in sex it does work. I took lowest dosage. I believe it was .04 MG I stopped taking the drug.  Going to Dr. to try another.
I was taking 15mg Mirtazapine for anxiety and PTSD before bed for two months. At first it helped with the anxiety and nightmares I was having. Within 30 minutes of taking it I was out. It was very difficult to get out of bed in the morning. The morning drowsy side effects only lasted about two weeks for me but then I started having twitches in my eyelids. I had never had a seizure before but have had 3 petit mal seizures since. After my third and extremely violent seizure I stoped use and have not used since. Seizures have also stoped along with the twitching in my face. If you you start to have and twitching in your face or eyelids I recomend consulting your dr. By the time I did it was almost too late. I also experienced memory loss.
So far, not too good. I 've been on it for a week and a half  and lost half a pound if I 'm lucky! It doesn 't  seem to have altered my Appetite very much! The worst thing is that my whole body seems stiff and everything is an effort. I had mild arthritis before, now it is severe, and seems to have become life altering! What should I do? 
I started this medicine at the suggestion of my D.O. as my magnesium levels were very low and I had bad leg cramps.  It did help the cramps quite a bit and my blood levels did return to normal.However, I began to have bad bouts of nausea and vomiting and occasional diarrhea that I had to take additional medication to stop.  I took 400 mg but was never advised to take it with food. 
This pill was recommended by my OB after removing my birth control implant. I told her my concerns were huge in the weight gain department because any BC I 've ever tried I 've always gained weight. I took the pill for about 6 months then decided to stop because I was having a hard time losing weight. Once I stopped taking it I didn 't get a period for like four months. I went to the doctor &amp; they had to put me on hormones to jump start my period again. I was finally starting to lose weight &amp; get back to normal when I decided to get back on this pill because IT ACTUALLY DID help control my moods. Well. I 've been taking it again for like a week &amp; now I 'm back to being hungry all the time!!! 
My extended release pill, 30mg Vyvanse, only lasts for about 5 hours for me. My doctor prescribed a short acting pill, which was Dexedrine for doing my homework at night. Took 5mg and felt literally nothing after waiting an hour. Then took another 5mg (as my doctor said I might need). I did feel a lot less hyperactive, but almost to the point of sluggish. My concentration improved the tiniest bit, but not nearly as well compared to Vyvanse. This pill seems to work better at combating ADHD symptoms, but not really ADD symptoms. I would advise trying Vyvanse.
HORRIBLE HORRIBLE HORRIBLE. I thought this would be a good choice for a more natural approach to birth control. I was told it would make my periods a bit heavier but it is UNREAL. I bleed through a super tampon and a pad in less than one hour and have excruciating cramps on and off of my period. I 'm getting another ultrasound soon to see if something is wrong but I might just have it removed and go back to my Nuva Ring and just deal with the side effects of a hormonal birth control.
I have been on Janumet for about a month now, and for the last couple of days I 've been having severe throat pain.  The pain is so severe I 'll have to see a doctor tomorrow and I 've already stopped taking it for two days now.   It has worked well to reduce my blood sugar, but the side effects are just too much to bare.
I got put on cephalexin for an untreated UTI which obviously spread to my kidneys, I am current on day 3 and I do feel so much better kidney pain and urinating wise, but it gives me insane dirrahea, makes me feel very nauseous, makes me confused with really bad anxiety, and gives me killer heartburn. I am currently on 500mg 4 times a day
Switched from atenolol to Coreg CR to avoid the wall I would hit when doing cardio-exercise. I felt less of the wall from the cardiac side, but seemed to not breath as easily while doing cardio and while at rest. Felt like I had to force myself to take deep breaths on Coreg CR. Never had that happen with atenolol. Also, lost some libido on Coreg CR which wasn 't an issue with atenolol. Switched back to atenolol and these issues all went away. 
Holy cow this Surprep stuff was disgusting. My doctor said that she was changing to this medicine for Colonoscopy because people like it better.  told her that I found no problem with the Miralax but ok, I 'll trust her....LIES...LIES AND MORE LIES! Acording to all I 've read they do NOT like it better..hmmm can u say drug company pay off!!!!  Ok maybe it works better for clean out,I get that, but I 'll ask her.I nearly vomited throughout the drink...so disgusting (like downing a bottle of Nyquil) then add on a quart of water and your stomach feels like it will POP!  So excited to do this again at the crack of dawn...2nd dose was equally, if not more, rancid. When I asked my doctor, she said,&quot;Oh you didn 't like it? Both work well!&quot; Ugh....
Irregular inconsistency on pain control . Many break thru pain through  out day . Helps with low pain and mild pain but not for break thru severe pain .
I was prescribed Effexor XR for anxiety while I was home from college over winter break. I took it one day and I felt good but then I couldn 't sleep for the following entire next day and then it made me feel completely sick so I didn 't take another one the next day because I wanted to be able to fall asleep. 5 days later I tried to take it again to see if I would be able to fall asleep and that time I wasn 't able to fall asleep the next two days and I felt extremely sick and like my brain hurt so bad the next day after taking it. Its been over a week now since the second time I took and I feel like I hate my life. I 've never been so depressed and anxious. how long will this last? major regret
I have been on this pill for about 2 1/2 months and compared to my previous prescription (which I had no period, just spotting at the end of the month) this is horrible. The only time i don 't bleed is during the first week of pills. Then it 's light bleeding the second week and gets heavier with each week 's pill. I can see how it 's good for birth control. Who 's going to have sex when they 're bleeding all the time?
I finally got Nexplanon removed yesterday and was so happy. I thought this was going to regulate my periods but I only had 1 out of the 6 months. I had discomfort in the arm that it was in whenever I lifted something heavy and when I checked my blood pressure. I found out from my primary Dr that I was 20% more likely to not have a period, have higher cholesterol and gain weight while on Nexplanon. My blood pressure is higher now and now I 'm going to start on the pill again. I 'm just so happy it 's out!
It did stop my acne but now that I decided to stop it,  my hair is falling out so badly I am not sure It will be any hair left... I am regretting the minute I started this pill. Don 't make the same mistake. It WILL make you bald!
Took this with food. Made me feel very lethargic and jittery at the same time. My appetite is gone. My congestion is cleared but I can 't wait for this medication to wear off. My heart rate speeds up as well. Dry mouth, yuck.
I 've been on Aubra for 3 months now and have had several negative side effects. I 'm experiencing acne, bleeding and cramping between periods, severe anxiety, headaches, moodiness, and weight gain. However, it has prevented pregnancy thus far.
I started this method about 8 months ago. I hate it. No change in acne, but weight gain, headaches, horrible heavy crampy periods, intense mood swings. I 'm switching soon.On the good side: I 'm not pregnant so yay there and I know exactly when Hell Week (last 7 days always) starts and ends.
Used for post nadal drip.   Ineffective, horrible residue, sore throat, crackly voice, headache, one earache, and just did not alleviate original issue
I 'm always tired and moody! I always feel sad and get angry and rageful very easily. I 'm emotional and I no longer feel the desire to do the things I used to enjoy, waking up is a task every morning, my job has become more difficult and I feel like I 've lost all my motivation, I can 't wait too be off the Nuvaring I 'm hoping I can go on an IUD or something better. I haven 't gained any weight and I 've been on it for two years but the side effects just aren 't worth it. My husband and I seem to argue more and more. My breasts hurt all the time I feel nauseous and sick constantly and the smells of certain food make me sick. I might as well be pregnant.
I took Naproxen for eight months before my doctor associated it with the severe side effect of my throat swelling and the feeling of something stuck in my throat, stomach bleeding and neck pain and enduring an oesophagoscopy.
I was given this because of swelling on top of right hand and pain in arm.  I have a baker cyst in left knee and was told I have osteoarthritis.  I am 61 and the pain and swelling came on suddenly.  I have been on this medicine for 2 weeks and do not feel any difference.
Clears up allergies like a charm but side effects are no joke. Jittery, trouble sleeping, massive anxiety, I couldn 't sit still went on a cleaning binge for hours on end though lol. Woke up next day drained still feeling some side effects. Scary drug.
I had an abscess on my right Molar and was prescribed this and Metazol, I also had nausea and vomiting and felt sickly but compared to the pain from the abscess I rather take it anytime, it took one day on these meds for the swelling to go down, My whole right side was severely swollen and one day after these meds the swelling came down considerably and I could face people again, I am thankful that the abscess  burst after two days on the meds and now I have under gone the extract and surgery and still on these meds in fear of any further infection its been  weeks now and I have one week to go on them and wouldn 't stop even if I was hanging over a toilet bowl throwing up constantly.
I have been taking Sprintec since May 2016.  I was doing great on the blue pill, but when it came to taking the white pill for 7 days, I would bleed for weeks straight at a time.  So, playing doctor, I just started taking the blue pill and would skip over taking the white pill and I would spot every now and then. When I did do that I would have severe cramps (never had cramps before in my life) and decided to finish the pack as suggested (blue/white pills).  Now it is August and for three weeks I have been bleeding non-stop.  I have not taken any of my blue pills since Sunday, July 31st, to see if the bleeding would stop and sure enough it HASN 'T....I am tired of cramping when on the pill and bleeding when I follow the directions.  HELP???
Was due to take 2 litres of MoviPrep before a colonoscopy. Took the first litre  without much trouble at 7pm and, despite gurgling, did not go to toilet before going to bed at 10pm. Attempted to take the second litre at 6am but only managed to drink about half of it before I was projectile vomiting the solution plus stomach bile everywhere. Wasn 't able to take anymore and still had very minimal bowel movements so had to cancel my procedure.
I just had a two level lumbar fusion two weeks ago and have severe muscle spasms that started up a couple of days ago. When I needed the Robaxin to work, it 's like taking a placebo. I 've called the surgeons office for another option as this is not going to work for me.
I had the same experience as bestyloo who posted on July 28, 2015. However my condition started in May 2015, 1 month after taking the product. The condition is called Acute generalised exanthematous pustulosis (AGEP) and is very rare and painful. It takes approximately 1 month to heal. My body was literally burning itself from the inside out. We know for a fact that this condition was a result of the Contrave because I was not taking any other medications or OTC drugs. For almost 1 month anything that touched my skin was the most excruciating pain imaginable! I saw 4 doctors who all told me I looked like a picture out of a medical book. I sent documentation of this to the company who has yet to respond. Stay AWAY from this drug!!!
I have been on this pill for 16 days now. Despite the fact that I have only taken this pill 16 times, I have noticed drastic negative changes in myself. I can assure you that I am not exaggerating my experiences with this pill when I describe it, however, I wish that were the case...Physical Changes I have experienced while taking Lutera:-Painful, nasty-looking acne on my face, back, and shoulders (I have NEVER had acne in my 19 years of life)-Weight gain in my abdominal area and shoulders (I have not weighed myself because I am terrified to do so, since it has been that drastic) -Constant hunger that is difficult for me to control-I have my period 2 weeks sooner than I should this month
I was on sample pills for 2 months and changed to this pill. This pill sucks and put me in bad place. I 'm 21 don 't diet or exercise always weight around 129lb and my period light 3 day period with painful cramp on 1st day. Monday I started this pill and 3 days later Thursday night I was in bed with really bad cramp that I never had before and painkiller didn 't work much. Next day I started heavy period, but I wasn 't worried since I changed pills til 4 days after period started. A whole week I had heavy period and another 5 day light period. And I 'm having bad diarrhea everytime I eat. My period still not finished after almost 2 weeks. I just realized from reading these comments that it 's the pills and I 'm not sick in any other way lol.
I was on this for about two years. I gained 20lbs from it. But I needed to regulate my period. Also my thyroid levels always changed drastically on this, while off it not too bad. Trinessa also made my breast hurt so bad, showers were horrible with the water hitting them. I feel bloated half the month and irritated that this is the only birth control I can afford because Insurance won 't cover even with my condition. Also my eyes always were dry and itchy.
Physicians are way too excited about Linzess.  It definitely does not work for everyone and not exactly as indicated.  The first three days I took it were fine.  Then no effect for two days.  Then incredible pain.  I asked the doctor if I could try a lower dose.  Was advised to take it at bedtime!?  Definitely not a good idea when part of the problem was extreme diarrhea.  Quit taking it for two weeks.  Went back and tried one tablet.  Dizziness, wobbly, weakness, malaise.  Does it treat constipation, yes.  But it is a guanylate cyclase agonist , so, of course, it has systemic effects.  When are too many side effects too much to even put a drug on the market?
It made me incredibly sleepy, which was a bonus. I took the medication combined with Lexapro, and gained 20 lbs in my first 3 months on both. Since I got off Seroquel my weight returned to normal.
Used the ring for 6 months.  I gained 20 pounds. I went from 120 to 140. Its not very easy for me to gain weight. Had a lot of discharge that made it extremely uncomfortable. I never get yeast infections and got one on the ring. And my sex drive went way down on the ring. I am switching back to the pill cause I 've never had any problems with the pill only minor and I 've used the pill for 3  years.
I am 33 years old and started taking these pills the first day of my period on September 26, 2015. This was my first time using birth control since 2012. I bleed for 15 days and then very light on the 16th day. On the 17th day, October 12th I saw no bleeding. It is October 19 and I started to bleed again yesterday morning, October 18. I don 't understand why I 'm having a second bout with a period not more than 1 week later from my first period. All my life my periods lasted no more than 5 days. The only other birth control I used was Ortho tri Cyclen and my periods only lasted 5 days. I 'm going to a gynecologist today as I consider to switch birth controls.
I was on the fentanyl pain patch 75 mcg &amp; 2 Percocet 10/325 for neck surgery that never healed. I wanted to stop but I already knew what stopping without help would make me very very sick. So I went to A place that charged me $90.00 a week for a dosage of 75 mg daily plus NA meetings as many as I needed. All was great after a year no more cravings so I decided to taper off and hope the neck pain would be tolerable. So after 2 months of tapering I was finally clean &amp; sober. (I thought) My last dose was Thursday morning and by 4:00 am Sunday morning the withdrawal I tried to avoid happens. Throwing up nothing but bile cause I couldn 't eat or drink anything than after about 36 hours of that, the runs come and stay for about day &amp; 1/2. 
For the first 3 months everything was dandy until I found out that in those 3 months I got pregnant I got this to prevent anything like that happen, however my nurse didn 't inform me that certain pills can reduce its efficiency, I ended up having a miscarriage. So I put that failure down to lack of knowledge, as time went on I had 2 months of no period then an entire month of bleeding. I 've been getting spots and hot flushes caused by this, not to mention I 've suffered from severe depression and anxiety caused by the implanon which caused me to stop eating because I had constant knots in my stomach and despite this no eating I 've went up 3 dress sizes! I suggest getting the 3 month jab and seeing your reaction it may not be horrible for everyone.
Okay so buspar was the first medicine I took and it helped with my anxiety tremendously but the side effects sucked. I 'm a female and only weigh about 115 so I 'm not sure if that 's why the side effects impacted me so much or what. The first day I was on it, I was fine. The only problem was I felt a little dizzy after the first 10 min of taking it but then I was fine and I would go about my regular day and I felt amazing. I took this pill everyday for about 4 days and felt fine but then one day after I took it, I was so dizzy, I could barely stand up and then I felt nauseous all day long. It was not fun. So it 's kind of a hit or miss with this medicine. You either take it and feel fine or you 'll have bad side effects. At least for me anyways
So I started noticing some symptoms of a yi right after starting amoxicillin (which was prescribed after having my wisdom teeth out). I went to cvs and bought the generic 7 day medication. Day 1, okay a little uncomfortable but not bad. Day 2, I had a terrible burning and itching after insertion and layed in bed for almost an hour before it went away. I 'm on day 3 now and it 's the same as day2. Itching worse than before and burning. Unsure if this is supposed to happen. Hopeful for the last few days
I 'd been seeing a psychiatrist that had me on Adderall for about 2 years. My ability to take care of myself had increased greatly, but I still didn 't have a job. My vocational rehab program sent me to a new doctor who decided to take me off the Adderall and prescribe this instead, despite the fact I had made improvements on the former. Been almost 4 weeks. Maybe because I 'm already use to taking something different it just doesn 't feel effective. It feels like a very neutered version of adderall, and I often find myself sleepy and tired. I can focus on things, but only a little bit. I can remember things, sometimes, usually right around when I take a dose but my long term memory is shot.  I feel anxious and stiff too.
I took this from Feb 2017 until Sept 2017 for my GAD. I alternated between 5mg &amp; 10mg daily.It worked ok for my anxiety, but just ok.Sex drive non-existent.Gained 20 lbs with no other lifestyle changes, so it had to be this medicine.I stopped with no withdrawal symptoms so that 's good.
I was put on Yasmin for 6 months to regulate my cycle and reduce acne flare-ups and it was the worst 6 months of my life. I gained 20lbs that did NOT come off easily after stopping the pill, experienced horrible mood swings, had HEAVIER periods, acne breakouts, breakthrough bleeding, and I was nauseous all the time. This pill seems to agree with most people but it definitely did not agree with me. I went on Femcon a year after stopping Yasmin and experienced virtually no side effects.
I have been on macrobid twice for bladder infections.  It cleared them up, but the side effects knocked me off my feet for days.  Fever of 101 - 102 and flu-like achiness and wicked headaches or the entire time I was on the medication.  The first time I took it the doctor said I must have had the flu too.  The second time I called him after three days and had him switch me to another antibiotic.
I 'm on my second month on this medication and it is absolutely terrible, I 'm so hormonal and I feel depressed most of the time. My breasts are so tender it hurts to wear a bra or do anything. I would not recommend.
I 'm currently on zonisamide (zonegran) I 've been on it for years now to the point that it 's doing nothing for my seizures and everything for my weight and mood that I don 't want it to, I now suffer from not getting an appetite at all, my migraines are ridiculously painful to the point it sometimes makes nauseous or even vomit, I wish there 's somethin someone could do to help!!!
Wow, this is a POWERFUL drug. I was prescribed clindamycin 300 mg for severe sinus infection. Amoxicillin did not work. After two doses I had the worst stomach pain and nausea I have ever had. I also had a throbbing headache. However I could feel it working in my sinuses already. So I tried to stick it out. After another day I was so profusely ill I couldn 't get out of bed. Had the shakes, vomiting, horrific heartburn and headache. For the record I took the pills with Gravol and water, took probiotics and stayed upright after taking. This was not a good experience. Very frustrating because I believe the drug does work but the side effects make it impossible to take.
Im currently taking bactrim for a UTI. It relieved my symptoms rather quickly however the side effects are really bothering me. I 've had the most painful migraines since taking it yesterday. I also have the chills and slight nausea. I wont take this medicine ever again once I finish it. The constant painful headaches are not worth it.
I mostly decided to try this med because of all the positive reviews on this site.  I 'm sorry to say it isn 't working for me.  I thought it was for a few days, but then it just kinda stopped.  I had NO side effects save for a foggy brain/slight headache for 2 days.  I wanted so badly for this to work.  I 'm going to take the rest of my 15 day supply, but at $200  per refill, I don 't know that I 'll continue.  It either works and works really well or it doesn 't work at all or the side effects are too much to continue.  Good luck to everyone out there.
Got Implanon in April 09. It is now October and I have had only one week without spotting/bleeding since it was put in. Was not bad getting it put in, but six months of this? It 's driving me crazy to always be wearing a tampon. I wouldn 't know how my sex drive is cause it has prevented most of that from happening.
Tried this for a few days to help with anxiety instead of my usual Klonopin, at bedtime.  Do not just switch to another benzo without transitioning.  Had bad nightmares all night and was a wreak the following days.  Might be good for some people, and maybe more for daytime anxiety but definitely didn 't help my sleep (even when taking a higher dose than I normally do of Klonopin).  On a side note, don 't rely on benzos long-term (&gt; 1 month).  You will quickly dig yourself a hole as tolerance inevitably builds and your sleep and mental state will be worse than when you started.  Been on benzos for &gt; 2 years and I 'm slowly reducing mine and it sucks pretty bad.  Get on something safer and non-tolerance building.  The sooner the better.
I am 39 and was given Xarelto for Pulmonary Embolism.  I have experienced nausea, dizziness, dreams and mild headaches. Not sure this medicine is for me. Back to doctor on Monday.
Although my doctor thought this was far superior to anything else, it just didn 't work for me. I was successful in stopping for 4 days. However, I couldn 't sleep and I turned into a cranky old man. I had a real short fuse. I can see how this could be good for some but it just wasn 't my cup of tea.
Well I have been prescribed this medication before and I have had to go through blood clots and heavy cramps . But this time it 's even heavier cramps and blood clots and using about 20 pads in 2 to 3 days. I feel so weak and it feels gross to even move or go anywhere in public.  I 'm also taking ibuprofen every 3 to 4 hours. What do y 'all prefer on taking for the pain. Thank u everyone for your input. Have a great day.
I was on Marvelon for 2 years, and then switched to Apri after losing my &quot;student&quot; status, and therefore needed a cheaper pill. I 've been on it for 4 months, and although my periods are regular, the side effects are horrible. I have noticed frequent headaches, at least a 15 pound weight gain, and ZERO sex drive. I eat healthy and started exercising, not realizing why I was gaining and keeping all this weight. It 's not going anywhere. The zero sex drive is NOT like me, and has affected my relationship. All of these side effects have been occurring since being on Apri. It may work for some people, but I 'd gladly pay the extra for Marvelon in order to have these effects go away. 
Made me blurry, drowsy and cognitive dulling. Short trial only (two weeks) then stopped due to side effects.
I don 't know if it helped my condition, but it gave me a mild headache 24/7. That was not an acceptable side effect for me.
Worked well a few times but I developed a quick tolerance to it plus it caused my sinuses to swell which made it difficult to breathe through my nose.
I am on my second try with Chantix. The first time I was doing great, although I had some nausea but when I switched to the 1mg I felt like I was taking a placebo and I started smoking more than I had before. This time my doctor is only giving me the 0.5mg. The nausea seems worse this time and I can 't sleep. My eye starts to twitch out of no where. I am clenching my jaw all day and I feel &quot;fuzzy&quot;. This has got to get better.
I started this birth control three weeks ago and now I have the worst acne I 've had since being a teenager.  I 'm breaking out with hormonal acne that no matter what just don 't want to go away. I know you are supposed to wait for 3 months for your hormones to level out but I don 't know how much more of this I can take.  I haven 't had any other major side effects...a little nausea but that 's about it.
This is a revolting substance. Managed to down a litre in an hour and a half (started at 5pm is now 7.40pm) been on the loo since about 6.45pm it is certainly working. However I am DREADING taking the next litre at 8pm and wondering how I will make it downstairs to actually retrieve the solution! I threw up the last glass full I took. Surely there is a better way than this?!!! 
Flu kidney infectiion muscle aches
At first it worked pretty well but about 3 months later I was having the anxiety again.
I 've been on Sprintec for three years now and have had a roller coaster of experiences with it. Sometimes it makes me so sick I swear I 'm going to get off of it and take something else. And then at other times I don 't even notice it. I would say my most common side effects are sudden onset nausea and headaches. Every so often I also experience some hot/cold flashes with it.
I have just finished my second week on Tri-Sprintec and my period hasn 't stopped since. I have been getting more moody than I normally am and I almost had 3 anxiety attacks.
I was on Lisinipril and developed the dry cough with stress incontinance.  My Dr changed my med for BP to Losartan and now I have the same exact symptoms dry cough with stress incontinance.  I also am having major hair loss but thankfully no balding yet.  My Dr says I have lots of drainage in the back of my throat causing me to cough.  She is having me take 2 allergy pills per day but it 's been weeks and the cough isn 't getting any better.  Not sure what med she will switch me too but I sure hope this gets resolved soon.  Too young to have stress incontinance.
I started Contrave in April 2016. I stayed on 1 pill/day for 4 weeks, then went to 2 pills/day primarily because of the expense. I was hoping to accomplish weight loss without having to take the full dose and stretch the prescription out for a longer period of time. I 'm 5&quot;7&quot; and started at a weight of 172lbs  It 's now July 2016 and I 'm only down to 166 (that 's 6 lbs in 3 months). Not much progress, but I am only taking half the recommended dose. Side effects have been minimal - the most predominant is sleepiness. I 've had to increase my caffeine intake to combat the sleepiness. I do work out 2-3 times/week and hope to increase that. I sometimes &quot;over-eat&quot; the medication, I 'm full but continue to eat and then feel incredibly over full.
I was on Levora (brand) for several months before switching to Levlen (generic) due to my pharmacy being unable to stock the brand name drug.  Over the last several months on Levlen I 've noticed my moodiness increasing and my sex drive drastically decreasing.  This happened once before when switching from brand to generic.
I was perfectly controlled on Seratide but my medical practitioner advised me to change. As far as I can tell, Symbicort has no effect at all. I don 't get relief from the reliever part and I wake up coughing and spluttering. I still need to use ventolin. If I didn 't know better, I would say it was a placebo.
I switched from the Nuvaring to this at the advice from my endochronologist who said that the Nuvaring was messing with my thyroid and that she feels like my body cannot handle additional hormones in my body. Ive been on Lo Loestrin Fe for about 2 months and it has been the worst. Terrible mood swings, depression, bloating, constipation and no sex drive! I 'm 27 and to have no sex drive is crazy. I have anxiety disorder and this medicine has made it worse and is actually causing depression which according the side effects, is common. So I 'll be going back to the doctor and asking for something else. The only positive is that my period started as soon as I went to the white pills and wasn 't heavy or crampy.
I have been using Jublia for about 6 months on big toe, cannot tell if it is working, I had the fungus on both nails and got rid of it soaking in diluted bleach (a dermatologist told me to do this), but then it came back on one toe, so, I am trying Jublia, so far, getting it for free thru Walgreens, I have Blue Cross Blue Shield Insurance. I had also done the laser treatment too, and it didn 't work for me.
I was on acutane (claravis) the first 2 months my acne actually got worse but after that my face started clearing up. The reason I 'm not giving this a full 10 is because I had more negative effects than I did good. Granted, my acne did go away but only for it to come back 2 months after I was done. I didn 't experience a dry face which is a very common side effect but I did get horribly dry lips. My hair would fall out in CLUMPS through out the day. I gained 20 pounds while on this medication made my heart get irregular palpitations and I also experienced shortness of breath. My cholesterol levels were also all wacked out.Horrible joint pain! All of this for my acne to end up coming back.Think twice before putting your body though This
I 'm 21 and I have been on Tri-Sprintec for a month now and have not suffered from any mood swings whatsoever. I started taking this pill to calm down the irritation of endometriosis and cyst. Hopefully its been working because I have been experiencing stomach pains and nausea as if I was pregnant (early morning/night). I was wondering if anyone else has noticed any stomach pains(nothing like cramps). Overall the pill is okay.
Seroquel helped my mental status but I couldn 't take being tired all the time and the weight gain was ridiculous even with eating healthy and working out six days a week. To get off of it you have to taper so slow. When I dropped from 12.5mg to 0mg I went through terrible withdrawals way worse than stopping opiates. Throwing up, flu symptoms, I lived in bed and was close to wanting to just quit. I was worthless from day three of stopping to day nine. I woke up on day ten feeling back to my old self and so happy to be free of this stuff they call seroquel
Worked great for the first 3-4 months then nothing. Went right back to same misery I have dealt with for 20 years. Doctor even increased dosage  even though people without a gallbladder are not supposed to take the higher dosage. The higher dosage actually made things worse for me and the cramps last even longer than they normally do which is pretty bad so since it was no longer working I stop taking it. It did seem like a miracle drug at first but unfortunately I 'm one of the people that it no longer works for after three or four months.
I have had the implant for 3 years and am due to get it taken out next week. Whilst the implant has been effective at stopping pregnancy, I have had a lot of unpleasant side effects. One being weight gain, I have gained around 2.5 stone and always seem to bloated. Period wise, for the first year and a half I had no periods whatsoever until they came back and I got very light but painful periods every few months that lasted 2 days each time. Other things I have noticed are I get pain in my breasts occasionally, poor sex drive, bad mood swings and worsened eczema. I don 't plan on getting the implant again due to the side effects, however it seems to be effective at stopping pregnancy and stopping periods or making them light.
I had mirena inserted on May 27th.... Terrible pain but only for a minute. My doc was quick and talked me through the procedure. Since the 27th, I have bled constantly. It is terrible ... I have an extremely heightened sex drive but the bleeding is getting in the way. My husband wants it out he said I was better off without it. I have been very moody and tired. Also notice a weird odor but no infection is present. Ugh.
The first Implanon worked phenomenal. No periods, but, I did gain a lot of weight over the 3 years of having this birth control. I 've had a high increase in appetite, and lost energy. But, I decided to get another one. I 've now had the second one since September 28th, 2013. And now I 've been bleeding for 19 days as of today. I 've lost about 15 pounds in the last 3 weeks of the bleeding. And my appetite is still increasing. I have a little more energy, but, not as much as I did before ever getting the Implanon. I always have noticed that I 'm kinda &quot;dry&quot; down there, as before it was very lubricated... I 've also noticed that I 've had a lot of mood swings, and they 're more often than not. 
I had a yeast infection before so the doctor gave me an oral tablet and vaginal cream. It went a way for a few weeks then came back so I bought the this fire in a tube and this is my third night without sleep. I am going insane. The burning , itching is unbearable. I thought I was allergic or something. The pains of being a woman. I don 't know if I can continue to use this. For four more n ights!!
Nexplanon was effective I am not pregnant. But the side effects are terrible. I am getting it removed in a couple days. I would have periods for at least a month or sometimes longer. I took nexplanon for a year and a half. I had some weight gain and no sex drive because I was constantly on my period. I just feel as if there are more negatives than positives with nexplanon. I wouldn 't reccomend it. Nexplanon prevents pregnancy but makes the user miserable.
Thank you  'Drugs.Com '. for your list of severe side effects, I was able to explain to my Dr. why all these side effects that occurred within (3) weeks were the result of Trileptal. High fever, kidney infection with blood in the urine, extremely high PSA (from 0.5 to 13.3), elevated liver labs, positive/reactive for hepatitis B (after several labs, it was confirmed that it was negative), insomnia, total fatigue, etc. And the list continues, again this all happened within (3) weeks. After (2) rounds of antibiotics (PSA dropped down to 2.5), x-rays, cat scans, bladder/kidney tests confirmed that there was nothing wrong with my prostate, kidney or liver. Even after my experience I 'm happy so many of you have wonderful results! Good luck to all.
Worked fine the first five months of taking it. Around month six, I started getting horrible heavy, crampy, clotty breakthrough bleeding with cramps that were up there in terms of the worst I 've ever experienced. It started giving me horrible migraines that made me unable to function. However, it did do it 's job as a contraceptive. I never got pregnant the six months I was taking it, so three stars for it!
I have been on Venlafaxine up to 225 mg a day!-for almost 15 years..In July 2015 I began feeling very low and having great episodes of anxiety-I had a panic attack for the very first time in my life and bagan to realise the medication was no longer effective- I was referred to a Specialist depression drug consultant-I described my lack of energy and low mood -He thought I would benefit from introducing 50mg alongside the 150mg of Venlafaxine-So this is what I did- and felt wonderful-Until My GP said I Should taper the Venlafaxine off-I am now taking only the Sertraline 50mg-I am like a zombie- all I want to do is sleep-I crashed my car (15 years no claims) and have zero motivation-I will give it until the end of January and re consult the GP
I was put on Viibryd because of severe short term memory loss and anxiety. After taking it for about a month I haven 't been able to sleep through the night. Nausea, diarrhea, severe headaches, and since I moved up to the 20mg dose I have been having violent thoughts and starting getting suicidal thoughts. My legs twitch all night. Really frustrated will be seeing my doctor today. It has helped with my memory loss and episodes of confusions but side effects are bad. This medicine is not for me.
I was on metformin for over three years, it was working real well for a while then I end up in the hospital, I was so sick. I was tested for everything that they could think of in the hospital, My white blood cells went through the roof, indicating an infection, but there wasn 't any infection, the results was a reaction from the medication. I was taken off of it and everything returned to normal.
Horrible insomnia, even with diazepam and zolpidem. Unfortunately, can 't wait the &quot;few weeks&quot; to insomnia disappear, or my pain will get worse. I took escitalopram before for five weeks, and the insomnia didn 't abate
I was given 3 packs of Lolo for free from my women 's clinic so I decided to try it. I normally take Alesse and have been on a few other different brands in my lifetime. A few days after I started taking Lolo I started to bleed, I chalked this off as being spotting that some people experience (which I have never had before). The bleeding did not stop, it got worse and my vagina started to become painful and itchy. I bled throughout the entirety of the month I was taking Lolo and when I finished my pack of pills, I did not continue on another month. Within days of stopping taking them, I FINALLY stopped bleeding and the discomfort down there went away. I guess it worked effectively since I was completely unable to have sex while on it.
I 've had the nexplanon since early October 2014, so it 's been well over a year. As birth control, it is effective - but you have to be willing to put up with the side effects. The first thing I noticed was the acne. I 've never had perfect skin, but my acne has never been out of control before. And I 've never had acne on my chest or shoulders before, either. The mood swings are absolutely awful. Most of the time it 's unnoticeable, but then I 'll have a week where I feel like I 'm 13 and experiencing adolescence all over again! My periods are twice as heavy and twice and long as they are naturally. I heard such great things about the Nexplanon, so I thought it would work for me, too, since my doctor was strongly against me getting an IUD.
I was put on Avelox for a horrible sinus infection, and chest congestion. My doctor never mentioned any of the possible side effects. Within an hour of taking the first dose, I became very tired, weak, and I had heart palpitations and I had overwhelming anxiety. I am now on day 5, and the side effects have only progressed. The joint pain, and muscle cramping , heart fluttering, fatigue, muscle weakness, nausea, blurred vision, loss of appetite, and tremors are enough to scare anyone. It has helped my congestion and sinus infection, but there are other antibiotics that are just a good and so much safer. 
I 'm a 16 year old female and, I started taking Focalin three days ago, only 2.5. I take it at 7:15 am I notice when it wears of about three hours later. I don 't really have trouble falling asleep but I do kind of have trouble staying asleep. All day I have a sore throat and a runny nose, even once I 've already felt it wear off. When I stand up I get dizzy and have to stop and hold on to something to keep from falling. I 've also experienced high blood pressure from it and headaches that make my eyes water. When I look at a computer or T.V my eyes feel like I 'm about to fall asleep but I can 't close them except to blink.
I have severe anxiety and panic disorder. I was prescribed 25 mg of Atarax (hydroxyzine) and it does not seem to help what so ever with my panic attacks or my anxiety level.
I was on Paxil CR 25mg for 5 years and 37.5mg for about 1 year. My Doctor and I decided to ween me off due to feeling that it wasn 't working as it used to and I didn 't want to increase the dose. The weening process went too quickly and I suffered withdrawal symptoms- brain zaps, brain fog, crying, severe mood swings, just to name a few. I also had a rush of emotions that were hidden from being on it. My family and friends said that when I first started taking it, they noticed that I had been withdrawn but they thought that I was happy because my anxiety was gone. 
My physician prescribed me 20mg of paxil daily when I saw her for anxiety/depression.The first couple of days I had trouble sleeping and had a lot of energy, but no anxiety.  This drug definitely reduced my anxiety and I felt more sociable, but after a month or so I noticed that I couldn 't focus and I started to lose motivation to do anything and had no energy.  I felt more depressed than before I had started the medication, and on my days off from work I would end up sleeping all day.Quit cold turkey whike taking 5-htp and experienced the brain zaps for a couple days, but now I feel like myself again.   I can 't recommend this med.  I think exercise and good diet are more effective at improving my mood.
Took 5mg. Dizziness after I initially started taking, that vanished but occasionally cropped up once in a while. Felt pretty good. Happier. Thoughts that I would normally worry about still came to me, but I was able to think about them and dismiss them, not obsess over them ALL day. Some months later though I began becoming extremely emotional. I cried all the time, became so depressed getting dressed and brushing my teeth was a huge struggle; was paranoid, wanted to hurt myself, had crazy thoughts. I would sob at the drop of a hat, which ISN 'T like me at all. Took months of confusion, emptiness, anger, and loneliness to figure out it was the Buspar. Loved it in the beginning, but unfortunately it was not for me!
I was switched to Kariva because it was a generic version of the current birth control I was on. I do not recommend it. I would have my period normal one month and then I would get it again 2 weeks later. The second period would last for 2 weeks. It was great for controlling acne and I only gained 3 pounds being on it. It seemed to keep my mood swings down. The bad thing with it is I stopped taking it 2 months ago and I have not had a period since. I did a pregnancy test with my doctor and they verified that I was not pregnant. Down side of this is I went back to my regular birth control and I cannot start taking it until my period starts again.
I have not been happy with this medication. It causes extreme drowsiness, indigestion &amp; wakes me up within a few hours. I also find myself eating in the middle of the night. Since I tend toward depression, it makes me feel even more so.
The first few days I also (like others have posted) yawned non-stop. I was also sick to my stomach for about a week. The second week in I noticed that I lost the ability to get turned-on as easily by my fianc&eacute; which was incredibly annoying for me. She used to be able to have a couple orgasms during sex, and we made love several times a week. I 'm really frustrated because I 've lost such amazing sensation sexually. I 'm going to ask my doctor to taper me off of it, as soon as I can.
I took Actos 45 mg for about 2 years an had swelling in my legs and muscle pain as side effects. Actos did bring my HbA1C down to 5.9 so it was great for blood sugar control but the side effects just got to be to much to handle. I tried switching to glucophage during that time but could not tolerate it due to stomach problems. My doctor is now switching me to glipizide and we 'll see how that goes.
The taste was awful and seemed to get progressively worse the more I drank. I probably drank twice the water recommended just trying to get the first bottle down, and then got so nauseous that I almost couldn 't keep the last bit in. Experienced some cramping, but it wasn 't terrible. However there was nothing gentle about the bathroom experience. Recommend baby wipes, plenty of toilet paper, a jar of Vaseline, and an ice pack. Of course, take my experience with a grain of salt -- my system has always been overly sensitive. But I won 't be doing this again.
I got on the nexplanon on March 2015. When I was 140, I have recently got it taking out and I now weigh 170. I gained 30 pound while on this birth control. I also had mood swings, pain from the birth control to my elbow, head aches, my breast was always hurting. I didn 't like this birth control method at all and I would not recommend it to anyone else as well. This and the depo shot has been the worst birth control methods I have ever used. I suggest not to use this birth control method at all.
Latuda took away the voices, but caused me to have bad thoughts and depression especially at night. It however, allowed me to lose 20 lbs. I discontinued it and started on Geodon last week my mood has dramatically improved and I feel great.  Hopefully it doesn 't cause weight gain.
Implanon isn 't a slow release of hormones like other birth controls I 've used. Within the first 300 hours (approximately 12 days) the hormonal release is a mess. I 've had my Implanon for a week now and have been experiencing terrible mood swings, depression, and sensitivity. But I know I will slowly adjust. I suffer depression to begin with, and honestly I 've never felt as lost as I do right now. Slowly my symptoms are becoming more controllable and less frightening. The fifth and sixth days were my worst. I can already feel things getting better. I would recommend the Implanon, but people need to understand there is no magic birth control. There are negative side effects with all of them. You just have to decide if they 're worth it.
My experiences with this birth control were almost identical to the others I 've read-it 's nice to know I have company. I had (2) Implanons put in and removed. Upside: 1) totally effective contraception! 2) You don 't have to worry about remembering to take anything. 3) No calls to your pharmacy or monthly cost. Downsides: 1) Constant spotting-never knew when it would stop or start. I pretty much always had to wear protection due to this. 2) Moodiness-My frame of mind kind of made me feel crazy and hormonal at certain times, worse than I 've ever experienced. 3) The weight gain! :( I 've always been really small, so this was an unpleasant surprise to me (especially when I got married last year). Just got it removed and switched to the pill!
I 've been on this for a month. The symptoms I was put on this medicine to control are under control. It 's worked great for that. The problem lies with the side effects. I 'm sleepy constantly. I went from sleeping less than 4 hours a night to sleeping more than 12 hours a day. I 'm exhausted. I 've put on weight and I have a stuffy nose, head cold symptoms all the time. If I miss a dose the cold like symptoms let up but when I take the next dose its back in full force. I have been &quot;sick&quot; for the last month. No medicine that I 've been put on for the &quot;cold/allergies&quot; help. It has to be the Fanapt causing it. I 'm miserable. I stopped taking it 2 days ago and the cold just magically went away. Imagine that!
After being on this medication for several months, I finally reached a dosage (600mg) that helped. I needed this to calm down my manic state. This being said, I gained close to 20lbs. As a 18 year old girl, this affected my confidence greatly. I was on a vegan diet for 7 months prior to being on this medication, and stayed on the diet while taking it. My weight was stable around 125 for all those months, however upon starting I went up to 145. Not to mention how absolutely exhausted this medication made me. I highly suggest trying to find another medication.
I had used this product before and never had a problem. It seemed to help clear up the infection quite quickly. But I recently got another yeast infection and decided to use the product again. I would not reccomend it at all. I got intense burning in my lower region. It got so uncomfortable within about 5 minutes that I had to take a shower and wipe all the medicine out. Afterwards I was still in pain. Do not get monistat. At all. Yeast infections already itch and monistat made it 100 times worse, plus insane burning. Hopefully I won 't have any rashes or swelling like the others. Definently go see a doctor and get a prescription.
I have been on Seasonique since grade 10 of high school because my periods were very irregular. For the first year and a half it worked perfectly with no side effects whatsoever. But now every third month of the pack, I spot heavily the whole time. I have brought more liners and pads then I ever would have had to. I absolutely love having my period only 4 times a year but now its like I 'm having a month long period every 3 months. I am considering switching to something else because I don 't know if I can keep living with it. If anyone has an explanation for why this is happening please share it with me.
I started this birth control on the 1st day of my period exactly 2 weeks ago. I started to notice some extreme headaches within the first week that would not go away no matter what I did. I wasn 't absolutely sure it was the pill that caused it, I thought maybe it was from oversleeping. However here I am two weeks later bleeding, and having unbearable cramps whereas before I would bleed for 5 days with minor cramps. I just stopped taking it 2 days ago so I 'm hoping the side affects go away soon. I know birth control affects everyone differently I just couldn 't deal with the headaches. Hoping the Nexaplanon side affects aren 't too bad.
I use Lyrica 75mg (4 X day), Fentanyl Patch and Percocet up to 8 times a day and I have little times that my feet aren 't throbbing.  My A1C is 6 and I am not on insulin.  There has to be something out there that can help.  I have been on Cymbalta, Neurontin,and many others.
I was on 1mg of risperdone at night for psychotic symptoms from my depression. It didn 't help with the voices, although it did make me feel calmer about things. It 's apparently meant to be sedating although I didn 't find this. Side effects I experienced were increased prolactin (normal is anything below 500 and mine was 16,000!) so I 've had to discontinue it due to high levels of prolactin, and it also upset my stomach!
Not a huge fan. I started taking Ocella about 9 months ago only as birth control. It was my first experience being on the pill.Good: NEVER GOT PREGNANT!Meh: I went up a full cup size (C to a D, but I already have a small frame so I didn 't celebrate)Bad: It gave me terrible nausea, headaches and migraines. I started having awful mood swings and felt like I was always lashing out. Period didn 't change, I still had an extremely heavy flow for at least a week with little to no spotting before or after and said goodbye to too many pairs of cute panties. Worst of all, it brought an a horrible bout of depression that I 'm still dealing with.I recently switched to another birth control with lower estrogen, so hopefully it goes better this time.
I 've been on this medication now for 11 days and on the 10th day I got a bad rash on my whole body from neck to toe. I 've stopped the medication and will continue when the rash goes away. I also have had my blood pressure raise quite a bit. I don 't really like the way the medicine makes me feel but if it will give me a few more years on this earth I guess I can make a go of it!
I went 4 days without a substantial bowel movement due to a side effect of prescription. After feeling major effects of conscription I took 2 pills with a glass of water at 10pm. Around 6 hours later at 4am, I awoke to serious cramping. The cramping was the worst pain I have ever felt in my entire life and lasted for about 5 hours until around 9am. It was then that I was able to pass some solid bowel movements and then went straight to severe diarrhea. Guess it did what it was supposed to but the pain was absolutely unbearable.
I got this after my son was born! Boy that was the worst idea ever! I 've always weighed around 120 after having my son I was 130 at my 6 week checkup and then at my next appt 2 months later I weighed 157. I have tried everything to lose weight and nothing works! I used to love sex and this has killed my sex drive completely like I never feel like having sex ever. I bleed for at least 3 weeks out of the month. When I get this taken out I 'll never use this again!
So I 've been on other birth control pills before but this one definitely has some side effects I didn 't experience before. I 've become more moody, losing weight (which for me isn 't a plus because I 'm trying to gain weight lol ) and has my face breaking out. Its only been 2 weeks so I 'm going to see how this works for the next month or so just to see if there will be any changes. But just keep in mind EVERYONE BODY TAKES THINGS DIFFERENTLY. So yes some of these reviews are good but you won 't know unless you personally try.
I have been on the Nuva Ring for about two months and while I know it takes a few months for your body to get acclimated, this has been a nightmare. I have tried a variety of different forms of birth control and none have given me more symptoms than this. My sex drive has always been above average and since being on this birth control, I have had zero desire to have sex and when I do, it takes quite a bit of foreplay to get me only barely wet. On top of that, my mood swings are INSANE. I have been more angry in these last two months than in my whole 25 years of life. While it is great for convenience, I would not recommend this certain type of birth control to anyone.
I was given Doryx for acne and it seems to have made it worse. 
Works fast and was effective for me, but the side effects left me in never-never land.  Could not think straight, had no short-term memory, was dizzy, and had no sense of time.  Good Luck and keep trying till you find one that works for you.
This drug works mildly, not as well as stimulant medications like adderall.   Unfortonately while it mildly boosted concentration and motivation it severely increased my anxiety, ,heart rate, and tremors.   Stimulant medications actually decreased my natural tremors.   My pupils were always dialated as well.  To me this drug is a stimulant like super caffeine not a medicational stimulant.
I had the same experience as bestyloo who posted on July 28, 2015. However my condition started in May 2015, 1 month after taking the product. The condition is called Acute generalised exanthematous pustulosis (AGEP) and is very rare and painful. It takes approximately 1 month to heal. My body was literally burning itself from the inside out. We know for a fact that this condition was a result of the Contrave because I was not taking any other medications or OTC drugs. For almost 1 month anything that touched my skin was the most excruciating pain imaginable! I saw 4 doctors who all told me I looked like a picture out of a medical book. I sent documentation of this to the company who has yet to respond. Stay AWAY from this drug!!!
Oh boy. This was prescribed for my second colonoscopy (did mag citrate the first time). The first dose was at 5 pm and I managed to get all of it down by chugging apple juice/broth between gulps. Used a straw the second time around (3 am). It 's definitely cleaned me out but the taste and side effects are getting to me. I wasn 't able to totally finish the second dose (got through 3/4 of it) as I became terribly nauseous and knew if I kept going I 'd lose what I had managed to get down. The taste is beyond description (salty cherry does no justice to the monstrosity, in my opinion). Dr said not to use flavor packets with it so I diluted with cold water and chilled the bottle for dose #2 as advised on here. Will not be using Suprep again.
This is the 7th day that I 'm taking this birth control. I still don 't know how will it affect on my period but so far it made me break out on my chin and around my mouth. It gives me bad headaches and makes me depressed. There is no way I will continue taking this birth control.
I started out on 10mg, worked a couple of nights, slept great, then it didn 't work anymore, just be awake wishing I could sleep.Dr raised dose to 20mg. Worked great for about 10 nights, now I 'm here awake wishing I could fall asleep.No bad dreams or paralysis, just can 't fall asleep.Going back to try something else.Dang it! Was hoping this would work.
I have been on Lexapro for years. Due to no sex drive I was placed on Viibryd. I had the worst adverse reaction.. after four weeks went from doing well on Lexapro TO violent, hearing things, paranoid. I stopped the medicine and went back to Lexapro. 
I am on my 2nd week and I have the following effects: tender breasts, bad moods, nausea, eating habits changed.
I took medication first day with food. I was very restless, sweating. I had to change clothes 3 times. Caused my heart to race. My head was hurting so bad. The reason I was taking medicines was to calm down my migraines. I didn 't like medication at all!
I was taking carvedilol 3.125mg bid and it stopped working shortly after starting a stressful job and a death in my family. I wasn 't able to get it under control so my cardiologist started me on bystolic 10mg qd. I was pleased with it 's quick results bringing my BP down to the normal range. Now I have realized that I am tired all the time, I have no sex drive and I don 't really care about much of anything. I can sleep all day on my days off. I have gained 30 lbs over the last year! I got my old rx filled today for the carvedilol and along with diet and exercise, I 'm hoping to get back to my old self again. I can 't deal with the fatigue anymore. Not to mention the price of $60 per month.
Prescribed by the doctor as after coming off the pill I broke out in spots. First time I used it I had a severe reaction. I felt a burning &amp; tight sensation on my face, looked in the mirror &amp; it looked like I had been burnt. I took an antihistamine straight away. Nothing changed after 2 hours so attended the hospital who advised me that I had received the worst allergic reaction they had ever seen. 
I am 21 and have not had children yet. My husband and I thought Mirena was a good idea because we want to wait a few years to conceive since I am in college still, and we want to be more settled before we start trying. Well I was nervous about the procedure, which was pretty painful but all I said was woah! No tears or anything so it wasn 't THAT bad. However, since I have had Mirena (4 months) I have had heavy cramping (like if I stand up I get lightheaded and the pain is almost unbearable) and unpredictable periods with light to really, really heavy bleeding. I am going to give it 2 more months, however my husband is seriously encouraging me to have it taken out since he hates seeing me in intense pain regularly.
I took this for 4 months. I had just gotten off of Orsythia and that gave me terrible deppression and anxiety throughout my menstrual cycle.  This pill however, did the same, BUT only for the 1st week. I thought for a bit that it was a fair trade off for not getting pregnant. So I 'll shorten this and make some pros and consPros:Extremely regular period (I was before I took bc however)Only 4 days long ( used to be 7-9)Libido stayed the same NO ACNE ( a little break out nearing period)ConsVery bad memory problems (I 'd forget what I was saying mid-sentence. And I usually keep track of things extremely well)I still had crampsAnxietySelf-image issues Worse visionGained a bit of weightVery manic ( very very happy or very very sad)
At first I felt better, but it didn 't last.  I still had that nasty taste at the back of my throat.  I 've had a quick response to Augmentin, after one tablet and overnight the nasty taste is gone.
This pill made my anxiety terrible!!! My hormones were so out of wack while taking the pill. I would get so dizzy which was very scary. Not to mention my breasts always hurt. The different amount of hormones each week really messes with your body! I used to be on just sprintec and it was way better than tri sprintec  '!!
I was given this right after surgery from a car accident; it made me really sick and the side effects kept me crying the whole time I was on it.    It did help with the pain a little, but not enough to counter the side effects!
Works well but not sure if I want to keep using it
I have had so much problems with this pill. Since I have taken it I feel like I am pregnant when I know I am not. I have lost a lot of weight on it though. It really didn 't help me. I have been bleeding for 3 months now with it. But everyone 's body is different.
I wrote a review on 12/2015 unfortunately I had to stop using copaxone because I got bad reactions. The last one was body shaking like if I had a machine connected to my body for one hour my buttocks muscle shaking so much. I got very scared and stopped medication. It 's been 2 months and I don 't think I will go back to it. I am just trying to eat healthy I cut all lacteos and red meat. 
In the airforce I had a quack colonel who decided to change my xanax to buspar. It was so bad I could not stand up with or without taking it with food. It felt like daydreaming. Luckily I was put back on xanax.
This has slowed my period down which is what I want. It 's nice that if I decide to do anything with my spouse that I don 't have to remember anything. I have been having major spotting and some shooting pains. My doc said the pain isn 't from this but it started after I got this. I do not like the spotting or pain.
I 've had the Mirena for two years and it has not been that great to me. It was not always terrible. The first 6-8 months were awesome. Then I started to gain weight, developed moderately severe acne, and after a year I started having heavier periods than before. I didn 't flow on a normal schedule either. I also had more intense cramping and mood swings. I 'm finally going to the doctor, because the benefits no longer outweigh the side effects.
I gave this drug a 4 because of what it did to me, and what they didn 't mention at the time, also because what it did to a friend of mines daughter, as far as a seizure drug and mood stabilizer a perfect drug.  controls most seizure in people. But I was on this drug for over 10 years . No one said it could affect my bone density at the time.  At 29 I got diagnosed with osteoporosis. I am not happy. I have multiple back issues now and spinal fractures. They did not heal correctly and I am in constant pain. I have to be on at least 3000mg Vitamin d3 for life.  My friend is older and her daughter was born with brain abnormalities
I 've been on tramadol for over a year now,I lost my left leg Iraq in 2005. The V.A. is no longer writing prescription for narcotics pain killers as per the U.S. government. So here I sit day after day in pain.  Thanks V.A. I put my life on the line and this is the way you repay me, not only me but 1000 's of disabled veterans.
OMG my vagina is on fire!!!!! I just put the 1-Day Maximum Strength Treatment Miconazole. I am really regretting putting it on. I can 't sleep it burns so bad. I was reading some of the review and people seem to suggest that the cream is what makes it worse but Idk. I just went to the bathroom to wipe it off with the cooling wipes and that stuff burns so bad. I just finished putting A&amp;D ointment, I really hope that helps. But as of right  now, I AM DYING!!!!!!
I have been taking Rytary for the last 9 days, and it worked great at night since I was sleep. But it worked about 30%-40% for me as soon as I put something in my mouth.  I had a small apple yesterday and took my pills 2 1/2 hours later, and I was stiff, with almost no movement for the next 2 hours. Today I had a very light vegii lunch at noon, took Rytary at 3pm which worked about 30%, and I finally decided to take my Parcopaat 6pm  on top of Rytary! I would vote for Rytary at night only.
I got Nexplanon in November 2012, I didn 't know when it started working because I was in bootcamp but I don 't think I got my period for 3-4 months. When I do get my period, I don 't know how long it will last because the 1st one I got was 4 days, and the one after was 2 weeks. The only REALLY BAD thing I 've found is weight gain. I 've been able to get rid of some of the weight, but not enough to where I feel comfortable with myself again. I think I gained 22lbs I went from 116lbs to 138lbs. Aside from that, it works great.
Feel better after two weeks but the smell is objectionable. Takes multiple washings to remove from clothes. My wife has allergies to scents and the odor gives her a headache. She also feels aggressive just from the aroma. I have been extremely careful about avoiding contamination.  One of our cats even goes nuts smelling my tee shirt.
It 's not worth it. I had one dose and bled for 3 months non stop and felt like a whole different person, I was constantly worrying and giving everyone attitude. I 've been off it for 6 weeks now and I 'm feeling a bit better, hoping my next period comes regular. Overall the only side effects I experienced were anxiety, mood swings, a long period and, I would sometimes get short but sharp back aches. The worst thing I did was read all the horror stories because I got paranoid. You just have to wait it out. I would not recommend this method.
This med is rubbish . I can 't sleep  I have insomnia weight gain feel like garbage.  It was helpful for first 4 months.
I have a different experience then I 'm reading here I 've completed 10 days and haven 't lost anything in fact I gained a pound I had previously lost.
I had side effects that are difficult to explain. I felt like I was decaying inside and never felt right about a month or so after starting -- I missed a few doses one week due to not having my med and being away from home and I felt better after just two doses missed! I had an MRI 6 1/2 months in and had active lesions on my spine - brain MRI showed minimal change but in the same breath no improvement toward lesions and size. I had vision blurriness that I never experienced my eyes would go weak 2 min of focus, I was told not due to the medicine. My other meds were not as effective as they were prior to starting Aubagio and my Lyrica was tripled in dosage. My skin was dry and I depression got worse and depression was better once stopped.
Avoid this drug at all costs!  I took it to bring down my prolactin levels which it did but I had some extreme side effects.  Severe depression, fatigue, lack of motivation just to name a few.
I 've had the implanon for just over a year now and I 've never felt so low in my life. I suffer from mental issues and I feel as this has made it worse. It is good for preventing pregnancy but the side affects are too scary. I 've had multiple pregnancy symptoms which keep scaring me. I also gain weight, no motivation to do anything and really bad mood swings which affect others around me so I think it 's time to take this thing out and see a bigger difference!
On the medication for 8 weeks now. Terrible mood swings, bloated all the time, face constantly breaking out (after contraception,  I 'm taking it too clear my face), mild weight gain, very light periods- if any, SEVERE nausea and constipated since the day I started the medication. Symptoms were so bad, I thought I was pregnant for a while....took 4 pregnancy tests over 3 weeks time to convince me it was just the severe side effects of birth control. I take no other medications on a consistent basis.
I just finished my third pack of the pills and overall, I have gained weight, my acne got worse, but in all honesty, I have been eating pure sh*t while on the pill and even before so I can 't really say if the acne and weight gain came from taking the pill. I also got migraines and felt nauseous sometimes. I did not get the pill to prevent pregnancy because I 'm not having sex at all lol I just got on the pill to regulate my period and so far, it is doing that.
I have taken Ambien (10mg) on several occasions for short periods of time and it worked just fine (knocked me out in 20min and gave me 5 to 6 hours of sleep). But, my doctor recently added Ambien CR to my nightly cocktail and it has not worked like the doctor or the website said it would. I have been taking it for a week. I expected it to knock me out and keep me asleep. I have done everything like I have been told to do and have been taking it before bed and all it has been doing is taking 3 to 4 hours to knock me out and makes me totally loopy in the morning. The effect is basically lengthened and delayed. I am hoping to switch back to original Ambien  formula when I see the doctor next month!
This stuff is SO gross! I 've managed to drink down 1/2 the Gallon so far, and NO bowel movement. It tastes so hideous I feel like i might puke. Not sure how I can keep drinking this.
I am on day 4 for the 7 day monistat and I cannot believe how bad the itching is. Each day I thought it would get better or go away but nope its still there about 2 minutes after inserting. I 've been laying here for 45 minutes finally it is starting to go away. I took Tylenol today as soon as the itching started and now getting some relief. The last 3 days the itching lasted about 2-3 hours. I haven 't had a yeast infection in 4 years but I don 't remember it feeling like this when I took it the last time. I will say that after day 2 my yeast infection symptoms were completely gone throughout the day. Only issue is this itching after inserting the product. I recommend taking Tylenol before inserting cream probably about 30 minutes prior
When my psychiatrist finally put me on 1 mg. of Rexulti, it was a life saver. My latest depressive episode seemed intractable until then, but a major drawback has been sleep interruption, often as early as 3 am. My mind races and it 's often more fun to get up than to stay in bed. I rarely sleep beyond 6 am, no matter how late I go to sleep. My much valued afternoon naps have also become infrequent too. I also take Pamelor 75 mg. per day and Seroquel 75 mg. per day. Doctor said that I 'd have to come off the Seroquel since it 's the same drug family as the Rexulti. Well, I 've decided to get off the Rexulti and keep my Seroquel since the Seroquel helps me sleep and wears off by morning. Rexulti is absurdly expensive.
The med does work very well. Side effects make it unbearable. I 'm quitting the use of this product.
My doctor suggested this for endometriosis. 6 months of injections, total agony. The injection itself is tolerable if the person giving it knows what they are doing. Every symptom of menopause hit me within 2 or 3 weeks. No weight gain. It did stop my periods. After 4 years of suffering and 2 of that in and out of doctors I 'm completely frustrated and exhausted.
Did nothing for depression + did nothing for neuropathy.
I was put on metoprolol 50mg after my heart started to race every time I would move or do anything. The 50mg helped some but didn 't keep it all the way down so then they tried me on 100mg which did the trick while I was moving but then when I wasn 't it was dropping between 30-40beats so then they tried just 25mg 4 times a day and I was still having problems. It made me tired. I don 't know if part of the problem is the doctors I have been seeing don 't know what exactly is wrong with my heart and why it does this. Just yesterday I went to the ER after being in the hospital for a week and the doctor gave me propranolol 10mg 3 times a day which is helping. 
I 've had chronic hives for most of my life.   I can 't tell you the different types of medical &quot;cocktails&quot; I 've been on.   I 've tried doxepin up to 100 mg.... made me loopy all day long.  Don 't really want to take anything that will mess with my brain.   I 've taken Benadryl, Claritin, Zyrtec,  Zyrtec w/Zantac, I 've switched antacids --- be careful with Prilosec.  That will lower your B12 quicker than anything.   Mine got so low, I had to start giving myself B12 shots from taking the Prilosec.   Nothing is working for me!   I am miserable beyond comprehension!   If anyone has any other suggestion, please post.  Thank you.
My experience with this drug wasn 't pleasant. I got completely blocked after 5 days of taking the pills and was unable to do both number 1 and 2. Even my period was late, which does not normally happen. I ended up in an emergency room with severe stomach pains. The other side effects such as lack of concentration, tiredness and headache were easy to deal with, it is just a matter of getting used to them. I would have stayed on those pills because I felt less need to urine than I used to, which finally has given me a relief, however I had no other choice then stop taking them, and take pills to help me move the urine and bowel motion out of my body.
I 've had my implant since 4/28/16. It 's now June 28th. Honestly I wanted to try something that have the benefits of birth control without the hassle of remembering to take pills because I constantly forget. But I 've been miserable. I 've only had a two week period without bleeding or spotting. To me the spotting is substantial enough where I 'm uncomfortable to have sex with my fianc&eacute; and mind you our second baby is 4 months old so we can count how many times we have had sex. We are getting married in just over a month and I 'm stressed that I would still be bleeding by then smh. I honestly wouldn 't recommend this product to anyone, however your experience might be different.
I was prescribed levaquin for pneumonia. And yes it treats pneumonia, but the nausea and overall feeling of stomach cramps and brain fogginess made me quit five days in, I had to work or at least talk to clients and the way the levaquin made me feel I couldn 't do that.  I could barely talk try family, let alone friends, I felt so bad. I quit the levaquin,  but most likely will need another antibiotic. Because the lung rattling and the whistling noises when I breathe are back, but no fever yet. It absolutely was the levaquin making me so sick to my stomach because when I don 't take it, I don 't have those symptoms
This is the WORST med ever! There is absolutely nothing &quot;gentle&quot; about it. I 've tried it 3 x 's &amp; have given up. First the cramps were unbearable, to the point where the pain was so bad I started sweating real bad, my hands were clammy, I was dizzy, I felt like I was dying. I literally almost passed OUT! They need to pull this off the market!
Major itching at the injection site. No weight loss, but very good drop in A1C within 1st week. Improvements are subtle but the itching is driving me insane. Thinking of going to another form of the medication...by mouth.
Although the convenience of only once a week is fabulous, the patch made me a complete emotional mess, there is no other way to say it.  I was on the pill for 20 years with no side effects at all, so it has to be the extra estrogen.  I could not even wait out the first month before I simply had to take it off.  I suppose it may have gotten better, but I was irritable, over-sensitive, depressed, anxious and generally felt like I was going to come out of my skin. It also increased my appetite noticeably.  Within hours of taking it off, I felt more calm and more myself.
I have had 2 children and have tried almost all methods of birth control. I really liked the Nuvaring. I used it for about 2 years and prior to my 2nd child for 1 year. I recently noticed that I couldn 't accurately place it in me, or it would slide out all the time, and I had zero sex drive. My mood swings weren 't bad, my periods were regular but it became uncomfortable. I have since switched over and trying something new.
This drug I was given trying to reduce tremors which my medical team they believe it is due to Lithium taken for 30 years.  I have been taking Aripirazole 2 mg for 17 days.  The tremors have not really reduced ... but the positive effects are more energy, feeling more upbeat, sleeping same.  Some of this I think is I had to reduce the Lithium so it may be an offset .  I am monitoring the Manic side of my disorder though ... I want to be careful.  I am easily distracted, get headaches, lightheaded, off balance, blurred vision at night, heartburn, body pain, constipation.  I am going to stay on this med at least until I see my Therapist on the 17th unless I have more side effects which then I would find out how to wean off.
I liked this medication when I first got it but after awhile I started to get migraines, dizziness, hot flashes, weight gain, heavy bleeding and severe depression.
I take this along with Baclofen to try and calm the tone and muscle spasms. Since adding the Xanaflex my muscle spasms don 't last as long.  However they do still occur quite frequently.
I do want to preface by restating a previous poster 's statement about every woman 's body is different and react differently to different hormones and birth control. The Implanon was my ideal birth control method. I had lost a lot of weight after my pregnancy, but my weight loss stagnated once I got the Implanon. I gain back all the weight I had lost and still struggle to lose weight. While I am concerned about my weight and health concerns related to being overweight, I am also concerned about my emotional and mental stability. Over the last couple months, I have been getting a lot of headaches, which I have very rarely ever had and I just wake up angry some mornings or I just don 't feel anything. But you might not have these problems.
I have been on Contrave for 5 weeks. I was super lucky didn 't have any side affects except a little constipation. The fist 2 weeks down 5 lbs great. Now nothing for 3 weeks. I 've actually gained 2 lbs back. I eat less than 1400 calories and exercise. Guess it 's not enough for me bc its not helping. Sad days. 
I started 10mg lexapro 5 days ago for anxiety. I had been free from mirtazapine for about 9 days before starting. At first I though I had a tummy bug and stayed in bed the next day.... 5 days later and I 'm still in bed and yesterday spoke with my doc who said to stop taking them. I was a complete nervous wreck... more than I had ever been without meds. Neither of the previous 2 meds (paxtine and mirtazapine) had side effects like this. This med is not for me sadly.
My mother was on this as well for 6 weeks when the delusions started. The pharmacist said that it would take a little while to get out of her system. I did see a major improvement in her short term memory! Maybe the drug makers could alter the recommended dosage to once a week since this seems to be a build up before we see the delusions happen. I didn 't want to take her off of it because of the improvement, but I did not want her to continue to wander out of the house because of the voices she was hearing.
I took this for a couple of weeks, did see some improvement in appetite control, but had terrible pain in abdomen and urinary infections. Had To Stop. Getting off of it was a little rough too, some depression and headaches.
This seems to have kept my crohns under control for periods at a time.. But I realise especially after reviewing others experiences that I have developed psoriasis due to the humira. It is so bad now all over my scalp I have a lot of hair loss. It 's all about weighing things up I know, but now my skin is reacting to my ileiostomy bag. I have no choice but to stop it. My skin reacts to anything. What a shame. It seems this drug suits many people, but also completely doesn 't work for many others.
Irregular inconsistency on pain control . Many break thru pain through  out day . Helps with low pain and mild pain but not for break thru severe pain .
I have irregular menstrual cycles I 've started taking Trinessa to help regulate my cycle, I am only on my 2nd week but I don 't like the side effects. I am nauseous all day and it affects my mood shortly after taking it, I go from happy and productive to moody and sluggish. I also have headaches, muscle and breast soreness. I have not stop bleeding either I have been spotting the entire time and as I go along it seems to get heavier. I was not expecting for it to start working to stop my elongated period immediately but the all day nauseous and mood change is the worst, I will try to complete the month but I not sure if the is the option for me.
I feel like it makes my symptoms worse. I get this cold, tingling feeling in my throat and it feels like someone 's sitting on my back. I 've been on it for a few years. If anything, it makes me need to use my inhaler more
Before I started taking this I was very easy going and rarely let little things get to me. As soon as I started taking it I got horrible mood swings, which have continued on and off ever since (I give my boyfriend all the credit in the world for putting up with it). Also immediately started gaining weight, about 30 lbs until I basically started starving myself. Plus my breasts grew from about a C to a DD and starting to feel saggy, which wreaks all kind of havoc on my back and stomach muscles. My periods have been very heavy and previous were always very light. It seems like the only days I 'm not bloated are when I take the placebos. I only rated as high as I did because I haven 't gotten pregnant :p (yet)
I am a 28 year old healthy female. I was diagnosed with Supraventricular Tachycardia just recently and was put on Toprol XL 25 mg. I have only had a few minor attacks since being on this medication however I have side effects - Constantly exhausted and don 't feel like myself and I have a heavy feeling in my chest which is extremely uncomfortable.  Side effects have not subsided much since I started the medication 5 weeks ago. The side effects are bad enough to where I 'm tempted to stop taking it and take my chances with the SVT! My doctor is recommending ablation procedure in hopes of that solving my problem and get me off the medication.
I FINALLY GOT IT TAKEN OUT AND I FEEL LIKE A WHOLE NEW PERSON!! I had no pain getting it out and I cried from relief from how much better I immediately felt. Back on the pill but I would NEVER recommend this to ANYONE!!! I don 't care about the effectiveness, the side effects were NASTY AND ABSOLUTELY MISERABLE. So bummed I wasted a year on this crap!
I have had Mirana in now for almost 3 years, and will get it removed next week. I have gained almost 50lbs since I have started using this. I have gone through periods of depression and have no energy! I have also had multiple pelvic infections caused by Mirena. I am happy that I will soon have this removed and be back to my thin happy self again! Oh the only plus about this is that I have not had a period since insertion, but I bled almost every time I had sex.
I 've been on orsynthia since I was 14. I am now almost 19. I am nauseous a lot and cry for no reason. I am very moody all of the time and and have a lot of mood swings. I have an EXTREMELY low sex drive, to the point that I think it will ruin my relationship some day. I am sexually active but I am always safe using condoms so I haven 't gotten pregnant. For me, orsynthia has stopped the clotting during my periods but I still will get cramps and my periods will sometimes be very heavy. I never got acne so that hasn 't been a problem for me. If I were you I would steer clear of orsynthia and make this your last choice birth control.
I 've had mine for a little over a year. Trying to schedule its removal. Never have had issues with depression, anxiety. And this past year I ended up in a mental hospital from severe depression, back in September. I 'm on medication now, and it sucks. Great on having no period. But I stopped having a sex drive, on top of the horrible depression. Needless to say, I did my research but never thought I would be one of the few to suffer with the depression side effect so strongly. Wish I could rate it better but for anyone considering this as your form of birth control be aware of the side effects and the signs of them, before they become to severe.
I had intense sneezing for 2 days. My dad went to the medical shop and asked for a tablet to control it. The chemist gave montelukast and after one tablet in the night continuous movement and slight restlessness in the night, though it stopped the sneezing.
I had the Mirena inserted after the birth of my 2nd child. I have had the Mirena for 3 1/2 years now and at first it was fine, very light periods and eventually no periods at all. My husband did complain a few times about the strings during intercourse but that 's about it. However for about the last year and a 1/2 I have had crazy side effects off and on: weight loss (not complaining about that) anxiety, depression, no sex drive, nausea, sore breast, bloating, stomach pain, cystic acne. You name it I 've got it. I have 2 boys (3 &amp; 4) and they stay active but now I just have no energy. I know everyone reacts differently to birth control but I honestly believe that these side effect come with time so just keep an eye on your behavior changes.
I started depo in April of 2015 because of extremely painful periods. At first it was great, I had no period the month following, but then in June I started spotting, it wasn 't a full blown period but it lasted for nearly 3 weeks. Then came the next shot in July; no period for a month &amp; then spotting for 2 weeks. Then the October shot; same thing except I started spotting early January which lasted up until I was due for my next shot. I 'm wanting to switch to the pill. It was great for lessening cramps, but terrible for the ongoing bleeding. My acne got worse, I didn 't become depressed, I didn 't gain weight, but I 've been the same weight for 4 years, sex drive may have lessened, &amp; I 'm not pregnant.
Okay so I 'm 15 and I 've been on this birth control for almost 3 months. I 've never been more emotional or sad in my life. I didn 't know what it was until I found this website. My mood swings have been crazy and have effected my relationship. Besides that, my skin is clearer, I 've lost weight, my appetite is really small, but my breasts are larger  and nothing has changed with my period, it 's not lighter or heavier, I 'm hoping that changes soon though. I might change to a different contraceptive because the moody thing is way too much but besides that I 'm not pregnant so yeah
I have been on Aviane for about a year and I have had a lot of breakthrough bleeding.  My period is not predictable like it is on most birth controls.  I just called my doctor to get put on something else.  I also got pretty bad headaches while on this birth control.
I took two A.M. doses of prescribed 15 mg phentermine over the course of two days. I experienced &quot;amphetamine comedown&quot; symptoms in the evening of both days, including some minor chest pains and pressure, so I decided to discontinue the pills. I then had to endure a 3-day unpleasant amphetamine withdrawal period. From two small doses. I know I am sensitive to drugs, especially &quot;uppers&quot; and &quot;downers&quot; so I suppose that was the reason why this happened to me while attempting phentermine for weight loss. I will never take it again because I did not feel safe while on it. Just be careful if you are sensitive to substances. Ask for the 8 mg dose to start and know that the drug puts a strain on your cardiovascular system.
I got the Liletta November 2016. I had gone off birth control when I was 21 after being on the pill/nuva ring for 6 years. I am now 27 and am in a serious relationship, so I decided to get an IUD. I don 't like it. I am going to get the strings trimmed in a few weeks when I go in for my annual. My boyfriend can feel it almost every time we have sex, and the strings have CUT him. I had my period for the first month straight, and then regular/heavy spotting till April. I get random pangs of discomfort pretty regularly in my uterus/cervix. It honestly feels like my body is just angry and rejecting the IUD.  I also experience mood swings and I have never been so emotionally sensitive in my life.
Nexplanon was a  'success&rsquo; for me, in that it turned sex into a bloodbath, and took away my self-esteem to the point where I didn&rsquo;t want sex at all. I had a constant period for the first 10 months, and after that, very irregular cycles (sometimes with adverse PMS mood swings and no period to follow), anxious and depressive episodes, and no sex drive. Some minor changes were that my breasts gained a cup size for the first six months (the only side effect I miss!), and I gained 7lbs within the first three months (not really an issue to me, but I did notice it was difficult to shift, even with a controlled diet and exercise routine). I endured Nexplanon for two months shy of the guideline three years, but I probably won 't opt for it again.
I got on Loestrin 24 FE for birth control and to help me with my acne. I have been on this pill for 4 months and do not like it. I switched to this pill from Yaz because it is a lower dose and I would sometimes get sick on Yaz. I was hoping this pill would give me less side effects but it didn 't turn out that way. My mood swings are horrible and I feel like a crazy depressed person on this pill. My boyfriend has noticed how crazy I can get, especially right before my period. On Yaz, my PMS was barely noticeable, let alone mood swings. I have found myself needing to control situations and getting anxious and sad for no reason. My periods did not turn out to be lighter either. They are horrible on this pill, bad cramps and nausea.
i have athetoid spastic cp and when i was on it, it worked for a few years  but it stopped working.
Medicine worked ok but caused a major rash
I am an active person with a healthy, gluten/dairy-free diet and within the first 2 months I gained nearly 40 pounds. I was crying all of the time, fatigued, and then my hair started falling out. It also lead to a suicide attempt.Depakote may work very well for some, but for me it was worse than disease. Aother downside was the cost. With insurance it was nearly 150.00 dollars a month.
I got sick from it, diarrhea. I started having ear trouble and started hallucinating.
I have never had heartburn. The day I started Pradaxa I had severe heartburn and have had it daily since. It doesn 't seem to matter whether I take my pills after a meal, before or not at all. I got about one hour of sleep last night. If this continues, I will probably go back to Coumadin.
I am taking this for a stomach infection brought on by a bad stomach flu alongside levaquin. It is doing it 's job, but is by far the hardest tablet I 've ever tried to swallow. It is rough and rectangle shaped with little to no coating. I can say from personal experience (unfortunately) that it is harder to swallow than both cigarette butts and garden spiders. Just what were they thinking when they designed it?
I have been off and on birth control since 2011 to regulate my period. After being off birth control for 6 months I went to the doctor for refills except this time he prescribed birth control and metformin. I have been taking 500mg a day for the past 5 days and it has been absolute HELL! I feel bloated and weak all day. I feel nauseous all the time which also discourages me from eating. And when I do eat I get stomach aches and occasionally diarrhea. Also I already had sleeping problem but now it 's cramps and tossing and turning all night. But I think the worst for me is the bloating, I constantly feel like I just ate a whole cow! Its so uncomfortable! Eventually I 'll have to take 1000mg. Hoping the side effects decrease.
This pill did not go well with me. I took it for a week &amp; felt bloated, got acne, headaches everyday, nausea! I would take the pill at 7pm so my stomach wouldn 't be empty but I would wake up around 3am to wanting to vomit. I started it on a day 1 start &amp; my period was so long and heavy, it didn 't stop until I stopped taking the pill that week. But I tried taking it again since I 've read that symptoms will usually go away after a few months. The 2nd time around I felt bloated &amp; got a headache again the first day. The first night I woke up at 2am to throw up with a cold sweat I felt I would pass out. I 'm going to look into something else. I can 't function with this nausea &amp; moodiness.
I have had my IUD for almost a year now and theonly positive thing about it is that i have not gotten pregnant. I 've gained so much weight and just can 't seem to get rid of it. My sex drive is completely gone. I bleed more days a month than i don 't. I 'm really very unhappy with it. I plan on calling my doctor on Monday to schedule an appointment to remove it.
I cannot stand this implant. At first I was happy I got it, I didn 't get my period for a month after I got on I was fine. Then the cycles came. For the last month and a half I have been on and off every other week. It finally stopped. I am SO irritable and I get pissed off so much easier than I used to. I gained 10 pounds since I 've gotten it. Supposedly it was only a 1-3 pound gain so I was okay with putting on the extra weight if I wasn 't going to get pregnant of course. Don 't get this.
This prep caused me to projectile vomit within 30 minutes of drinking it.  Will request another brand next time.
This medicine helped me with my depression a great deal but I had to stop taking it because of the side effects.  I  developed Akathisia, inability to sit still.  I couldn 't even sit through dinner.  I had to constantly be moving. I am now trying Seroquel XR but have developed a twitch in my arms and legs.
I experienced bloating, depression, acne. No breast tenderness and no weight change. I had very little breakthrough bleeding and 2 day &quot;periods&quot;. I didn 't have mood swings although I was freakishly mellowed out. I quickly fell into a deep depression complete with suicidal thoughts, and I have never had either or these before. My acne was intense, especially on my back. I also had a strange sensation of having out of body experiences (for lack of better description). I was &quot;there&quot; but I felt like my mind wasn 't, but I know and understand this is a rare side effect.
I am not sure if Neulasta is working yet. I have only had once so far. Pain on day 2 and 3 were terrible. My jaw even hurt. I did take Tylenol and Aleve but pain was untouchable. I will not take again unless my MD gives me something stronger for the pain.
Had been taking Zoloft 50mg about a year, then when my life stress increased, it wasn 't helping me cope well. Im also taking Generic Adderal 10mg 2x daily which helps more with mood, focus, and anxiety. Since generic effexor is working so well for my daughter, I had asked my Psychiatrist if I could try it. From day one it seemed like a miracle and for about half a year I felt pretty normal. Doc thought 75mg dose was too low, but once I went up in dose. I started the downward spiral of side effects. On day 3 now, taking zoloft 50mg again, per the doc, but feel horrible, physically and ever so crazy now and then. I 'm older female and sure don 't need this. Wouldn 't suggest this med to anyone over 30 because it 's so nasty to change from.
Heavy heavy periods were brought on with this iud. It did the job as far as keeping me from getting pregnant, but wow the periods have been heavy (go through a super tampon in less than an hour!).Finally getting mine out today. Actually got on birth control pills to make the periods lighter while having the iud and I have never had very heavy periods prior to this.
Works good for migraines, but I experienced hair loss.
I hate this drug. It will not allow me to sleep. Dries out my eyes, nose. I can 't cry. Makes me a zombie.
Like most others, I 've tried everything possible for fibromyalgia over the past several years.  I also have 3 herniated discs and chronic back pain.  I tried Lyrica in the past and it did not help.  Two years later I tried it again and in fact am still on 300 mg/day in combination with Flexeril 10 mg at night.  It helped to take the edge off for about a month then suddenly stopped working.  As I am going on a vacation soon, I am not beginning to wean off yet as I will wait until we return.  Perhaps increasing the dosage would help?  We will see.  So far all I had was a month with a little less pain and am having a hard time maintaining my weight.  My memory loss and grasping for words has also noticeably increased (and I am young).  
Dear God! I am in the midst of taking this product, and while I have read EVERY online forum to get helpful hints and tips on how to make this palatable, I am here to tell you they lied! I am only on my third overall glass and just looking at it makes me want to be sick. I made it cold, added Crystal Light powder, and am trading each sip with a swig of Ginger Ale. Despite all of my valiant efforts this stuff is nasty. At this point I am invested. All I can say is, it better do its job! I should not be suffering through this at 30! Bring on the excavation.
Hi guys, I got this implant in Feb 2015, 2 months after my boy was born, and I 'm planning to take it out again ASAP. As soon as I put it in I had a migraine lasted 3 days then it subsided. My joints ache, my energy levels are so low, I can 't concentrate on more than 1 task at a time and no matter how I adjust my diet the weight keeps piling on. I started at 85kg I 'm now 115kg. Oh yes and the mood...I 'm not interested in anything. I feel low all the time. I lost my zest for life. My bf keeps telling me he misses me and I never understood until now. I bite his head off more and more its like when I was pregnant, I couldn 't stand him even tho he 's been an Angel from day 1.
Very bad headaches and sick on stomach feeling the entire day. I only took the medication for a week I could not take the headaches on top of everything else going on in my life.
Much less effective than mylan
Getting it removed soon! I got it in October 2016 and since then have gained  15 lbs, back pain, and depression.  Period at first was all over the place, never knew when to prepare for bleeding and now I don 't have one at all. But weight gain and water retention is a game changer for me.
I 've been on Benicar HCT  20mg/12.5mg for 3 week now this medicine has some bad side effects I 've experienced light headed, dizziness, cough feel like my chest feel tight sometime muscle aches tired all the time..does anybody else experience these side effects..when you tell your doctor what your experience they thinks it 's not the medicine we know our bodies..
I 've only been taking Ampyra for 2 months, but all I have noticed is heavier legs and falling much more.  I use my walker more than my cane.
I started on metoprolol 2 months ago at 25 mg, twice a day (plus hydrochorothiazide at 25 mg that I have been taking for 3 months). This is to treat a high systolic pressure that was originally at 145 though my diastolic was at 75. Metoprolol had no effect for 3 weeks until my systolic dropped to 127 from about 137. At the end of that 3 weeks I increased metoprolol to 75 mg/day and by the end of the 6th week my systolic had climed to 134. So I am not sure what effect it is having, except that I experience symptoms of a dry mouth which is unpleasant.
Hello again! I provided a quick summary of my experience with the pill two weeks in below and wanted to give an update...So, the good news- my boobs are bigger and the acne around my chin area has subsided. Bad news, I 've gained weight and I 'm always bloated. I 've always had a flat stomach, but ever since I started taking the pill I 'm 24/7 bloated. All hell broke loose this weekend when I literally thought I was being possessed by the devil. I started bleeding heavily and the cramping was relentless and unbearable. After a night out, I came home and was overwhelmed with depression and anxiety. I was hypersensitive to every sound and I cried for 3 hours for god knows what reason. I 'm hesitant to start this new pack after that hellish episode
Prescribed for atopy. No side-effect, but no efficacy after 6 months. My maintenance medications had to stay at the same dosage, so I stopped.
Just went back on it after finding another doctor for my ssi
I 'm coming in to my 2nd month on isotretinoin and all I am seeing is my skin peeling, acne getting worse and dry lips and eyes. I feel like the new worsening acne will leave worse scars then what I would of originally had when my acne cleared up but my dad had bad acne even through his 30s (I 'm 22) so I 'm afraid that my acne wouldn 't clear up any time soon. I 'm hoping I start seeing some results soon or else my last resort has failed.
Started off with 25mgs of Deptran to help with my sleep, anxiety and mild depression. I slowly increased to 50 and once I hit 75mgs I experienced serve sedation during the daytime. I found it hard to get out of bed, to function and ended up resting on my couch for up to 2 hours per day after getting out of bed! I heard it is good for some people who have trouble staying asleep but my problem was that exact opposite. I have trouble drifting into sleep.  Deptran(Doxepine) increased my anxiety/nervousness, gave me headaches, puffy eyes, tremors and made me too tired to function properly and it wasn 't even helping me get to sleep! I was on this medication for 3 months so I gave it a decent try. Still weaning off this medication as I write this.
Unfortunately, this medication just didn 't work for me. First off, while I understood from the many reviews I read that there may be some stinging, the pain I experienced was excruciating and didn 't dissipate with time. The pain actually turned out to be an allergic reaction to benzoyl peroxide, so don 't disregard it if you continue to experience pain despite carefully, staggered application over a couple months. Secondly, it simply didn 't clear my acne BUT it did temporarily smooth out my frown lines and fine lines on my forehead, which was an unexpected bonus. Hope it works for you, it was simply the wrong product for me (Aczone turned out to do the trick)!
Whenever I use these eye drops my vision is blurry for about 5-6 minutes. Other than that it works.
My doctor prescribed Linzess for my irregular, but chronic constipation.  I have been on the drug for 2 months, but today is the last day I will take it.  This drug controls your life.  it is a good thing that I am retired, because there are some days I cannot leave the house.  The effects of the medicine can last up to 6 hours and I have to remain really close to the bathroom.  I have gained 6 unexplained pounds since I began the drug.  My abdomen is so bloated, spanx does not help.  I have to find an alternative.
I have been feeling down and anxious and my GP prescribed me an antidepressant for severe depression. I have been on a different medication before and found that although I felt more stable, I was reduced to a zombie. So, I decided to try St John 's Wort after reading good reviews. I started on 325mg once a day in the morning. Day one - I felt amazing! I thought hey, if this is a placebo effect, I don 't care! Day two, I started to feel shaky and spaced out. My partner said he noticed that I became intense on worries and seemed worse. Day 3, I took it and all day, I have had that same fuzzy brain zap feeling that you get with prescribed AD, nausea, brain fog, insomnia, ear ringing &amp; light sensitivity. I would not say it has less side effects.
Was prescribed this medication on Friday, August 28th of this year.  So it has only been 5 days since I first started taking it .  I have never been on any anti-depressant medication before.  Didn 't know I was depressed until the doctor said that I was.  I went to him with complaints of stress (mostly work-related, some personal), weight gain (seems I focus on food and cravings a lot more these days, not to mention that I had a car accident on 4/03/09 and broke my neck, had to wear a halo for 3 months so that could also explain my weight gain of almost 30lbs), and difficulty falling asleep.  Side effects so far have been; insomnia, no changes really in appetite, and failure to have an orgasm! 
Was prescribed this drug about three years ago for an infection around the cuticle of my forefinger. It was prescribed by a PA, no doctor ever looked at it. I remember thinking &quot;why such a powerful antibiotic for a small infection in my finger&quot;. I recently went in to the same office with an abcess in my rear end. This time a doctor looked at it, drained it, put me on doxycycline for 10 days that took care of the abcess. Later while on a follow up visit to have it repacked, the same girl who gave me Septra DS three years earlier let it slip that they usually just assume these things are MRSA. So they prescribe something they think will work while they wait for the lab results to come back. Three years earlier no mention of MRSA! Bad reaction
Hey guys! I was wondering if any of you have advice or think I should just go get a test! My boyfriend and I had unprotected sex the day after my period and he went inside me on accident so he got me a plan b that I took about 10 hours after, a few days after I took it I started spotting which I thought was a good sign! But I 'm now a week late on my period and I just don 't know if I should totally be freaking out or not.
I started Sprintec three days ago and I don 't really like what it is doing to me. I have been sleeping NON-STOP. I get abdominal pains. I have red patches on my leg and I don 't eat like I normally would.  I 'm going to finish this pack and see if these continue. 
I bled for 3 months straight on the Nexplanon. I asked my doctor to remove it several times and she kept urging me to wait a little while longer. Several weeks later my bleeding stopped. Two weeks later it started again with heavy bleeding and cramping. Not liking it.
I have been on yaz for 5 weeks i have put on 7kilos wake up to swollen fingers have sore hard breast completely no sex drive and the worst a week after taking yaz i got a chest infection thought was viral had antibiotics its now 4 weeks of chest infection googled yaz symptoms and saw it can cause upper respiratory infectuions omg couldn 't belive a month of hardly being abile to breath time off work and doctors visits to descover its yaz causing it i stoped it today and have had a bad head ache tonight hope its out of my system quickly
Got this as a prescription from my doctor, after spending endless hour doing research on this medication I decided to give it a try. I was on celexa for almost 5 months. During this time I felt like a cloud has over my head the whole time, my brain did not function and I felt like life was absolutely unbearable. Might work for some people but It did more harm than good while I was on it. Had to stop.  I 've found that what got me my life back was an alternate method that came as a lifesaver for me that didn 't involve medication. It involves steps to being more motivated and accomplishing things daily.http://happylifeengine.com/archives/30I am back to being me and I feel hopeful about the future. I just needed ti be shown how to get my life back on track. Hope you all get your life back as I did .
Not great at all for relieving pain, in my  opinion..
Hello everyone, I 'm here to tell you about my experience with Nexplanon. First, let me just say it has done its job,because I haven 't gotten pregnant since I 've had it. In fact I think it 's a great preventative method. But, if you notice, I 've only had it for a year when it 's suppose to last for 3 years. My biggest problem was the bleeding patterns. I bled for almost 6 months straight. In those 6 months where I was bleeding, I experienced the mood swings, weight gain, and depression. I 'm 21 now, and I was at a normal weight bouncing from 120 to 130 ,but never anymore or less. I also excerised routinely and ate a decent diet. Sadly in the last year I haven 't been able to maintain my weight with my end weight being 171! I wouldn 't recommend.
Injections tried for migraine pain.  No relief.
1st time I got it put in I bleed for 3weeks was about to get it taken out but the bleeding stopped with in 3 months I put on 15kgs I went to the gym regularly  (5 days a week) nothing was helping with losing the weight, I had it 1 year and had my period once. It worked I didn 't fall pregnant and my partner and I are really sexually active, everyone is different but me I put on 20kgs in that 12 months of having it in, I had it taken out and fell pregnant pretty much 3 months after :)
I have been taking 5mg norvasc for about a year then my doctor said to me to increase to 7.5 mg and thats when I started getting heart palpitations and headaches and blood pressure still was high around 147 /88 heart rate 69bpm. Then my doctor said take 5mg norvasc like before but add 2mg coversyl - that made me have palpitations very tired fatigued and out of breath, headaches and felt like someone is strangling me and felt anxious. Basically couldn 't function so I went back to just 5mg and going to see cardiologist.  I feel like a guinea pig trying different medicine with no results. I 'm still tired out of breath sometimes laboured breathing BP is still high, get cramps in stomach, I must have gone to hospital  and my doctor so many times.
I started the patch a month ago I am still bleeding non stop really bad cramps , started having bad mood swings and it makes me wanna eat all day. I was on the depo shot before the patch I loved the shot way better.. I been off depo for a year and a half before I got on anything else my period just finally became normal but  they suggested the patch as a birth control cause I wasn 't on anything .. but so far I absolutely hate it.
I had the Skyla placed a month ago. My Doc said I would experience some slight cramping during insertion and light cramps throughout the evening. I haven 't had children &amp; have a tilted uterus; 2 odds against my favor. The doctor clamped my uterus, pulled it straight to allow for placement, &amp; manually dilated my cervix with another tool. The pain was excruciating. I was so miserable that I was holding my breath (accidentally) &amp; nearly passed out. She told me to take Ibuprofen for pain. After bawling my eyes out 45 mins driving home, I took Ibuprofen, but no help. I called the MD back and she said this was &quot;okay&quot; since I had a tilted uterus and never had children (bad answer). Now it 's been in for a month &amp; cramps are rare &amp; tolerable.
I 'm on my 3rd pack of chateal and I just called my birth control provider to ask them if they could switch me to another pill. It 's worked for me the last 3 months that I 've been on it but with some side effects. Like really bad nausea, stomach pains, but the one that really bothered me was the acne. I usually have really clear skin and only get acne when I 'm about to start my period but ever since I started taking these, I break out like crazy! I expect to see a new pimple right after taking a pill. They 're always really bad ones too! Hopefully my next pill is better!
I was given inapsine for nausea during delivery by caesarian. While lying on the operating table I developed an extreme case of RLS, restless arms, actually, since my lower body was completely anesthetized. The only relief was flailing my arms and shaking them vigorously. I passed out shortly thereafter and that was the end of that. Fifteen years later I experienced somewhat extreme RLS and immediately recognized it as the same way my arms had felt during delivery (post-inapsine). The RLS continued for months and was likely due to taking sertraline. When I finally made the connection, I tapered off the sertraline and haven 't had an episode since. Perhaps those who have RLS due to inapsine are more likely to have the same reaction to SSRIs.
I used Crestor for about 3 weeks before I started having muscle and joint pain. Then I began having horrible spasms in my muscles that would wake me every night. I called my doctors office and they told me to take 1/2 a pill every other day. I did as he suggested, but didn 't get relief until taken off this medicine. It did however lower my numbers.
I am 43 years old. I have had three kids and am in Premenopause. I went from regular two and a half days period to a year and a half or irregular, heavy, cramping periods. I had the mirena inserted a month ago. I had to have a byopsy done. I had two doctors holding me down because there was no numbing.  I almost passed out from the pain. After recovering I slightly bled for a couple of days. A lot of cramping for a week after. A month later I cramped severely for a week and then started my period. I 'm on day six. I 'm exhausted more often, have trouble remembering things and have a hard time concentrating. I 'm already on anti depressants which is probably a good thing. I 'm willing to give this longer hoping I 'll stop soon.
Just started using Cymbalta. I am a male 38 years old. Own my own business and pretty much lost desire to do anything. Life just seems to be really tough inside of me. I hope I can find some good results.
This BC took some getting used to, the first month I had an extremely long period. Some irregular bleeding here and there, but only 3 pound weight gain. Anxiety got better then got worse, and now I have pretty much no sex drive and I 'm always angry. My emotions seem to be x10. I have random periods throughout the pack, looks like I 'm having two periods this month. Some periods were really light, now they 're getting heavier and longer. My acne has cleared up, and I have not gotten pregnant, or gained much weight.
I know all the reviews on this are either really good or really bad, but I would like to share my feelings and experience which was kind of in between. As far as effectiveness, it is very effective. I am thankful I have it because I can 't get pregnant since I had a C-section. My periods have stopped, I do not bleed anymore, and even though that is a plus, it does not outweigh the side effects. I have nearly CONSTANT fatigue, nausea a lot of the time. I always feel on edge or irritated, sometimes sad for no reason. I get sick a lot more. LOTS of headaches. The only reason I got this one is because I had limited options since I was breastfeeding and I didn 't want the Mirena. 
Hi, I got the implanon in, in December  2014 I 'm now 16 years old. I gained 25 to 30kgs in that period. I never changed my eating habbits, I went from a size 6 to a size 16. It really makes me depressed. I 've tried to change the way I eat and I now have joined the gym! But I can 't seem to see any changes? I have really bad stretch marks and a new one appears every day ! It is honsetly the best with the prevention of pregnancy but beside the fact of weight gain I would recommended it
I was put on Brintellix for anxiety and was on it for about 8 months. In that 8 month period, I gained about 30 pounds. I did not change my diet at all - and in fact was eating healthier than usual. It seemed most of the weight was added to my stomach area which is highly annoying. I stopped taking Brintellix  (10mg a day) cold turkey and experienced no side effects. It did somewhat help with anxiety, but did I was still suffering from anxiety and it was not worth the weight gain!!
Does anyone else take Valtrex everyday for prevention? I am not so sure about Valtrex working for me. When I first started taking Valtrex, over two years ago, my dentist told me to take 4 pills at the first tingle sign and then again 4 pills a certain amount of time later. I always followed the directions. It never really seemed to make a difference, a cluster of blisters always showed up. It might have shortened the healing time.After three months in a row of sores, I called my family doctor in tears. So for over a year and half now, I have been taking a Valtrex everyday as prevention. I think I had an outbreak in the early part of the year and one in November and now one in December. It just STINKS!!
The taste?  Cough syrup and ipecac.   The flavor of this medicine makes me gag, tears spring to my eyes, and I got down 5 small gulps before vomiting.  Finishing it or the second bottle are unfeasible.Have to reschedule and find an alternative; my body won 't allow it.
This has been the worst birth control pill I 've ever been on.  I 've gained around 10lbs just in 3 weeks of taking this medication. I 've had a period for 7 days when I should of been off at least 2 days ago. I 've been having mood swings and depression!!! Do not take this pill
My doctor took me off Trazodone due to sexual problems. I started taking Ambien about 2 days ago. The first day, I was a zombie and had major amnesia problems. My son videotaped how crazy I was acting. I didn 't know you had to lie down and take it. I took it the next night while in bed and was wired. Only got 30 minutes of sleep before work. I am ADHD, so that may have had something to do with it. I will give it a couple more nights before I give up on it.
This medicine has a chalky grape flavor. It wasn 't bad at first but got to the point I had a lot of trouble drinking all of it and not puking it up. It comes with 2 bottles you mix with water. After you drink one bottle you have to drink 16oz of water and then drink the 2nd bottle and then drink another 16 oz of water. I had a lot of trouble not puking after the first round. I don 't know if I drunk all that stuff too quickly or what because there was no instructions on how to drink the water time wise. I couldn 't drink all the water on the 2nd round. I got really sick trying not to vomit and shaking.The kit gives you diarrhea in about 30 mins after drinking. I took it at 6pm and still had diarrhea the next morning. It subsided that afternoon. Little cramps.
At first this pill was fine. I have been on it for 8 weeks. So far have gotten break through bleeding, mood swings, now I am getting slight acne on my cheeks (I never have acne), also was experiencing vaginal burning and tenderness that has seemed to subside. I was really hoping that if I pressed through this would go away. But I 'm getting married in 6 weeks! I really hoping these side effects calm down.
I started taking Effexor around 3 years ago, 150 mg, because I was having a terrible time with anxiety and it was starting to physically manifest itself at the worst possible times. Initially it worked quite well and I was more or less getting back to my normal self. I felt so good, in fact, I thought I no longer needed the Effexor and started the slow taper and eventually stopped taking it. My anxiety quickly returned along with terrible dizziness and an overwhelming fear of being around other people. I also suffered several seizures, which we are still not sure are linked to coming off the Effexor, but my doctors are suspicious. Nonetheless, my life has been HELL since stopping. Trying Lexapro now to hopefully get some of &quot;ME ' back.
I have had Implanon for over a year and a half.  I like that you don 't have to think about taking a pill every day, but the constant bleeding is terrible.  I bled the first 6 weeks after having it implanted, and was ready to have it removed.  The doctor told me to hang in and it would get better.  It got a little better.  I can have a normal period for a couple of months and then start the cycle of heavy bleeding every other week with spotting in between.  The doctor prescribed birth control pills to help, but why am I doubling my hormones. I 've given up and am having it removed next week.  I think I 'm going try one of the birth control pills with only 4 periods a year.
Bled (mildly) for 5 months straight-finally stopped and now I 'm having my first period and just woke up to a soaked bed I 've never bled this much. DO NOT USE THIS BIRTH CONTROL
First I would like to say that I really wanted this to work for me. Unfortunately I am one of the rare ones that experienced the uncommon side effects such as: No sex drive at all, and to be honest I am sexually frustrated and no matter what we do nothing will get me excited. The other was I broke out so bad with this and my skin was so sensitive than usual, and the last. I was growing hair around my chin to the point where I was thinking I have to shave, no way, sorry I will not shave for this. I am going back on to the pill. The positive thing about this is that I rarely had my periods (only spotting for 2 days) and didn 't have to buy pads/tampons, which coming to this decision was very, very hard for me.
Pros: effective, worry free birth control that I didn 't have to think about from month to month. Having non-hormonal birth control is very important to me. Cons: Everyone 's body is different, some people love this birth control. My experience, for the entire year I had it was miserable. Horrible, consistent cramps for the first three months. I had to call out of work a few times because I could barely stand. Once that subsided, my monthly cramps were miserable. My cycle(which was never too much trouble in the past) was a week of crazy hormones, followed by a week of bleeding and cramps that would keep me up at night, and then a week of cramps post bleeding. I literally had a week of feeling normal.Also, extreme fatigue. I was miserable.
I got switched to this pill because I was beginning to have severe cramps on my lutera pill. I liked this pill for the first 3 months as I noticed my boobs grew, my acne completely cleared up, and I my cramps were gone. However, during this time period I noticed about a 10 lb weight gain that only occurred while I was on the pill (I lost 8.7 pounds while on my sugar pills one week). I also noticed that I was really emotional and got upset about everything and I never cry, ever. I know everybody has different reactions to medications, but I would suggest not even trying this pill because the pros were not worth the cons.
It did stop my acne but now that I decided to stop it,  my hair is falling out so badly I am not sure It will be any hair left... I am regretting the minute I started this pill. Don 't make the same mistake. It WILL make you bald!
I took 3 Diflucan for a yeast infection and used over the counter Monistat 3 day first on my own.  One month later I am still experiencing  burning tongue, metallic taste in my mouth, slight pains going through each breast, very tired and slight itch and burn on occasion in the vagina.  I took this along with HRT and have been reading about the interaction they have together.  All I have been told is that I may have overdone the treatment, had an allergic reaction, and killed too much good bacteria.  Will never take this drug again.
terrible pain continuously in shoulder arm neck legs macroBid side effects crying because of severity of pain depressing pain hope i am not permanately damaged bymacroBid will report to GP feelings of DOOM
I had Kyleena inserted on July 25ish. Insertion was uncomfortable but bearable and it was all over in 2 minutes, truly the build up of insertion is worse than actual insertion. The first month was not bad, mild cramps and a little bit of bleeding. However once the second month hit was the Kyleena experience went downhill for me. I get severe stab-like cramps nearly daily. Bleeding increased into the second significantly. I went to my 6 week follow up and my doctor convinced me to keep it in. Following my appointment the bleeding has gotten a little better but the cramps continue, I have gained 9 lbs and have significantly more acne on my face and chest. I have scheduled my appointment to get it removed.
I get vilolently sick. I vomit, migraine, stomach cramps and lingering headache after 24 hour period.But am so desperate sometimes I put myself through it to feel better for a couple days after. I can 't take it everyday or I would never be able to leave home because of side effects.
I did not get pregnant.  But I can no longer work out, as even simple mat work gives me horrible cramps. I also have 2 week periods now, and bleed the week I ovulate. My NP says everything looks fine, no infections or problems, but I 'm getting it removed. It 's been 6 months and hasn 't gotten any better. My periods have only gotten longer.
I 've been on this medicine for about a week now. It helps me relax at night but doesn 't make me sleepy like it makes others. I 'm currently on 4mg at bedtime. I wake up with the same headache that turns into a migraine almost on a daily basis. My doctor said that it can take 6-8 weeks before the therapeutic dose starts working. I hope that 's the truth and it does eventually start working. I 'm desperate for a normal brain with no headaches or migraines.
Got a 3-day sample and worked so well I felt like a normal human pooping for once. An hour after taking pill in the morning I 'd have perfect thorough poops. Wow! Miraculous! Went through hell and high water to get prescription covered by AHCCCS only to find it no longer works. What? No side effects. Just nothing but the occasional half-assed soft stool. Sigh....back to the drawing board.
Having essential tremors for 30 years I was used to having them, Then they changed I was also getting the head and voice tremor along with my hands so I decided to get treatment for them. Doctor and Neurologist answer was Propranolol. Basically I spent 3 months in HELL. I had almost every side effect, cold hand and feet I was tired all the time I had no energy I was dizzy and lightheaded. my blood pressure got too low and I didn 't want any &quot;alone&quot; time with my boyfriend. And that was all from 5mg at night. It did help my head and voice tremors but not my hand ones at all. Doctor took me off of it and still weeks later I 'm left with the side effects ....
While this med helped my ear pain and infection heal... the swollen mouth, jaw, tongue, and face were too unbearable I quit the drops after 4 days. My doc advised me there was no way my swelling came from the drops. I insisted on prednisone and then picked up zyrtec, pepcid, and benydryl Those meds, combined with 50 mg of prednisone I 'm feeling much better. I 'm allergic to penicillin. I 'm wondering if my pcn allergy is related to my cipro allergy.  I 'll never go back to that doctor.
Claritin seems to help for the first 2-3 day, but loses all effectiveness for me beyond that. All symptoms return.
I have been on this birth control for 6 months now and highly considering going off of birth control completely. This pill makes me nauseous, my breasts are always tender and if I 'm not crying, I 'm in a screaming fit of rage (my poor husband). It does regulate your cycles. My period usually lasted 9 days and now it only lasts 3 or 4. But I 'd take 9 days periods over feeling like this any day.
I started taking this medicine for depression and adult ADD like symptoms. I did not notice any side effects at all in the beginning, very easy to start taking.  However, after taking it for about two months, I noticed I was very easily aggravated and overreacted to little things like crazy!  Very emotional, crying, deep emotional pain.  I did not wean off, I just stopped taking it because I didn 't feel like &quot;me&quot;. No adverse reaction in stopping for me although I don 't recommend stopping cold turkey for others.  Only plus was reduced appetite and increased libido!
Okay I have been experiencing heavy bleeding where I was bleeding everyday, now I am severely anemic.  I have been on huge iron pills. I started Lo Loestrin and on my 3rd month. I am experiencing bad acne, spotting and still have abnormal periods. I am trying my best to be patient and allow the pills to take effect.  My period started on the 18th and although it was over yesterday, Christmas, but I started spotting/bleeding later in the night. I am at my wits end.  I have had two accidents while working, don 't know when my period will begin or end so I am wearing a pad everyday. 
I had never been on birth control and just 6 weeks after having my little boy I was placed on this birth control.  This pill has given me such headaches that I had to start taking the product around 8 in the evening so that it wouldn 't bother me. I have also not been able to lose any weight on this.  I have been regularly exercising and eating under 1200 calories and not lost a pound.  The side effects have pushed me to have to switch birth control.
I love how Yasmin clears my acne up without fail (usually within first week). However, second month in and I 've experienced terrible depression and feel teary at the slightest things. Feeling down is getting worse and worse as I continue taking it and I 'm actually a very happy person which is why I will never touch this stuff again.
I ate food before and during my first dose.  I felt nauseous and had a headache an hour later. 7 hours later I vomited my dinner I ate 30 minutes before.  Never had side effects like this before with other pain pills. However, the dull pain in my jaw subsided, so I guess it did its job.
i have gotten Skyla about a year and a half ago and i never realized the effects i have gotten from it till recently. My hair has gotten super thin, i can 't even touch my hair without it falling out.. my hair was super thick before i got Skyla. Also i realized how moody i get.. i would literally cry at EVERYTHING! Happy things or sad things.. i couldn 't control myself, i was never like this before. Another thing is that even when I 'm not on my period i would get random cramps. I don 't recommend getting Skyla.
I 'm on the tinidazole right now. It has caused me severe nausea and severe headaches that I can 't even treat with Tylenol 3. My head hurts all day.
I was on 150mg of venlafaxine for 8 months. It didn 't really help with my suicidal thoughts. I had no side effects apart from that. It didn 't really help to lift my mood either.
I took Lexapro for 3 months at 10mg to treat bipolar disorder type I. I noticed a slight change in my mood, but not significant. I discontinued this medication due to nausea and trouble achieving orgasm.
this medication simply does not work! I have been on it for 7+ years and I have only gotten worse. my symptoms have gone from mild to severe. All they do is increase the dosage and now I 'm on the maximum dose. I relapsed last week and I found myself wandering around aimlessly in a parking lot. I have become more paranoid and delusional. Not to mention the side effects- uncontrollable bowel movements, extreme tiredness, low energy, low libido, muscle pain, chest pain, ect, ect... It is almost impossible to get off this medication once you are on it for a while. I 've talked to my doctor- sent him letters and he will not change the medication. And I 've called other p-docs and no one can see me or even answer the phone. Time for a switch.
Took this with food. Made me feel very lethargic and jittery at the same time. My appetite is gone. My congestion is cleared but I can 't wait for this medication to wear off. My heart rate speeds up as well. Dry mouth, yuck.
I have been off the depo shot for about a month now and have been bleeding ever since. Its really become frustrating. I also bleed during but not the whole time i was on the shot. I only took the shot once.
Works temporarily.  As long as there is no bowel motion the hemorrhoids seem healed.  As soon as there is a bowel motion we are back to square one.
I took it for about 2 years and it did lower my cholesterol somewhat. The entire time that I took it, I sweated profusely with any exercise and I would become light headed. I quit taking Zetia nearly a year ago and have had no horrible sweating episodes since.
Numbness on the leg after injection from the knee cap to nearly the groin and around the side of the leg
Took for pain relief after total knee replacement surgery,  it only took the edge off the pain,  it didn 't kill the pain completely
Does not stay adhered to skin, so I 'd have to say it is a failure.
Prescribed after experiencing breakthrough bleeding on another oral contraceptive. I gave it a fair go - 4 or 5 months, and I can 't seem to get adjusted. Mood swings are more severe, experienced a 10 lb weight gain, feeling considerably more anxious, extreme breast tenderness among feeling nauseated a week prior to period start date. Of course, everyone experiences this differently but that 's my story. Will be discontinuing this on month end.
Victoza caused me to have Pancreatitis.
Had nexplanon for a little over a year and a half. No period which was great, but the weight gain was awful. I was always around 130 and I went to get it removed today and weighed 159. Ridiculous. It was nice to not have to take a pill. But I noticed a loss of energy and depression from the weight gain. Just haven 't felt like myself. As for preventing pregnancy it 's great..but I won 't be getting it again. I pray that I can lose this weight now..
I am 23 no kids. I got the IUD over a year ago and I am experiencing changes in my period. They last 7 days when they used to last 3. I get horrible cramps and discharge a week before them. They have also changed in dates. Mine used to be around the first of the month now they show up whenever they feel like it. The only plus side is that I am not pregnant but that 's only because I can 't have sex due to the long periods and weird cramping and discharge.
I had my Nexplanon device inserted about eleven months ago.  The only side effect I think I 've experienced is spot bleeding.  For a while it wasn 't so bad- I wouldn 't have my period for a very long time (like two months) then I would have it for longer than I used to with a different consistency (over a week).  Now, I pretty much bleed randomly all the time. It makes my sexual life difficult.  I will probably get it taken out at my next gynecological exam.
I was diagnosed with rheumatoid arthritis in February 2012.  Plaquenil has been the second medication we 've tried.  I 've only taken it 1 week and have a horrible rash on both arms and on the backs of my legs.  It has caused diarrhea and headaches.  I have stopped taking this medication and am currently waiting to see what medication we will try next.
My doctor has me on FLexeril 10 mg 3 times a day but it doesn 't work for me. I have been taking it for 2 weeks now he wants to up my dose. To 20 mg 3 times a day that sounds like a lot to me.
I 've been on Nexplanon for 4 months and taking it out. I get headaches everyday, I 'm on medium to light periods the WHOLE month (always bloated), and I 'm losing a lot of hair not the average amount of hair loss after a pregnancy...also regular acne breakouts which I didn 't have. Everyone is different.
Breakthrough bleeding for 2 straight weeks. It 's not worth it to me.
Got Implanon in April 09. It is now October and I have had only one week without spotting/bleeding since it was put in. Was not bad getting it put in, but six months of this? It 's driving me crazy to always be wearing a tampon. I wouldn 't know how my sex drive is cause it has prevented most of that from happening.
Oh eff this pill. First my Dr put me on Provera to do a medicinal D&amp;C vs. a surgical on. That was a mess. So we discussed BC pills instead because that should have a more standard response. Well my body gave me two giant middle fingers. I 've been bleeding for 19 days. I 'm not just talking  spotting. I use the Diva Cup, I 'm shedding 1/4 oz - 1/2 oz every day. Pretty sure I 'm anemic at this point.Oh and my acne is atrocious.
This birth control has been very effective and not having to take it daily/weekly/monthly has been good. I 've had it for nearly 2 years and may have had two months combined without bleeding during that time. I 've had heavy spotting since beginning it, more like a moderate period than spotting, ie Warrants the constant use of tampons and liners. It 's been effective at preventing pregnancy as I 've not been able to have sex for the majority of the time as the flow is too heavy. The implant has been highly visible in my arm since implantation, so everyone can see I have it if I wear short sleeves. I am fairly thin, and I would have taken this into consideration more had I known. Looking for alternatives.
I 've been taking phentermine for 3 days now. The 1st day I had severe dry mouth, but other than that everything else is normal. I don 't feel like it gives me the boost of energy or takes away my appetite. I 'm hungry now! 24 yrs old Weight 238 Hopefully it works.
I 've only had my first shot. The first month was okay. I was always hungry, severe backaches &amp; headaches, and few hot flashes. I got my cycle a week or so late. I 'm in my 2nd month and I 've been having really bad cramps, constant bleeding, and diarrhea. No weight gain, at least not yet.
Yes, this medication is effective if you want to practice abstinence.  I have had this implant since August of 2014, I bled for the first 4 months. I took a PO birth estradiol for 2 months to stop the bleeding. It helped for the 2 months and then I began bleeding again. I feel exhaused all the time and feel bloated most of the time.  I was a runner and healthy eater before, have kept it up for the last year (mostly by forcing myself to get up and go when I used to run for enjoyment).  Since I started with the Nexplanon have gained 15  lbs. I do not recommend this implant.  I am scheduled to get it taken out this week.
This works. Gained a lot of weight. Made me sleepy. I took it at night still couldn 't wake up In the morning.  Had mouth sores. Coming off it was miserable to say the least.
It worked great for the first few weeks. I didn 't take it every night, just the nights where I was having a hard time falling asleep. The problems stared one night when I was seeing people in my closet and my furniture seemed to be falling on top of my bed. I tired taking it again and I fell right asleep. A week later I began seeing Gummy Bears jumping around my room and on my bed. I went back to my doctor and told her I was seeing things and she said it was common. I stayed on the Ambien, until one night my boyfriend told me that I was sitting up in bed with my eyes open, acting as if I was at work. Typing in the air and I began scratching his skin very hard. I woke up in the morning NOT remembering a single thing. Haven 't taken it since then.
Started taking it a few weeks ago doctor thinks I have depression but I think I have ptsd
you can go insane if you get off this drug cold-turkey and if your drinking/drugs inbetween you will end up at the hospital like me, i stopped using for 3 months now, the last few days have been a nightmare I was smoking weed while not taking latuda, and I had a depressive breakdown where i ended up in emergency twice in the past 4 days, i was so fatigued my eyes were shutting on their own and i thought i was going to die if i fall asleep, its a feeling of insanity dont mess around with this drug. Go step by step as your doctor tells you, overall the drug has its ups and downs some of the side effects are dreadfull, goodluck
Was on this for about a month.  Went from 5mg 3 x a day to 30mg 3 x a day.  Saw improvement after about 2 weeks for about 5 days, then anxiety came back strong.  Always had sleep issues but this medication definitely exacerbated them.  I had to get off as it was giving me no benefit and my sleep was only getting worse.  Also had pretty bad brain zaps the whole time but probably bc I increased the dosage every 5 to 6 days.  I also have treatment resistant anxiety/depression (tried paxil, zoloft, prozac, fetzima and pristiq.  Zoloft helped me mostly, all others didn 't work or made me worse) so this might work for others but did not help me.
Took this for strep throat.  First day was okay (besides the fact that these pills are rather large and hard to swallow). Second day was horrible.  Diarrhea twice, then my heart started racing. Called the doctor who said go the emergency room right away this medicine can cause heart palpitations.  Heart rate was around 130 bpm for over 4 hours with no sign of slowing down. Finally the doctor in the ER decided to administer an anti-arrhythmic medicine to decrease the heart rate.  The clarithromycin did seem to start working almost right away, after my second dose I felt much better, then the horrific side effects kicked in. 
I had Polycystic ovarian syndrome since 3 months. My doctor suggested to take metformin 3 pills per day. I suffered form side effectes like nausea, vomiting sensation. Me and my hubby are trying to get conceive, hope it will works.
I continue to have ruby red eyeballs,a little itching, but, mostly I continue to have scaly secretions from both eyes.  I wear the no line bifocals and I cannot get clear sight up or down, somtimes causing pain to my foerhead.  Please help!
Started this med yesterday for the first time.  Immediately noticed how strong it is!  Prevented vomiting by only taking on a full stomach.  Drinking a lot of water will help with the headaches as dehydration will cause this too.  I don 't recommend taking too late at night because of insomnia.
I wish the taste of the sucralose was not so obvious.  Couldn 't wait to drink it and get to the water chaser.  I started in the bathroom 1 1/2 hrs later for 4 hours..no problems sleeping at 11 pm till 6am. Was extremely cold and had chills..tripled my blankets and was still shivering.  Taking my 2nd dose now at 6:30am.  I had to pay $70 for this prep.
30 y/o female struggling with OCD/MDD/GAD since 14yo. The pack I received started 1wk at 10mg, then 1wk at 20 mg then the next 2wk at 40mg. The second week I was actually feeling hopeful that I may have found a medication that works for me again. Things quickly changed once I started the 40mg dose. I wake up in a stupor like fog that takes me about an hour to get out of. My dreams are so vivid and intense that I have difficulty shaking from them. I am now experiencing sexual side effects, dizziness, and very bad leg cramping. I almost got into an accident this morning because of the fog that I was in. Ironically I was going to pick up this medication. Returning to 20mg dose until I can see MD again. Seemed to work at low dose, now scary.
Apri was awful. My periods before I started taking the pill were 4/5 days then when I started, my periods became 16 days long. I was depressed. I gained a lot of acne when previously my skin was clear. I was on it for 5 months but the negative side effects were so clear. It absolutely wasn 't worth it. With that said, it is an effective birth control option, just not for me
Had it.  Platelets were 9 and took WinRho which kicked up platelets into 100 's. But few days later went down again. Then went to Ritixan which kicked up platelets, then down within matter of weeks. Splenectomy was last option but nothing.  Still stuck with falling platelets and medical bills$$$.
I 've had it for 8 months. I expected the longer heavier periods (7-8 days) and cramping but it is just unbearable at this point. I 'm having it removed tomorrow. I love the idea of a nonhormonal birth control but my body clearly does not. Today the cramps were so bad that I doubled over in pain and was brought to tears. I just had an ultrasound last month and the Dr said it looked like everything was fine and it was in the right place. There was a small indication that it could be slightly embedded on one side but nothing to cause concern or to keep it from working. I also experienced pain during sex which I have never experienced before. The pain felt like my partner was punching my cervix. I really wanted paragard to work for me. :(
After my initial 9 days of Zyclara treatment I have had to stop using it. The side effects are intense to the point of debilitating.
I have been on this medication longer than any other medication I have ever been on. Its been four and a half years, mostly on and I feel like this medication let me sleep better than all other medications I had been on until Saphris. I gained weight, but not too much about 25 pounds over the course of four and half years. I am a man, and I have noticed enlargement of the breasts development of female breast tissue. I 'm coming off Risperidone now and I will see what the withdrawal effects are. Last time I came off meds I had a manic episode which was quite embarrassing. I held a job at Walmart for 2 and a half years. I would say though that the biggest drawback is its effect on diminishing the user 's willpower.
I took Lamictal for 6 months to treat bipolar and anxiety. As far as I can tell, it did nothing for me. Took forever to titrate up, due to the risk of rash, and am now weaning myself off. Trying Seroquel now, which is showing far more promise.
I took 1 and several hours later I ended up with the most horrible diarrhea and vomiting I 've ever had. I will never use this product again.
I 've been on Lyza for 6 months. Experienced severe constipation and bloating before realizing this pill is the culprit. Been off pill now for two weeks and everything has returned to normal. Not worth the side effects.
Very little effect on pain. Have not experienced any negative side effects. This medicine may work for others, but not me.
I had a terrible experience with this birth control. The worst part about it was my mood swings, they were horrible. My sex drive was nothing. I just had a really bad experience on it. I started on Wednesdays and so my periods would normally come on Fridays so they 'd last about 5 days which was longer than Loestrin for me. This is my last pack. I did not have bad acne, weight gain, bad cramps, headaches, nausea, etc.
My insurance stopped covering Ortho Tri Cyclen Lo (my fav), so I had to switch. I was prescribed Taytulla, but I couldn 't find a local pharmacy to fill it. I was given Blisovi instead. First, the pros: I am not pregnant, I haven 't had breakthrough bleeding. That 's it. Within days of starting, my appetite became insatiable. I only experienced this when I was pregnant, so I was worried. Definitely NOT pregnant. I feel like I am constantly starving.  And then, there 's the fatigued. Oh, the never ending fatigue. I cannot sleep enough and there isn 't enough coffee in the world to help me. I suffer from PMDD and it has been HORRIBLE with this. Luckily, Ortho Tri Cyclen Lo is affordable now, I am switching back ASAP.
I 'm usually not one to go online and write up reviews for anything- but my experience with this birth control was horrible. I was on this for 2 months. The first month I suffered from debilitating stomach cramps almost everyday for the first 3 weeks, sometimes causing me to have to leave work. Also, I did not have spotting, but had my period mid way through the pack, about day 13, all the way till the last pill. I had my period for almost three weeks. Along with the bleeding and stomach pains, I was also nauseous and lost my appetite completely. I was not myself, feeling sad most of the days. The second month was not much better, my period was only about 10 days but it was before the placebo pills again. No weight gain or acne for me though
My greatest mistake with Restoril 30mg was taking the medication prior to my sleep cycle.  Because I was so deprived of sleep, I took the medication at 9pm which is approximately 2 hours before my bedtime.  &quot;At bedtime&quot; refers to an individual 's bedtime; therefore, I was awake all night! This medication must be taken specifically and shortly before an individual 's bedtime. Silly me.  My physician explained why I did not sleep that evening and gave me at full description of sleep cycle which changed a sleepless night into a somewhat sleep full night; about 4-5 hours.
I 've been on Rytary since 2015 and at times was on 5 pills 4 x a  day of the 48.75-195 dosage. Partial neuroleptic seizures were a result, mild psychosis, paranoia, anxiety, mood swings, depression, dyskenisia dystonia, impulse control, sleeplesness, among others, all things I 've dealt with at some point along the way. I 'm now on 3 pills 5 times a day. With a small dose of 2mg artane in between 4 x a day. I have not been able to really lock down whatever makes it work. It is wildly inconsistent but when it 's on it 's on, and I  get some normal time. Certain strains of medical marijuana help increase the efficacy of this drug. Kicks in sooner and can give me up to 6-7 hours of normal time. Instead of 1hr to kick in and 1-2 hrs normal time.
This medicine did help to take the edge off slightly, but it was certainly not worth the 30 pound weight gain! Despite being active and eating in moderation the weight wouldn 't budge until after 3 months of stopping this medicine. I 've had to resort to Klonopin even though it 's in the benzo class...better results with no sexual side effects or weight gain. Good luck everyone!
Purchased Mobistar I day after first signs of symptoms. Within two hours horrendous burning, swelling,,plain and discomfort. Ice packs he a bit..took painful to wash..I will never use this again,Awe full pain.
I 've been on it for 10 days, and have gained 5 pounds. I feel that my appetite has decreased, but I 've experienced dizziness and fatigue. I 'm disappointed, as I really want this to work. I 'm happy, though,  for all those who have been successful!
Ok. on day 4 of this medication. Started woth 150 mg per day for 3 days and now onwards its 300 mg.First of all, I 'm not convinced this drug is worth it. Side effects days 1-3 included blurry vision, feeling spaced out. today it was bouts of crying and then burning sensation in abdomen and chest.I 'm smoking 1 pack on this. God only knows.
For me, this is only slightly better than Tylenol, but it is what my doctor prescribes for me, so it is definitely better than nothing. I have no side effects from it, no sleepiness, upset stomach, etc.
Helped sleep but caused restless legs syndrome.
I have nerve damage and muscle spasms from a spinal cord compression. This helped with the muscle spasms but I could only take it at night as it made me so incredibly drowsy. Then, I developed severe night sweats. I spoke to my doc who said it wasn 't a reported side effect of this drug and must be something else, so I kept taking it another month, but eventually it became unbearable. I was able to determine it really was the drug by taking nothing else and not taking it a few nights, then giving it another try. Sure enough, the drenching night sweats returned. After definitely demonstrating it was in fact the tizanidine causing the problem, the doc switched me.
WELL 50 pounds gained later next week I finally get my mirena iud removed. Had it in almost a year and did enjoy the care freeness of it and lack of period but gained uncontrollable weight and made me feel so insecure this past year. I know everyone reacts differently to iud 's and I was warned by my doctor and the nurse putting it in that weight gain is common but silly me thinking it wouldn 't effect me. I would never recommend the mirena to a friend unless they were very active gym members or could use a few extra pounds on their body haha
I was kinda shady to take this pill cuz of all the bad reviews on it. I have IBS so I thought what do I have to lose? So I took one pill and within 10 minutes this terrible nausea hit me. I even ate before I took it and that didn 't help, I was nauseous all day long &amp; I thought scew this I ain 't taking it again so I didn 't. 2 to 3 days later I started having terrible stomach cramps to the point where I wanted to cry. I had diarrhea &amp; also somewhat of stools. So does the drug make you go? Yeah. Are the side effects worth it? No! This is a really powerful drug with way too many side effects. It also gave me a bad headache
I just started taking Latuda, and have found it makes me very sleepy, I 'm wondering if I should take it at night instead of the morning.   I was on Wellbutrin but had to be taken off because of extreme anxiety and emotionality.
I 've been on progestin-only birth control for about 3 years. I started on Ortho-Micronor, I had a period for about 3 months straight but then my period stopped entirely. Then I moved and I was given Camila (same thing, different brand), it kept in line with the &quot;no-period&quot; havingness. It was great. Moved again, I was given Errin. For about 2-3 months I was ok, but I noticed some changes in my mood and some bloating. Then about 3 months in (February 2014) I had spotting. I thought maybe it would be normal after having NO period for 2 years, but then 2 weeks later I had a full-on period. Since then I 've had maybe 3-4 periods in 2 months, extremely painful tenderness in my breasts. 
At first I didn 't realize it was the drug causing me that itchy feeling on my back. When I figured it out, I quit taking it immediately, and went through the withdrawals. Getting rid of the itching was well worth going without the drug.
I had such horrible time with my mirena. I wasn 't instructed to take medication for pain before insertion. Insertion itself was painful but as I got home, I was in nauseating pain for 1hr. I finally took a vicodine to be able to ease some pain. I did not have a period for the first 8 mo the after insertion. In the year and a half since I have had the devise in I have gained 40 pounds. I never had weight issues. My mood has turned really aggressive and I loose it over little things. I am depressed a lot  and have no idea why. I had mine removed today and it wasn 't as painful as insertion but I did feel some intense pressure pain during the removal.... I hope this can help someone!!!
I 've noticed while on divalproex sodium ER that my mood swings have been fluctuating more frequently. I 've also noticed that since they 've changed from the grey to the white pills I have been experiencing depression and anger frequently. I did well on Depakote ER, now with the white pills I am barely able to reach a therapeutic range.
I tried it for a year, I was happy with it (except the first 2 weeks..that sucked). Then this month IDK what happened, I couldn 't get it the week I needed it so I put the new one on a week late. Long story short  I had really bad cramps, dizzy, headaches, and a 6 week long period..while on the birth control which is supposed to stop it for 3 weeks at a time...
Had to stop it because of the nightmares it produced. Tried dosages between 6-100mg. No matter what, I had terrifying nightmares when I went to sleep.
I have been on many over the years and found that Soma 350 works best if you take 1-3 (based on your tolerance of course)  at bedtime  to help your muscles feel like muscles again, as apposed to being rigid and having major spasms. and 1 or 2 as needed through your day. Now for tramadol, it is a small help for people with small pains. Like me starting out when I was 24, now I 'm 42 and in oh so much worse pain.
I have been on nexplanon for a little over half a year and it 's awful! Ever since I got it in my arm my periods went from 7 days and regular to bleeding all the time and irregular. When I wake up in the morning my breasts are hard and they are sore all the time. I liked the fact that I didn 't have to take a pill but this is so much more of an inconvenience. I feel like I have several of the side effects and cannot wait to get it removed. I wish I had read the reviews before...
I read through 3 pages of reviews and now the last 2 years have started to make sense. I was relatively symptom free Year 1. Here we are Year 2 and I feel like I don 't know my body. I 'm currently on Day 12 of my cycle, which has be blowing through tampons like I 'm in a damn race and this is the second time in 4 months that it 's happened. Also, in encountering &quot;The Cycle from hell&quot; the first time, doctors found a Fibroid, which I am seriously thinking Nexplanon helped form. I agree with the moodiness and depression symptoms...I 've been an emotional rollercoaster for months now and couldn 't figure out why... Now I know why. In terms of weight gain, I have gained about 30lbs back that I lost. In all, I 'm not happy and I 'm getting it removed.
I 've been on Trinessa for about 5 or 6 months. I 've gotten extreme head aches and mood swings. I 've never had a panic or anxiety attack before and every month I 've been having terrible panic attacks. I also experience really bad bloating. I will be switching off of this pill!
This pill made my anxiety terrible!!! My hormones were so out of wack while taking the pill. I would get so dizzy which was very scary. Not to mention my breasts always hurt. The different amount of hormones each week really messes with your body! I used to be on just sprintec and it was way better than tri sprintec  '!!
I got Mirena put in about a year ago. I was very happy with the depo shot, but because of the dr appts and the risk of bone density loss, I was recommended to get the Mirena. Prior to Mirena, I hadn 't had a period in about 8 years (which I loved). The first 8 months or so after insertion were great. However, at month 9, I started a bleeding and had awful cramping which nothing helped (ibuprofen, heat packs, etc.).It was so bad and I was so unused to a period at that point (I was told I may have spotting the first 6mo after getting it put in, but that my period would most likely not restart),  that I made an appt with my gyno. Turns out, everything was fine. I just now have a very long, very painful period every month. I may go back to depo.
DON 'T VAPE!! I was prescribed this drug for BV after getting an abnormal pap and Colposcopy done. All doctors and pharmacists are quick to tell you that you should not drink with it. That is very true, after taking this drug for 5 days and feeling awful from it, I decided to go ahead and drink a few beers. So nauseous! HEED THE DOCTORS WARNING ON THIS!!!! Finally threw up and took a nap and felt much better. I DID NOT know that the PG (in my vape juice) is why I felt so bad for the whole first 5 days. It actually was a Vape site that made it clear to me. I understand that all info can be found in a leaflet that you get when you pick up the med, I just didn 't put it together about PG and it being in almost all my e-juice.
I started Ortho Tri-cyclen Lo on May 19th but I got my period on May 3 and since I started the pill I missed my June period and I 've been experiencing heartburn, nausea, weakness/fatigue sometimes bloating. Makes me feel pregnant, my breast didn 't change much. The fact that it throws your hormones off my sex drive is finally low.
Good but very risky medicine. I am Psoriasis   Psoriatic Arthritis patient.After 8 years of using Enbrel I developed Lymphoma. Warning labels are not enough. If you think that you will be among the 90 % of patients that are lucky enough, go ahead. But think more than twice before taking an Enbrel shot.
I was on TriSprintec for over 3 years now. Within those years I gained 30 pounds and my cup size has tripled. It also caused bad mood swings. Only good thing from it was that it kept my skin very clear! 
I am 23 no kids. I got the IUD over a year ago and I am experiencing changes in my period. They last 7 days when they used to last 3. I get horrible cramps and discharge a week before them. They have also changed in dates. Mine used to be around the first of the month now they show up whenever they feel like it. The only plus side is that I am not pregnant but that 's only because I can 't have sex due to the long periods and weird cramping and discharge.
Started Xulane a week ago. The day after I put the patch on I began having mood swings. I assumed it was because my period had just started. As the week went on I continued having crying spells and being snappy. By day 5 I noticed discomfort at the patch placement site. I also started feeling dizzy and was super irritable to the point it was affecting my job. Thankfully I didn 't have to work day 6. I felt hung over most of the day with a migraine head, dizziness at times, still very irritable and pain starting from the application site and spreading across my low abdomen. As the day went on all of the symptoms intensified. The abdomen pain became so bad I couldn 't take it anymore I took the patch off. Within hours I felt better.
I am 21 and when I started this birth control I took it to relieve horrible periods due to what I believe is endometriosis with intense pain that lead to passing out and heavy bleeding, horrible! This pain has stopped which is great and my acne stayed about the same as before, minor, not any worse. But the last month I have been on it a new symptom has arose that is causing me to switch, the worst nausea I have ever had, I take it at night and I wake up in the morning almost unable to do anything. Also now get carsick and never have before and increased my anxiety. I should mention I do have hashimotos thyroid disease which may contribute to my experience. Will be switching to microgestin to see if I can be more comfortable.
My blood sugar went from 280-300 to around 200, so I didn 't get my desired results. Also, I had extreme thirst, constant urination, every 1 1/2 to 2 hours at night and eventually not much urine coming out. Then the constipation set in and made me so miserable that I discontinued the medication after 3 weeks to get some relief. It 's been 4 days and everything is back to normal. High readings but no thirst, urination or constipation. It wasn 't worth the side effects. Also, my insurance company wouldn 't pay for it so it cost $400.00 for a one month supply. Then the doctor 's office gave me a card that was suppose to make it only cost $25.00 a month, but I guess I 'll never know.
I 've had nexplanon for almost three months. I got it inserted a week before my normal cycle. I was period free for a week and a half. Then I had light bleeding for three weeks straight, I read reviews before getting it put in so I was aware that it may cause irregular bleeding. After bleeding three weeks straight I was period free for a week then had more spotting for close to two weeks. Then I was free for about 6 days then here I am spotting again. My doctor said to wait it out if I experienced irregular bleeding bc that was very common in the first few month until your body is use to it. I have caught myself getting upset and emotional over the simplest things. And I am still experiencing soreness in my arm where it was injected.
I had my Implanon inserted in November 2 years ago. I have been waiting and waiting, thinking my body would get used to this. It hasn 't at all. Before the Implanon, I was on Yaz. I had no acne, very light periods lasting 3-4 days, no weight gain, no mood swings, nothing. I just had a big problem with remembering to take the pill. So I decided to switch to Implanon since I wouldn 't have to remember anything. I now have horrible acne, I have gained about 15 pounds, I have bad mood swings and my periods are absolutely terrible. I will have heavy bleeding for about a week, then light bleeding for another week, and then spotting for another week. I 'll be off for about 2 weeks, then start the whole cycle over again.
It helps with the pain but makes me vomit every time I take it and shaky, just not for me however; others I know have taken it and it helped them
The first thing to remember is that everyone 's body will react completely differently to different types of birth control. It all depends on YOUR body. I was on Reclipsen for one year. I 'm a pretty up-beat and happy person but literally as SOON as I started taking Reclipsen I fell into depression. I hated it. I wasn 't myself, I was moody, irritable, I lost confidence and I was really really sad which is not like me at all. I also gained a ton of weight which didn 't help with the whole self confidence thing. The only good thing I have to say about it is that I didn 't get pregnant and my periods were shorter.
Been on for about 7 months. Sex drive has been gone since starting. Sex hurts if tried and I 'm very emotional constantly. Gained a bunch of weight. Haven 't had my period in 4 months only some spotting.
I began taking 50 mg of Seroquel XR, which I am told is a very low dose.  I feel much calmer during the stressful workday, so calm in fact that all I want to do is take a nap.  I can hardly stay awake.  Also, I 'm having difficulty with mental acuity and feeling emotionally dulled.  I did not take a dose last night, otherwise I probably wouldn 't be capable of writing this.  I 'm wondering if this sleepiness persists once I 've been on it for a while, or if it lessens.
I took this pill for a year and a half before I decided enough was enough. It cleared my face up, and I did not experience tremendous weight gain but I lost my sex drive and became extremely moody and depressed. I was crying over everything, I was always irritated and angry at my boyfriend, and on top of that I never wanted him to touch me. I stopped taking the pill about three weeks ago and I cannot begin to explain the difference that I already feel. I finally feel like my bubbly, love-able self again and it feels great.
I am 66 years old, have been on Avodart and Tamsulosin for about a year. I was on Cardura for several years but following the second episode of kidney stones, my Urologist switched me to Avodart and Tamsulosin. I also take a blood pressure medication and calcium supplements for osteoporosis (probably the culprit generating the kidney stones). Avodart and/or Tamsulosin has destroyed my ability to achieve erections and almost eliminated semen ejaculation though my libido is not significantly diminished. Cardura did not produce these negative side effects.
This birth control did shorten my period, help with symptoms. However I 've gotten more sluggish and I 've gained 5 pounds in the first 2 weeks on it. Stopping it now because I can 't keep gaining.
I am on my second month of taking Apri. My periods are much better but I have noticed that I have gained a bit more weight. Also more acne than with my previous birth control pill. But on the good side my periods are much shorter and my cramps are less awful. When it comes to periods it helps, but self esteem, not so much.
Switched from Atripla to Complera hoping for a better health and a relief on neurosystem damages that it causes. The food intake and horrible bloating was the first side effects of it, they got milder as for the 2nd week. By the 8th week my face started changing rapidly, my cheeks got sunken and I developed fatty breasts; my doc denied the fact that my face was changing. I switched doctors and I went back on Atripla, the neuropathy and the neuro side effects went back;my face regain my cheeks at least a 90% of it, my chest looks normal again.
Started Nuvaring on a Sunday and by Tuesdsay I was in the emergency room with  severe abdominal pain, back pain, and headaches. The emergency room could not find anything wrong with me so on Wednesday I was back at my primary care doctor. I was previously on Sprintec and clearly that worked better for me because I had no side effects. My doctor said I had an allergic reaction to the hormones in Nuvaring. It is convenient which would have been nice since I am going to college in the fall and it works amazingly well for my sister. Regardless, make sure that you change birth control immediately if you begin having any side effects because it will probably only get worse.
I 'm 19 years old and I have been using Yasmin for 4 months. I started using Yasmin because I saw it was working tremendously for other people. A week after I started my skin was great then I had a breakout. It hasn 't disappeared since, instead its making the rest of my skin lighter. I 'm worried whether it is working for me or I 'm just impatient.
Like the other anonymous user, I went to the ER with a migraine. I received this medicine and Benadryl (Diphenhydramine) intravenously. The side effects were intolerable. Within minutes of injection a combination of agitation, nervousness and anxiety overwhelmed my already throbbing head. I felt trapped, as if there was no escaping the discomfort of the side effects. I gave this a 3/10 because it still prevented me from throwing up after I already had several times. It works, but I won 't ever use it again.I know it wasn 't the Benadryl as I have taken it since without incident.
WARNING! I have had my asthma Since childhood. This worked wonders with my asthma it almost immediately stopped me from having to use my rescue. I didn 't realize it until now but around the time I started taking it was when I started to suffer from severe mood swings and the feeling of unable to control my emotions (I am 24) something would upset me and I would just cry and cry and cry. I noticed a lack of energy not caring about things I once use to and I just wanted to sleep. If I did go out and drink I sometimes would have terrible nights since alcohol is a depressant I am assuming this is why I would have such an over emotional reaction to things that I normally wouldn 't cry about. I am immediately stopping this once I made the connection.
I just started my fourth month and I 'm still hopeful I 'll see my acne start to clear up. It hasn 't really seen any improvements if anything it is a bit worse. I also get my period two times a month and I called my doctor to inform her and she said after three months that should start getting regulated as well as the acne. So im hopeful with in the next two packages of Tri Sprintec my acne and cycle start responding well. A good benefit is that my breasts have grown a cup size. I will post again at the end of 6 packages of pills and how that has impacted me. Overall im still hopeful because of what my doctor told me.
I wore this patch on a recent cruise and was so sea sick, that I could not enjoy myself. I also got sick on the plane ride home. 
I have been taking Pristiq for 6 months. The first two months, nothing happened. The third and fourth months were great. I was well balanced, no longer angry all of the time. I had motivation to do things, and I felt like I finally had the ambition to do something with my life. And then Pristiq just stopped working for me. As if my body had grown immune to it. I am still talking it regularly every day but I feel just as horrible as I felt before I started taking it. I am going to see a doctor next week to find out why it just stopped working for me. It 's not fair! I read so many reviews on how it has changed peoples lives and fixed their depression. I was so happy to think that I 'd gotten the same result. I can 't find a reliable drug.
Have been on most antidepressants since 1996, Prozac worked but then wears off (just discontinued 3 weeks ago). Viibryd at 10 mg first week helped, increased to 20mg as instructed. Have weakness overall, heart palpitations, dilated pupils, annoyed easily , unable to achieve the big O, gut feels awful and bloated, Cervical Dystonia is aggravated. I have not had diarrhea but cramping. Jittery feeling , thoughts of being better off dead for a few days now. Have only been on this med for 3 weeks... not sure what to do...
Braintree Laboratories describes their product, SUPREP, as having a &ldquo;berry&rdquo; flavor. Not as well understood, is that I think it is the oft-maligned Satanberry. Satanberry is known for its noxious odor and, if unfortunate enough to be ingested, causes Krakatoa-like eruptions of sulfurous gas and violent, firehose-like evacuations of all internal solids and liquids. Poo foam? Yes, you will probably experience this rude shock too. Anus as red as a baboon&rsquo;s behind? You betcha. Aftershocks may occur the day after the actual colonoscopy. In my opinion, SUPREP is overkill for preparation of bowel cleansing. Go for the gentler Prepopik or MoviPrep, either of which I will again insist upon for my next cleansing prior to colonoscopy.
I 'm 16 years old and the first couple of days after I started taking Tri-Sprintec, I had terrible nausea. Right now, I 'm on my tenth day of taking it and the nausea got a little better, but my moodiness is driving me and everyone around me crazy. I feel really irritated all the time and I feel like I can break down crying any moment. I also started my period at least two weeks early. Hopefully, these symptoms will settle down after I 've been on the pill for a month.
I read a lot of reviews before getting implanon. Having it put in was a breeze! For about the first year it was greatest birth control ever. Then I had my period. With it came extreme mood swings, low libido, pain in my arm where it was inserted and my period lasted about 2 months. For the second year I would have a period 3 out of 4 weeks a month and continued with other side effects. I am scheduled to have it taken out Monday. I am a little nervous about removal but we will see how it goes. Overall I am glad I tried it but ready to try something new.
Been taking this for 2 weeks and have noticed some slight improvement via my esophagus not narrowing-down while eating most foods. However, this drug has mitigated the freedom from depression/OCD/anxiety that I take other meditations for (sertraline, fluvoxamine, ativan), and I have felt a great increase in those symptoms since a few days in with this drug... so I 'm getting off this and hope to find something better!
During the first month I took it, it made my period a lot lighter. However, it also made me a lot heavier. I gained 12-ish pounds while taking this, and I had crazy mood swings and emotional instability. I would cry for no reason and I was always slightly hungrier than I should be. My breasts have been sore during the entire duration of using this medicine. Also, I missed one pill and have been on my period for twenty-one days and counting.
I 've been on and off birth control for 5 years and I was on Levora for a couple of months before I decided I didn 't want to be on any birth control. I recently started taking Levora again, but I quickly remembered why I stopped taking it before, HORRIBLE breast tenderness and swelling, to the point where I 'm constantly thinking about how bad my breasts hurt, it 's hard to concentrate or move or do anything because they 're always hurting, just wondering if anyone else experienced this and if so, if it goes away at some point? If not, I have to get off of this!
I am now 2 weeks in and this stuff is REALLY unpredictable. I was taking hyzaar before and supplemented with clonidine. The combo works but the clonidine made me exhausted all the time. Without the clonidine my BP was typically around 140/100. Tried verapamil and apparently calcium channel blockers do nothing at all for me. So doctor talked me into edarbychlor trial month. My price for hazaar was $4 for 90 days. Price under my insurance is $214 for same 90 days for Edarbychlor, but doctor assured we could find pharmacy to give discount. Nope. But ignoring the price: Sometimes my BP is 135/95. Sometimes it is 115/75. There is no association with routine or times. Exercise made it plummet to 65/45. So I think discontinue.
After gallbladder surgery was prescribed this for at home pain management (I can 't take Vicodin) and while it definitely kicks in after about 30 minutes it wears off way too fast. Halfway through my wait till the next dose timeframe pain is in full swing again. Ugh.
It made me dizzy and caused my headache to become worse.
I already knew I had a couple kidney stones in my right kidney. Went to the ER with severe pain in my lower right abdomen. They did a CT scan,  and found a six mm stone stuck in my ureter. Dr prescribed Flomax for seven days. On day four and still nothing has passed.  The only thing this medication does is make me urinate more  frequently and uncomfortable cramping in my pelvic region. Frustrated and discouraged because from what I 've read other people have had great results.  Me, not so much. I have three more days of the medication left and  if it doesn 't work, to the urologist I go.
I am 23 years old and had been using the pill for 5 years. I decided to try the Nuva Ring out because I was not religious about taking the pill at the same time everyday. After using the ring for 3 months, I am extremely melancholy, sensitive, constantly trying to break up with my boyfriend, always crying, and my back hurts. My boyfriend says it 's &quot;clock work&quot; with when my period is about to hit because I always argue with him about something ridiculous. I am looking to switch to the patch because the user reviews are a lot better.The ring is useful because you remove it every 3 weeks. You get your period 2 days after you remove the ring, so there are no &quot;surprises&quot;. If it slips out during sex, you just rinse it off afterward and put it in.
Just started ceftin for infection of inner ear. Taken twice daily for only 2 full days.some relief from pain but ear is still severely stopped up. Almost no hearing in that ear except my own hheartbeat ..rather annoying but beats the alternative.. Have seen many complaints of bad gastrointestinal problems ..my suggestion is take probiotics while on drug. I have no problem with taking it.. Note take at least an hour apart from antibiotics.  Works well for me.  Hope my ear unstops soon.
60 days ; not effective.
I 've experienced 12  years of chronic sleep and anxiety disorders. Zolpidem ( &quot;Ambien&quot;) will not &quot;knock you out&quot; or reduce anxiety levels, instead it creates hypnotic effects that have caused me further issues with uncharacteristic night terrors and black outs. As per the warning label, do NOT try to drive / operate heavy machinery while using this medication.
My first dose but I do not see any improvement
It did it 's job, but came with some nasty side effects. Gained weight and it absolutely killed my sex drive.
The taste was awful and seemed to get progressively worse the more I drank. I probably drank twice the water recommended just trying to get the first bottle down, and then got so nauseous that I almost couldn 't keep the last bit in. Experienced some cramping, but it wasn 't terrible. However there was nothing gentle about the bathroom experience. Recommend baby wipes, plenty of toilet paper, a jar of Vaseline, and an ice pack. Of course, take my experience with a grain of salt -- my system has always been overly sensitive. But I won 't be doing this again.
HUGE weight gain!  From 135 lbs up to 205 lbs and there didn 't seem to be any way to lose the weight. I am not an eater, or a snacker, if anything I can 't manage breakfast and I eat a healthy sandwich for lunch and can only manage 1/2 the meal that my husband eats at night.  For me, depression = loss of appetite.
I 've never taken antidepressants before (I 'm 19). Back in November I started Zoloft at 25 mg for one week. I felt good, my energy was high. But after about 5 of those days, I got bad headaches. Then I started my 50 mg dose. I was even more depressed. I stayed in bed all day. I had panic episodes more frequently. I barely ate, I lost close to 10 pounds which really scared me. I couldn 't take care of myself. I thought I was losing myself. Then I was told to go back to 25 mg. I felt better, less of a lump, but I was still having depressed feelings. I got off zoloft back in December. Consult your doctor before completely cutting off! I hope my Dr. will prescribe me something else...
I am really glad to see so many positive experiences. I just wish I could say the same. I have been on Oxycontin 40 mg for 6 years. I cannot say that I have found relief. I have peripheral neuropathy   and I take the Oxycontin 40 mg twice a day and Methadone 15 mg four times a day. I am in excruciating pain at least 8 eight hours a day and I have trouble sleeping and now I am having a problem with constipation. I don 't really think it is the medications fault I think my dose is to low to handle the amount of pain I am in. My doctor will not prescribe anything stronger.
I 'm on 60mg twice a day. I have been on Geodon for about 2 weeks. I am 42 and just diagnosed mixed mood bi-polar. This medicine has done nothing to my mood but make it worse. I 'm about ready to bite people 's heads off. I am extremely agitated, with thoughts of rage running through my head more than not. I also sweat more, and am paranoid a lot. I want to give it some time, but don 't know how long I can take these feelings.
I had used Alyacen 1/35 for a while, but for some reason I started getting the generic version of it which was Cyclafem. A week after I started taking it, I started feeling more on-edge and anxious, along with nauseous and lightheaded with an overall crappy and irritable mood. I would cry for no reason and I would constantly feel that fight-or-flight sensation with my whole body being tense all the time. It was not pleasant, so I told my doctor to prescribe me explicitly Alyacen. After going back on my regular one, I felt so much better and calmer. These pills made me feel crazy.
The reason I started this medication is because I have four bumps on my cheeks that 's cause by my Rosacea &amp; they won 't go away, they will swell up and then turn pink for a while, it 's just a cycle. I recently started this medication on Jan 4th. I haven 't see any change or had any of the side effects many people have been complaining about. Maybe it 's just too soon to say anything, it 's 50mg but I have to take it twice a day on a full stomach NOT empty like many people do. I am also using metro gel so. I 'm getting my monthly soon and I usually get little pimples. The bumps are getting lighter and a bit smaller but one of the bumps just swelled up and it 's red and it looks like it has a bit of pus, so it sucks right now
Was experiencing some itching/burning and possible other symptoms of a yeast infection (I 've been tottering on the edge of one for awhile according to the Dr. doing my pap smear) so thought I 'd get one of the creams and try it. It 's been years since I 've had a treatment for a YI, but last time the suppositories I used were hard pills that dissolved. This was a cream (a store brand version of Monistat) the single treatment. I was mildly uncomfortable before; the severe burning woke me up. I have cleaned the outside of myself as best I can, inserted a tampon to try and get the cream that is internal... but I am swollen, in severe pain, my insides feel like they are itching.... so I took two benedryl and two aleve and am hoping I can survive.
I 've had previous experience with Akamin 50 and it worked quite well at clearing my skin although I never stuck with it because I lost my prescription after the second repeat out of 5. 3 weeks ago tomorrow I started akamin again to clear up a few pimples I had that were pestering me, was nothing horrible and probably would consider it mild. For the first week it cleared my skin really well and it was virtually perfect. The past 2 weeks since then my skin has been getting progressively worse and is what I would say, worse than it 's ever been. I always cleanse my face and do face masks. I would rather I never went on this again at this point.
I have been taking this for 3 months now. Cons: I have always worked out 5-6 days a week and still have gained about 8-10lbs since starting this pill.  Has caused bloating, loss of sex drive, and quite often nausea.  Pros:  Skin looks a little better, periods are regulated, and cramps are exceedingly less.  But to be honest many of those weren 't really much of an issue  before, the only one was the cramps and that I just had to make sure to have some Advil or something on hand.  So... in the end not a huge fan of this.
Observing water retention under eyes (Puffy Eyes) after taking 5 mg/day continuously for 3 months.
Ultram was prescribed for me for low back pain of unknown origin.  Unfortunately, I would say that the medicine only knocks the pain level 2 points on the 10 point scale. It allowed me to function, but did not take the pain away.
I got the iud implant about 2 months ago, 24, no children. The insertion was unbearable for me. I had no idea how painful it was going to be. After that I spotted for forever, I have random stabbing spasm cramps, and I 've experienced a different.. Scent.. Down there. Not a good one. I 've never had a problem with this before but after looking up reviews, there are tons of girls who experience that and a watery discharge constantly. It 's extremely enbarrassing. My mood swings are crazy especially when I 'm pmsing. I 'm looking to have it removed asap. I regret going through that intense amount of pain for these results. Experiencing this actually makes me look forward to taking a pill every day
This drug makes me very drowsy, headache, backache, severe nausea even when taken with food.  The pain after urination is still there after 4 days on the drug.  The only positive thing so far is that I have not gotten a yeast infevtion which was common with other uriniary tract infection drugs.
Just started using this medicine 5/10 mg 3 days ago. Causes severe dizziness and coughing. Can 't function well because of dizziness and feel very uncomfortable because of it.  Coughing wakes both me and my husband up at night.  
I am a 17 year old junior and I started taking Vyvanse in 9th grade. I 'm not saying it doesn 't work because I went from any average student to where B 's are a disappointment to my mom. But I haven 't had much of a social life anymore, the people at my lunch table think I 'm anorexic and I don 't sleep most nights. I get headaches constantly and I 'm tired of this. I tried other medicines but my mom said nothing works as good. 
I gave it 4 stars because it did prevent pregnancy. I regret ever getting it. I had a ton of beautiful curly hair and this caused my hair to fall out in handfuls. I wish I had gotten it removed sooner or never gotten it. I had it removed a year ago and my hair has stopped falling out so much, but it 's never gotten back to the way it was. It 's thin and dry and looks like crap. I miss my beautiful hair. I hate looking at it now, I 'm ashamed of it. If I could go back, I would NOT get this!!! Plus it 's weird having it in your arm. Sometimes you get painful twinges. Or you have to be careful not to let anyone touch you there because they could push on one end of it. I don 't recommend it.
I have been suffering with gastroparesis for years, and at one point ended up in the emergency room because I was so intensely nauseated and dehydrated.  Was given Compazine in IV solution, which worked wonderfully to stop the nausea. The doctor sent me home with Compazine pills, and they weren 't as effective.
I have noticed no difference in stream (5ml when I took the flow test) after 3 days using, and am unable to ejaculate. 25y/o male.
I was on lithium carbonate, for 21 years. Mentally I found lithium to be a very effective mood stabiliser. The physical effects of lithium, is what affected me in the long term. I was diagnosed with hypothyroidism, after being on lithium for 7 years, which my doctor attributed to being on lithium long term, and after being on lithium for 21 years, I was diagnosed with Nephrogenic diabetes insipidus, which an endocrinologist, attributed to being on lithium long term, the symptoms of this are increase thirst and increase urination, as I passed 10 litres of urine in a 24 urine test. Recently I have just had one of my kidneys removed due to renal cancer, which I attribute to the long term use of lithium also.
I am in my early 40 's and pretty healthy. I was about 40lbs overweight and before beginning medication I lost 20lbs. My Blood pressure didn 't go down, averaging around 139/88, I never had High Blood Pressure until the past 6 months, when I went to the Doctor he put me on Triamterene-Hydrochlorothiazide and within 24 hours, I got THE WORST nausea/dizziness. I gave it a few more days to see if it would subside and when it didn 't after 5 days, I had to call the doctor.  Although the side effects were unbearable I did notice an instant drop in my Blood pressure to average 117/75.  I also noticed another few lbs. drop off, most likely due to the release of the water in my system. I ranked a 3 due to the severe side effects.
Last year 's infusion brought four days of fever, made difficult because I can 't take aspirin or other non steroidal anti-inflammatories. After two weeks, I 'm nostalgic for those symptoms. This time body temp has stayed in the 96.4 range (95.9 this a.m.), when it 's usually 97.6-98.6, so I feel very cold--until I get a savage hot flash requiring me to mop myself off with a towel, at least once an hour. I also have muscle cramps waking me up several times a night (more than prior to treatment). I 've been lightheaded and fatigued. I also have fibromyalgia, but these symptoms are different/more intense. The doc told me he can do nothing. I 'm frantic because I need to work and find that almost impossible. Anyone else with a situation like mine?
If you 're currently taking Loestrin and experiencing mood swings/depression, etc., don 't think your moodiness will eventually dissipate over time.  I 've always been a fairly upbeat, positive, rational person. Since taking Loestrin (I 'm into my fourth pack = four months), my mood swings have continued to get worse. I cry or tear up at the most random things, for no reason at all. I am anxious and my moods are unpredictable. On a positive note, Loestrin has reduced my period to 1-2 days a month with VERY light bleeding.
I 've only been on alesse for a week but I 'm already quitting it... no physical pain or acne or anything like that, but I 'm experiencing these horrible mood swings. All the sudden I become extremely irritable or want to cry my eyes out, it 's unbearable. Also, I 'm hardly ever hungry or full now. The not being hungry thing isn 't so bad, but I can literally eat an entire tub of icecream and still not be full. I 've definitely gained a little bit of weight.
So I got nexplanon on July 21st 2014. I started bleeding days after implantation. I was on a constant period with a flow anywhere from medium to spotting. In January 2015 my doctor put me on two months of birth control pills to help stop the  'break through ' bleeding and hopefully regulate or stop my period. The pills did stop my period for the time I took them, but now in May 2015 I 'm back on a constant medium flow for the past 6 weeks. :(On a positive note... My doctors ' name is literally Dr. Pepper and she 's awesome
Have been on Actos for almost a year, gained 24 pounds and have swelling in hands and feet and are retaining a lot of water in my thighs.  My sugar levels are good.  My doctor lowered my dosage from 30 mg to 15 mg but refused to take me off.  Will get a second opinion because the side effects are too much.
I have been on this for about a month now. I 'm just so sleepy all the time. I can 't snap out of it and even on the lowest dosage (40mg at night) I can 't kick it. I feel like I 'm a different person, not in a good way. I 'm going to call my doctor and tell her that I discontinued it on my own. I cannot perform my daily functions as a wife and mother when I feel like I 'm going to fall asleep behind the wheel.
Yes, it works but ever since I started taking it I 've become extremely sensitive and emotional and I feel like my hormones are exploding. I get flustered and depressed very easily and I 'm getting off of it next week.
I was on a cross country flight and took ambien in hopes of sleeping through the ordeal. I have severe anxiety when it comes to flying and a (seemingly unattainable) dream of mine is to be able to board, pass out, wake up when we land. I took TWO ambien and was rewarded with some mild symptoms of intoxication, a headache, and a few weepy spells. I thought this medication would do what I needed but now I guess I officially know there 's no way to snuff out my nerves.
I have been taking seroquil for 18 months and have gained about 30 lb.  I take 200mg at night and find I feel as if I am starving and eat crazy amounts sugary food that  I crave. I find that when I wake my eyes have a haze over them for a half hour or so. If I miss a dose I can not sleep no matter how much I try. I get a clenched jaw and grind my teeth when I miss a dose. I was in prison and sometimes was not given the opportunity to take it. Those nights and days were long. I will say that it helps slow the mind down and it is amazing to get to sleep. With that said after taking it I was ready for bed in about 20min whether I wanted to sleep then or not. When I tried stopping I did not sleep right for months.
does not have  the ability to reduce blood pressure  I am taking this medication   2 times a day morning and late afternoon Apo- praosin 1MG
At first it was a minor problem. After I had inserted the product it lit me on fire and the itch became worse. DO NOT USE THE PRODUCT! This is the day after and this is horrible, this is the first time I 've ever used this product so this could be a day after effect I 'm not sure. I don 't recommend this though. Get your PCP and get a prescription of Diflucan. The next day you WILL feel relief.
I have a love &amp; hate relationship with this drug ! I have been on &amp; off this medicine multiple times in the past 5 years At the beginning i saw tremendous relief in my FM symptoms that only lasted about 3 yrs of it was a up and down of changing the dosage because for me weight gain on this pill is ridiculous so my Dr kept me on the lowest dose until i need a lil more, So my dosage was anywhere from 300mg x2 or x3 daily . All this changed on year 4 when i went into a horrible flare up during winter &amp; not even gaba could fix i noticed that it just just stopped working for me p.s. withdrawls are horrible, anxiety,insomina,hot/cold spells, stomach issues,fatigue,nausea,muscle cramps, best wishes to all withdrawing hang in there it gets better!
I went on this for acne, and it worked the first go around, I stopped for like 6-9 months and then went back on it, and now my face is completely dried out everyday, I 'm bloated, finding myself completely emotional about things I would never find upsetting, depressed and now I 'm bleeding at random times and does not regulate my period. A big no from me.
I took Ellaone like end of oct time on the same day as i had unprotected sex. I only took it coz my period app said i have a medium chance of getting preg and as am usually carefull i didn 't want to take any chances..so here we are 21days days late and panicking although all the preg tests i have done were all negative!!
I 've been using Aczone twice a day for 4 and a half weeks for my red pimples. When I went to my dermatologist she put a needle in each pimple it was a medicine which helped a little bit. And ever since using aczone nothing worked. It clearly says after a specific period of time if the cream doesn 't work change it to a new cream or gel. This cream is not so great. Giorgio armani CC cream works for my skin way better, and the dior nude air powder is great for my oily skin.  I will definitely get a different  prescription cream.
I switched to this after Aviane because I went down from a very full C cup to barely fitting in a B. My doctor switched me on Microgestin Fe saying that its low hormone and I should have my body shape back.Cons: -My acne came back. Huge pimples on my forehead, and small little ones all along my cheeks while redness. -My nose is constantly swollen -My face is no longer clear and glowing as it was on Aviane. -My hair is also drier and thinner. It is falling like crazy-My periods were never severely heavy, but I would have to be careful sleeping in certain positions the first two days because they would be a bit excessive. Pros: -Not pregnant-No mood swings after a while
It was all going well until 6 months into it a sudden burst of laughter dislodged the Mirena and it eventually perforated the uterus and ended up on the outside. After 2 lots of ultrasounds it has to be removed by laparoscopic surgery. Not a good option if you live outside the city as many appointments to get it sorted plus the expense of it all.
I used it some time back and did not get a full reaction but I am over 80 years old but in good condition.
Terrible and cant get off these. Blurried vision,have to close eyes. Dizzy and not yourself.
I could not focus while on this drug. I had blurry vision and I couldn 't sit still. Now I 'm on something else with no side effects.
I mainly took this pill because combination pills made my blood pressure sky rocket. I loved it at first. After the first month I had no period. Them about 4 months into it I was bleeding for two weeks straight. I developed an ovarian cyst while on this. And it was rupturing. I immediately stopped this pill. Never had a cyst before in my life. Now I 'm back on seasonique and on BP meds.
I started it in April of 2011 and absolutely loved it. By February of 2012, I was nauseous and puking after meals--went to the doctor and discovered that I had also gained 16 pounds! (Didn 't notice clothes any tighter or anything). Right now, I 'm trying a lower dose, but I still can 't shake the weight (AND it 's becoming visibly noticeable which is NOT so great for my self esteem). I 'm planning on calling the doctor tomorrow to try a regular estrogen based pill again. 
Love the fact that I don 't have periods!  However immediately after having it inserted, I started experiencing severe acne (I 'm 35) so this is seriously unacceptable.  It 's so bad that it 's all over my face, neck, chest, back and scalp.  Nothing works to get rid of it.  I went to a dermatologist and he prescribed several items for me none of which worked.  I have another appointment to go in a couple of days.  There is a medicine that apparently works (I did lots of research online) that 's called spironolactone that 's used for high blood pressure and acne as well as a few other things.  People say that if they 're prescribed 100mg, it works and they have almost no pimples after a few months.
Had my second 50mg injection (done weekly) in the doctor 's office today.  No negative side effects yet.  Metal taste for several hours after the injection.  Mouth sores are gone.  Still taking 200mg of Imuran daily in conjunction.  Thinking I feel a little less fatigued.  Time will tell.
Worked well when I started the 25mg, but then after a few weeks (maybe 2) I went back to be bring anxious as ever but only now with tons of side affects, caused me to gain a ton of weight and increased my appetite, causes excessive sweating, and a bunch more. Basically I 'm on medicine that causes a bunch more problem 's and I feel like it makes my anxiety worse. And no I haven 't just been on zoloft for a few weeks I 've been on it for at least 8 months already and I 'm now on 150mg. And still no change. It works for some people and not for others, and it did not work for me.
Terrible heartburn and nausea after three doses(pills). Stopped on the advice of Doctor.
I have been on Bydureon for just under a week.  I have not been able to eat very much.  I am nauseous every day and no very little energy.  I 've been considering going to see my doctor to see whats wrong with me but I see from these messages that it 's probably from the injection.  Of course, I 've lost a few pounds because I cannot eat anything. I HATE HOW I FEEL!
I was on Cymbalta for 5 days. It helped my anxiety, but I couldn 't handle the side effects: nausea, extreme sleepiness and yawning for the better part of the day, feeling zombie-like, chills, clenching my jaw, headache. I stopped taking it after 5 days, and the withdrawal was terrible. I felt like I 'd been hit my a truck: terrible headache and clenching of jaw. And I 'd only been on 30 mg for 5 days. Even if I could have tolerated the side effects, I would have been worried about the withdrawal.
I recently switched off of this birth control after 10 months. I had no complaints for the first couple of months. My cup size increased from a 34B to a 36C. I am naturally prone to depression, so when I started to have suicidal ideation and deep depression I at first attributed it to my own mental state. After a few months, I finally realized that I consistently got my period in the week following the worst bouts of depression, leading me to believe that my birth control was at least partially responsible. I gained 20 pounds and experienced difficulty with motivation. I finally switched because I experienced two days of constant bleeding (&quot;spotting&quot;) two weeks into my cycle for five months in a row.
I was perscribed Lyrica for my fibromyalgia.  The first pill made me very dizzy and nauseous.  The second pill woke me up at 3am (I took it at 9:30 pm) with a terrible headache.  I will not be taking anymore.  The irony is ALL of my pain is gone.  I cannot live with the side effects though.  
I was on NuvaRing for 4 months before I decided to go off it. The best part was that it made me lose all of the water weight I had gained on another type of birth control. However, within a few days of inserting the ring, I noticed a HUGE change in my moods. I would feel angry for no reason (like PMS) all throughout the month, I would cry at the drop of a hat, and I started feeling anxious 24/7. My husband could also feel the ring when we had sex, so I would take it out and then put it back in later which can get annoying. I also experience a lot more discharge than normal. NuvaRing is NOT for me.
I have been on Rexulti for a little over 2 months. I started on 0.5 mg the first week and moved up to 1.0 mg the second week. I am taking it as an add-on to my Lexapro 40mgs for MDD. My depression was almost immediately better, but by the second week my anxiety was HORRIBLE!! I began getting sores in my mouth from the constant movement of my tongue. It 's uncontrollable, as is the eye blinking. I stay tired from my body being tense 24/7. My Dr took my dosage down to 0.5 mg and increased my Ativan but I 'm still not doing any better. I 'm fixing to stop it completely. I pray that the issues with my tongue and eyes will go away once I stop taking it.
I am 52 years old and after having difficulty with urinary flow, multiple bathroom trips per night , I finally went to the doctor for the dreaded check.  After no serious issues were found, my doctor suggested Rapaflo.  He forewarned me about the anejaculation, but said I would still have the sensation associated with ejaculation.  After about a month, the sensation has ceased to exist. 
Although this was my first yeast infection, I knew it was a YI because of the symptoms I was having, also talking to loved ones. I decided to use monistat 1 day relief because I thought it would knock it out. Nope. I didn 't have the crazy burning but I was very uncomfortable. I wasn 't able to sleep about two hours after I inserted the ovule; which by the way was very dry and hard to get in. It has been 3 days since I 've used the product and I still have mild itching but no burning. I looked on the monistat website and it says it could take up to 7 days for complete relief and really hope so!! The relief itch cream that came with really helps for sitting through long classes. Overall, uncomfortable to use and didn 't completely cure me :(
Have a sinus infection which causes a pretty bad cough... got tired of it and reached for Delsym (I bought it a month earlier for my son 's bad cough and it worked for him)... took it at 3pm today and by 5pm I had the runs!!! Cough was gone, but it made me go! I don 't have IBS or any digestive issues so it seems to be affiliated with this medicine... up to you if it 's worth it... for me it was that 's how bad my cough was.
Had the IUD put in 2 weeks ago....painful (yet quick) insertion.  Cramping that night.  Spotted for 4 days.  Had to go back today to have it taken out.  Pelvis felt inflamed.  Does cause acne/oily skin....but otherwise no symptoms.  Not a fan of the IUD.  Unfortunately first and last.
Although my doctor thought this was far superior to anything else, it just didn 't work for me. I was successful in stopping for 4 days. However, I couldn 't sleep and I turned into a cranky old man. I had a real short fuse. I can see how this could be good for some but it just wasn 't my cup of tea.
I absolutely hate this pill!  I take it everyday but I thought I was pregnant.  I 'm sick, my mood is horrible, I 'm exhausted.  I will say it 's helping with my acne and increasing my appetite (I 'm thin so of course I want to eat more) but other than that it 's a no for this pill for me.  My period is lighter and shorter but everything else makes me miserable.  My boyfriend hates being around me because I 'm so moody.  I couldn 't explain why.  I need to find another option.  My sex drive actually increased but it 's still a no bueno for me.
I had nexplanon for a year and 6 months. I bled the entire time- at least 15 days a month. It wasn 't a full flow, but it was always there and there was no rhyme or reason to the bleeding so I couldn 't even plan for it. It worked as in I 'm not pregnant, but I couldn 't take the bleeding. I kept hoping it would adjust to my body, but never did. My doctor said many women have the same result and that 's why they get it removed. It 's been gone a month and I have not bled since aside from my actual scheduled monthly period. It 's great to be able to know when I 'll be bleeding. My acne is completely gone as well (it wasn 't severe, but my face is spotless now and nothing changed aside from removal). Insertion and removal was easy and painless.
I 've never encountered hay fever allergies prior to this spring, so as soon as it all began, I decided to do some research. Allegra looked like my best bet because it claimed that drowsiness was not a side effect, and I was told it would work quickly! I decided on the 24-hr. I have yet to notice a difference and have not been sleeping very well! 
I was prescribed this for strep throat.. It did a great job clearing up the infection I felt 100 times better after taking just two doses, but the second day of taking it I noticed I was extremely itchy all over my stomach sure enough a day later I broke out in a horrible rash all over my stomach, arms, and legs.. I didn 't end up finishing the rest of the antibiotic due to my doctor telling me to stop taking it. It took about two weeks for the rash to go away and I still have a patch left on my arm.
I started to take vraylar 1.5 mg about two weeks ago and at first I noticed right away I just felt better, my mood was up, I had a sense of humor again but about a week ago I started to have problems with my binge eating again and even though I feel ok I can 't seem to stop eating this makes me feel very out of control and sad.  The last three days I haven 't been able to sleep I can 't focus my thoughts I don 't feel good any more.  I 'm hoping to go off vraylar today or tomorrow after I talk to my doctor.
I was put on 150 mg dose about 4 weeks ago for mild depression/anxiety. I had dry mouth, headaches, spacey feeling, and nervousness. All of which added to my anxiety. I switched to 300 mg for 1 week, but the jitters increased and I could have climbed the walls! Rarely felt like eating.  It did not negatively affect my ability to orgasm (like Lexapro did) which was nice, but couldn 't handle the side effects. Trying Cymbalta.
I was on Belviq for a while and it was really good it helped me loose over 70 lbs. but after the 5 month of being on it it started to make me dizzy, sleepy, tired, confused, and a little depressed. It also made me it really hard for me to concentrate. The medication was no longer working for me, I had an incredibly hard time moving. I constantly felt thrown out of balance and almost fell several times. I had to stop taking it, good news though the medication didn 't cause any type of discontinuation syndrom so once I was off of it I felt so much better.
I just finished my 3 month course of shots. The first two months were not to bad but the third month has taken its toll on me. I can deal with the hot flashes but the joint pain has become very intense. The pain is disruptive where my hands are aching all the time. It keeps me up at night time then lack of sleep becomes a problem. I wish they would suggest a joint therapy program for you to take if you need because its not like you can just call up your doctor and see him right away.
Made me yawn a little. Not much help with my sleeping.
I give Trinessa a rating of 3 only because it was effective as birth control, but the side effects were not worth it. My skin broke out badly the very first day I was on Trinessa. I had inflamed, painful blemishes on my chin always in the same areas until I started taking the placebo pill, then it gradually got better.  I was also super emotional the entire time I took it; I even missed a day of work because I couldn 't stop sobbing. Had similar experience switching from Ortho Tri Cyclen Lo to TriSprintec, only side effects were even more severe, so I only took it one week.  For me, definitely worth paying $60 more a month.
Last Wednesday 4/22/2015, I went to the dentist for a severe tooth ache. I wasn 't sure if I had a really bad cavity or an abscessed tooth. The technician takes an X-ray of the infected tooth, and the dentist offers to pull it, I say alright cause I 'm thinking it is a cavity. Novocaine won 't numb it, my left lower next to last jaw tooth is throbbing. The dentist tries to pull it out with a pair of forceps. I came out of the chair in pain, then she tells me I have an abscessed tooth! I 've been taking this antibiotic for 5 to 6 days, and it is just now starting to take effect. I 'm taking 150 mg, 2 capsules three times daily till gone. I eat before I take it, and this medicine still makes me feel nauseated.
Put me to sleep almost every night at first, however, never felt like I had a great nights sleep. Then after a few months it became less effective. Started waking at five o 'clock and needing to take supplemental medicines to get some sleep. Am switching to something that might also help with anxiety too. (By the way, did not experience the foul taste thing at all.)
I was on a gel before and I 'm going back. My doctor thought this one would be easier for me to apply, but the application process is a mess. Plus it takes longer for me to apply and sometimes gets on my hands anyway, so whats the point? My levels aren 't any better than they were before. Plus I had to pay $25 for the script. 
I had been using vagifem for about  8 years and now have uterine cancer.  I am having a hysterectomy next week as a result.  When my cancer surgeon found out I was using vagifem tabs he immediately had me stop it.
I was prescribed this a few months ago, I took the first day 's pills and had a HORRENDOUS headache, but I 'd taken many medications before it and had pretty similar experiences and the side effects usually dropped after a week or two. So i kept at it with this stuff for another 2 1/2 weeks, and still the same headaches. So i stopped taking it, I didn 't notice a change in my skin either. Maybe I 'm just sensitive to this.
Horrible birth control. I was given this because my physician didn 't specify &quot;DAW&quot; so they gave me a generic brand because they didn 't have my original prescription in stock. I 've had my period for 3 out of 4 weeks I 've been on it. I 'm supposed to be on birth control to regulate my period and to not get pregnant, its working to prevent pregnancy but not how its supposed to.
There are many positives such as motivation, and a brief period of content, but there are also many negatives.. rapid heartbeat/chest pains, weight loss, dizziness, dry mouth. When the medicine kicks in, i feel this amazing sense of being content.., no matter what I 'm doing at the time i just feel happy, but soon feel an extreme sadness and despair when it wears off, because i wonder why i can 't be happy anymore. I also become extremely irritable, anxious, and restless. I continue to take this medication ,because it helps me get things done and focus, but the negative impact is extremely hard on me, and effects my mental and physical health greatly. Most common side effects for me are chest pains, sadness, rapid mood change, headache, and loss
I had Mirena inserted in April of 2015. The insertion was painful for me, as I have not ever been pregnant and given birth. I had light spotting for two weeks after insertion and then when I thought my body was adjusting, I would spot throughout the following months. It wasn 't until month 6 that the spotting stopped. It was also in month 6 that I discovered one mass in each of my breasts, one the size of a walnut and the other the size of a small gumball. I really did enjoy having no periods with Mirena, but I had it removed at month 9, with a pending breast ultrasound and mammogram at age 26.
I took Cipro for five days and had to stop.  I can say that it took the symptoms of the urinary tract infection away and made me feel better that way.  On the other hand, it really aggravated some inflammatory conditions that I have had under control for a long period of time.
Implanon does it 's job, but I do have really crazy mood swings and I have gained 10 pounds since I 've had it in (even though I workout regularly). I have periods every other month (light flow but the worst cramps). Don 't know if I can deal with it anymore. Not really used to the changes.
I 've been taking citalopram for about 8 months now for mild depression and anxiety. I started off taking 10mg and have slowly increased to 30mg. I haven 't noticed any change in my low grade depression, but have noticed that I 'm less anxious in social situations. I 'm going to stop taking it after talking to my doctor because the side effects aren 't worth it for me. I sweat profusely which offsets the social anxiety benefit as it embarrasses me to be so sweaty (it 's summer in South Carolina). I 'm also really tired all the time and constantly crave food. So far I 've gained 15lbs since starting citalopram. Overall, the minor benefit doesn 't outweigh the crappy side effects I 'm having.
So I got the nexplanon inserted April 2016. It 's May 2017...so a little more than a year. Over the first 6 months I was really happy about it. I didn 't have a period, no worries about getting pregnant. it all seemed really good. These past 6 months however I have been bleeding off and on every two weeks. Sometimes I would even cramp like a on a regular period. I have noticed mood changes but didn 't think anything of it until I felt like I couldn 't get out of this state of sadness. Now I 'm starting to think it 's the nexplanon because there 's no reason for me to feel this way. Also my sex drive feels down which is really unfortunate for my partner and I. It just depends on the person but this is starting to make me reconsider switching.
I was diagnosed with C. diff about a week ago. They think I got it from taking Cefdinir for acne for way too long. I don&rsquo;t  know if this drug is working for me. I guess I&rsquo;m not going to the bathroom as much as before but I&rsquo;m very constipated and I have absolutely no appetite. Then when I do eat, my stomach pays for it so I try to refrain from eating all together. Today is day 6 on the meds and I&rsquo;m experiencing severe pain when urinating like I have never felt that before!! :( its awful. I&rsquo;m beginning to feel lifeless. I have no energy to do anything and that&rsquo;s because I have to return back to work in two days. I thought medicine is supposed to make you feel better with time, not worse. I really hope these symptoms start to subside.
The first three months went alright- I was quite moody and emotional, but nothing more than how I am when I get PMS. It was bearable and didn 't last too long. I had one period for two weeks. After taking the second shot, I have had a period for over a month and a half now (an actual heavy period, not spotting). My acne has gotten worse. I 'm definitely switching to the pill when I am ready to get my next shot. 
I was diagnosed with a migraine. Given  Reglan pill and ibuprofen. Didn 't really take my headache away until after I got home and time passed I was able to take my Excedrin Migraine. Not sure Reglan worked as well as the good old standby..so no need for me to fill the prescription he also gave me. One was enough..
It 's just silence in my head, its hard to think. I don 't have schizophrenia. I just can 't really think clearly. All night I stayed up dizzy and nauseous but I 'm gonna continue the medicine in hopes that it loosens up and keeps me mellow headed. After the initial nausea I felt pretty chill. (If it gets better I will keep you guys updated.)
Had flu-like symptoms for the first 3-5 days (body aches, fatigue, felt AWFUL) and by day 6 I woke up with a drug rash covering my entire body. I had to go into the ER for IV drip of benedryl and was told to stop taking the meds. Never again.
I 've had nexplanon for almost three months. I got it inserted a week before my normal cycle. I was period free for a week and a half. Then I had light bleeding for three weeks straight, I read reviews before getting it put in so I was aware that it may cause irregular bleeding. After bleeding three weeks straight I was period free for a week then had more spotting for close to two weeks. Then I was free for about 6 days then here I am spotting again. My doctor said to wait it out if I experienced irregular bleeding bc that was very common in the first few month until your body is use to it. I have caught myself getting upset and emotional over the simplest things. And I am still experiencing soreness in my arm where it was injected.
Apri was awful. My periods before I started taking the pill were 4/5 days then when I started, my periods became 16 days long. I was depressed. I gained a lot of acne when previously my skin was clear. I was on it for 5 months but the negative side effects were so clear. It absolutely wasn 't worth it. With that said, it is an effective birth control option, just not for me
Had a lumpectomy for Stage I Advanced Breast Cancer followed by radiotherapy. Then was put on each of the aromatase inhibitors, letrozole and the other one. Basically I was unable to continue either after 10 days due to increasingly debilitating dizziness, nausea, crying, etc. Then put on tamoxifen, and I developed lymphodoema. So tamoxifen was discontinued but still have moderate lymphodoema. Then put on aromasin. Initially able to tolerate it but increasing light-headedness (four minor car accidents) and debilitating joint pain (everywhere), poor sleep somewhat countered with Lyrica. I had already been diagnosed with widespread arthritis in the joints and the pain with aromasin has been intolerable so discontinued, against medical advice.
Nausea, night tremors.
Was put on this pill after I came off microgynon after 5 years as it made me insane. I 've been on loestrin for 3 months and will be changing as soon as I can. I have been having the most severe nightmares on this pill and I am woken up every night in a tizz. Also my boobs have grown a cup size which is good, but I have also gained weight and can 't seem to shift it. Feel constantly fat. Also all my life I have had essentially perfect skin but since being on this pill my skin is constantly greasy which has resulted into spots. On the plus side, mood is generally good and no pregnancys but the nightmares are too big of a deal to carry on
I have an ingrown toenail infection and on the first dose it started to feel better, but, not any better with next 4 doses. However, I ate as directed but on dose 4 it felt like I had what felt like a bubble under my left upper back and front ... as if I needed to belch but when I did the pain went go away for about 30 seconds and came right back. It really felt like I was having heart issues.  I was suppose to take 500 mg 3 times daily for 7 days. I cannot get the 3rd dose in a day, but, I felt horrible ... headaches too. I 'm not going to take anymore and I 'll call Dr. tomorrow.
I was told to take this four times a day for three days, but after taking just two, I started having side effects. The first day I had to go to bed as I had a throbbing headache, upper stomach pain and feeling sick. I have been advised to carry on taking it and have two tablets left. While on this medication, I have felt so so tired. I have fallen asleep on the sofa midday a few times. Not to mention a constant headache throughout. Neon pee too, which took me by surprise. Cannot wait for this to be out of my system. However, my UTI symptoms have almost gone.
Finished 3 loading doses over past month, now on monthly maintenance.  Psoriasis on hands/elbows/feet still bad and my pain from psoriatic arthritis still fairly bad, but I am more mobile tho it hurts to move. Tried methotrexate, Humira and Otezla in the past.  Sick with a cold, we 'll see how this treatment goes.  Hoping for better results with more time.
I 've been on 50 mg of brand Topamax for two years and the cognitive impairment is significant. I often forget how to spell my last name, I don 't remember events of just yesterday, and I can 't spell anything anymore for the life of me. I take it for Rapid Cycling Bipolar I &amp; went off it for two weeks to attempt to get my cognition back - by about the 6th day I started to show signs of mania and by day 8 I was full blown manic with psychosis. I 'd do anything to get off this brain mush of a drug but it serves a purpose. Oddly, I never went into psychosis until this drug. Oh, and the days that passed without Topamax lead to the worst headaches ever. Buyer beware.
I noticed right away I was exausted, but didn 't think anything of it. I have always been emotional so it didn 't seem off that I randomly started crying. Once I hit 4 months I thought I burnt my tongue. Went to the doctor to make sure it was nothing like strep throat or anything. My tongue swelled to where I couldn 't talk or eat, and it lasted about a week. Then this month the first week on the new pack I had the same problem. I know I haven 't burnt my tongue as I have been too paranoid to eat anything hot. So I called the doctors office and was told it 's odd, but it can happen.. so I will be picking up a new prescription today. Mean while I still have to wait for the swelling to go down.
I too started Pristiq after 17 years of being on antidepressants. I also have tried everything out there. I did not feel anything at all for the first 2 weeks. However, I started to have these slight body aches - never did I attribute this to the medicine. After another week on this medication, I also could not stay awake for longer than 2 hours at a time. I began having body aches. I could not make it through a day at work, I could barely get out of bed in the morning, and there was no way I could do my household chores. I had many blood tests ran and everything came back normal. I finally realized it may be the Pristiq and after just 3 days of being off of it, I was completely pain free and not tired.
After years of non-medicinal attempts to deal with my SAD, I finally decided to give it a shot as it had been really bad the last three years. My doctor put me on fluoxetine at 20 mg and then moved it up to 40 mg. On the positive side it made me less prone to angry outbursts and my lows weren 't as bad. I 've stopped taking it due to side effects. I had some initial insomnia but adjusted. However, a few days into 40 mg I could only manage 4 hours sleep a night. I would be restless and anxious. My mind would be racing and wouldn 't relax despite the fact that the rest of my body was exhausted. I also had trouble getting and maintaining an erection. Not being able to be intimate with my wife or sleep well made me depressed, so what 's the point?
I started this birth control and it has been the worse experience. My periods were,ways regular on time, and I barely got cramps or back pain. On this pill I have been getting really bad back pain and bad cramps to the point it wakes me up at night. I never spotted and on this pill I spot every two weeks but this month it feels as a regular period.... Its not convenient whatsoever. The only pro I could say is a bit larger breasts. That 's it!
Iv been on depo for 3 years , and I can say its better than other birth controls you deffanitly won 't get pregnant its probly hard to conceive even after you stop getting it. I have gained about 35 lbs mostly always hungry. I get acne on an off an have mood swings . I 'm thinking about getting off of it cus I heard it decreases bone mass an putting that in your body for long time can 't be healthy
Stopped taking Cymbalta after being on the medicine for almost year.  Worked wonders for the pain from Fibro and also improved my mood.  I also had some horrible side effects.  Lost a ton of hair, gained 40 pounds and became a compulsive gambler. Heard of others suffering from compulsive behavior on the medicine and also euphoria feelings.  I couldn 't get over my loss of control when it came to gambling (slots).  I know others on the drug who became shopaholics.  I have been off the drug for five weeks and what a difference.  My hair is growing in better and is not falling out like before.  I have no desire to go gamble.  Losing the weight may be more difficult.  I am glad I have decided to get off the medicine, but am also suffering fibro pain.
I just got this thing in 3 days ago and I have a severe infection where it is. Also I noticed it move onward towards my muscle in my arm. I had the implanon and. Ever had these kinds of issues. In fact I never had issues with the implanon. This nexplanon is horrible and don 't recommend anyone getting it. They shouldn 't change things that work well. This is what happens. Being the implanon back.
Does not seem to help much. Doctor is reluctant to prescribe something different. Viibryd worked very well but I can 't afford the copay.
Was on this drug for about four years with Wellbutrin. The combination worked well for the first three years; however developed severe tremors and other side effects.
I was on 50mg of Zoloft for the last 3 years, and it has somewhat reduced my panic attacks, but my depression has gotten much worse. My doctor suggested that I increase my dosage to 100mg, which I did. At this dosage I felt less depressed, but was much more anxious, more angry and starting experiencing manic states for the first time in my life. I do not have bipolar, so this was extremely concerning. I have been taking 3mg of Clonazepam daily with my Zoloft, but I only experience mania after increasing my Zoloft, so I can only suspect I had an adverse reaction
Currently on 10mg of Lexparo 1 x a day to help mellow out my anxiety and panic attacks associated with postpartum depression. Was extremely effective, but the effect started wearing off after 2 months. The drowsiness I experienced from the medication was also getting unbearable. Doctor prescribed 150 mg Wellbutrin XL 1 x a day to be used in combination with the 10mg Lexapro. The idea was that it would increase my feelings of well-being while counteracting the drowsiness. Stopped Wellbutrin after 2 days. I experienced anxiety, sleeplessness, bad headaches behind my eyes, nausea and sour stomach. Probably should have given it more time to kick in. Will stick to Lexapro and just drink more coffee.
It works well to control frequent urination but I 'd rather keep changing my underwear than put up with the side effects - chemical castration, blurry vision, dizziness, imbalance. Now into second month with the hope that symptoms would abate. Instead they continue to get worse. Absolutely NOT worth taking.
Average-- not satisfied -- symptoms continue
Hi I 've been on the shot since the beginning of May. I 've been bleeding constantly for 7 months with very frequent headaches. I almost thought I was anemic at one point due to the shot. However it was very effective in preventing pregnancy, but definitely not worth all the other symptoms.
I saw very little improvement and I became ill while on the medication. It just didn 't work for me. I was on it for 6 months and my plaques weren 't going away.
I was started on Gabapentin 5 days ago.  Began with one 300mg pill a night.  Have not had more than 3 hours of sleep since I stopped taking my other medication.  I am going to up it to 600 mg per night to see if it relieves the pain and leg jerking.  I am near my wit 's end.  I have suffered from restless legs syndrome for over 30 years.
My doctor put me on the patch because I have terrible cramps during my period and usually develop ovarian cysts that are very painful a few days before my period starts. I put this on at 7pm and by midnight I had terrible headaches to the point I couldn 't lift my neck or even talk because my teeth hurt. I felt immediate pain in my pelvic area where I placed it. I also had immediate muscle spasms in my legs and right arm (side where patch was) and I don 't want to keep up this terrible pain that I felt in just a few hours. Its probably just all the extra estrogen and I probably should have waited it out but I don 't want to take any chances.
I 've had it for almost a month. Currently on my first period with it and it 's awful. Insertion pain was 10/10 I cramped for almost a week after and bled/spotted the entire time. My period is light but I have really bad sharp pains and I 'm bloated and feel nauseous all the time. Right now I 'm on my period. Everyone is different and maybe it takes a few cycles to get used to, but if I hurt like this all the time with this in my body, then I don 't feel like it 's worth having. I 'm happy for all of you who have had success with this IUD, but I 'm not sure it 's for me.
For the first couple of months I really liked Loestrin, but between the mid cycle bleeding, being overly emotional and the bloating I am done.  I have been on this pill 9 months, following the birth of my son.  Over the last 2 months the bloating has gotten so bad that I had to buy larger pants!  I almost look pregnant again.  Yes I had lighter periods, and my skin is clearer but the rest is just not worth it.
I have had this type of birth control for about a year. I don 't have periods which is awesome but I have also gained an intense amount of weight since the implant. I have gained a total of 55 pounds on this birth control. I have always been a bigger girl, but before the implanting my weight was consistent. Now I have sky rocketed and despite my best efforts I have not been able to get back down to what I was. I 'm considering the removal of it soon.
Hi I have been taking these pills for 5 weeks now  for weight loss I do struggle . Specialist trying to see if it 's my metabolism... I 'mOn 25mg he has not mentioned anything about higher dose but I have not been able to sleep !!! It 's driving me crazy now . Was wondering if any of you had the same experience? I do feel so tired and lethargic but it 's so late before I get any sleep then I 'm waking up mid afternoon missing my days I 've tried getting up early going out walking etc like today still no luck . I suffer with mentalhealth  problems and was dubious about taking them at first but read a lot on your feedback that it 's helped some people.I just hope this depression is through my sleep pattern and not the med .
I was prescribed this for a UTI and while it did help with that, it ended up giving me the worst yeast infection of my life that I am still treating 2 months later. I usually don 't have too much of an issue with antibiotics but this was awful.
No doctor had been able to diagnose my condition. As a result, I was prescribed 10mg of Valium 3x daily as a crutch indefinitely. At first, I was dim-witted and happy and got SOME relief, but after about a year, I started to become increasingly apathetic, dim-witted, started to have problems with light sensitivity and focus, become uninterested in socializing, and have a personality shift from the funny, charming guy, to a depressed robot with anger spasms, who takes risks just to feel some sense of being alive. After 2.5 years, the physical relief has all but stopped, and an any case I cannot have a life taking this. I am in the process of tapering off of it.
I have been taking this medication for a month.  No breakthrough bleeding and my menstrual cycle has been a great, but the negative side effects have been miserable.  I experienced severe mood swings, depression (and I am usually a happy person),  bloating, weight gain, increased appetite, breast tenderness, discomfort and pain in my abdomen and extreme fatigue.  I have been miserable since starting this medication and will discontinue it and try something else.
Went from 75mg to 150 mg but because of side effects of being nearly stoned during the day the doctor put me a 100 mg, but had side effects as short memory problems, achiness in the middle of night and no pain relief. I am going to try another medication. Hope this helps.
I have experienced severe heartburn since increased dosage from 40to 80 mg.
I have had nexplanon inserted in my left arm for the last year and two months. The only upside was that since then I did not get pregnant and did not have my period, other than that I disliked it and do not recommend it. It made me gain 15 pounds of weight my eating and exercise have stayed the same, I believe it 's the hormones that made me very depressed, many times I felt like I no longer wanted to exists. I couldn 't care if I lived or not. The littlest of things would make me cry even in public and I 'm not the type to cry in front of anyone. My anxiety levels were also elevated and I didn 't know what ever cause for this to happen. Im getting it removed today I want my sanity back.
I 've been on it for almost two weeks... started the day after I found out I had Shingles, so probably three or four days into developing Shingles. It does not seem to be helping with the pain I have in the immediate area of my Shingles (entire left torso), but it has seemed to lessen the neuralgia I was experiencing higher up in my body due to the Shingles infection, namely the trigeminal neuralgia. I 'll probably be on it for a while and my hope is that it prevents or at least lessens any chronic or ongoing pain post-infection. I was told it would.
I am taking 60 mg of Cymbalta for anxiety and depression.  Previously I had been on Lexapro (which gave me nightmares) and Paxil, which worked for a time but sent me into a relapse when I was weaned off of it.  I have noticed a few side effects - the most predominant one is that it makes me very tired.  I don 't have much of an appetite, but when I do, I crave sweets and have put on a few pounds as a result.  Very little sex drive, though it was low to begin with.  Although the medication has helped to keep my anxiety at a manageable level, my general mood has been very blank - I feel very little in the way of happiness or sadness.  My doctor has suggested either switching to a higher dose (120 mg) of Cymbalta, or changing to Zoloft or Paxil.
I decided to switch from Tri-Sprintec to Seasonique right before I got married because having 4 periods a year sounded great to both me and my new husband! As far as fewer periods, it was great. I never had any problems with spotting or heavy periods at all. As far as preventing pregnancy, still no baby here so I guess that part worked pretty well too.  On the NEGATIVE side....I have gained close to 20 pounds in the last 4 months since I started taking Seasonique and have not been able to drop the weight with diet and exercise. I actually continued to GAIN weight while trying hard to lose it. Also, my libido dropped like crazy, I was not interested in sex at all, but I wanted to be. And I experienced EXTREME vaginal dryness, which was no fun.
Applied Jublia religiously for 12 months. I would say there was a slight improvement, but not worth the duration and cost of treatment.
I began taking Sertraline in place of Cymbalta. I had increased Sertraline dose while I decrease the Cymbalta dose. I was very pleasantly surprised that I did not have any withdrawal symptoms from the Cymbalta while I had the sertraline in my system at the same time. When I finally tapered off Cymbalta completely and was only on Sertraline daily (75mg), within 2 days I knew it was not the medication for me because I suddenly became hostile, depressed, had a ton of mood swings, and began having bad panic attacks. Going back to he doc ASAP to fix this.
Many times when I take this capsule in the morning, and have a bowel  movement after that on the same morning, I see the pill come out in the feces whole, same color, undisturbed looking, and wondering if it has done any good at all.  I have asked pharmacist and they say it is possible that it has worked some.  That 's hard to believe.  Even my doctor says that.  That is still hard to believe.  Capsules usually are absorbed, aren 't they? I have been told that I have Mild Cognitive  Impairment.
So far this B.C. is effective I haven 't gotten pregnant again and my daughter 's almost 1yrs old. The thing I hate the most are the unpredictable cycles. My first cycle with this B.C. lasted 3-5days. I 'm pushing 3 weeks duration with cycle that I 'm currently on. To make matters worse it came at the most inconvenient time...2 days before a surprise Birthday cruise.
I 've struggled with anxiety and depression for a long time. By the time I started on sertraline, I felt I was already pretty good at dealing with the depression side of things without medication. This drug made me getting up in the mornings easier. I felt less &quot;groggy&quot; than usual when I was on it. Other people noticed that I seemed a bit more positive. The downsides are, that I 'd wake up in a bad mood: feeling like I hadn 't slept enough or that I 'd dreamed too much, and It didn 't really make any noticeable difference to my anxiety.
I have been taking Oxybutynin for approximately two months now due to urinary incontinence and bladder pain.  It does help somewhat for the bladder spasms, but not all of the time.  I have also noticed that the skin on my face and mouth is extremely dry.  The last and worst side effect that I just noticed a couple of days ago is dry eyes and blurred vision. 
Well, let me say that I read through everyone 's posts prior to posting. I used ALLI and found it to be exactly as stated. I no longer use this product. Losing weight is about getting off your big butt and making the appropriate choices! MOVE and EAT HEALTHY! I run daily and I make wise food choices for the most part, and when I don 't I KNOW that I WILL BE THE ONE to SUFFER! I am the one who pays the price for the choices that I make! Time for people to start taking responsibility for themselves and stop trying to make someone else the scapegoat.  If you want to lose the weight, cut back on calories and move your body - that is the key!!!!  Come on people, it isn 't rocket science! I did it and lost 112 pounds. Not easy but you can do it!
I was prescribed this medicine for an infection of my breast. After 3 days still no change, it was not strong enough and I am now on a stronger medicine. The good news is that while I took the prescription I had no side effects. I drank lots of water and took it with a small meal. I wish it had killed my infection because I think the next prescription I have to take is going to take a toll on my tummy.
I 'm on day 3 of the 7 day treatment. I 'm a college student so I went to the store and purchased this product after my yeast infection had been irritating me to the point I wanted to scratch in public. I wanted immediate relief so I didn 't wait until the night time to insert. I immediately started to itch something freaking horrible, I was sawing at my vagina through my pants. But I thought this was the infection. I did the next two treatments at night and I 've come to realize that it 's the freaking product making me itch so bad. I can 't sleep for trying to tighten my kegel muscles to get some relief. I also tried to push it out - I 'm so irritated. I will not do the next 4 treatments.
This is absolutely the WORST decision I 've ever made. I 've had Skyla for 3 weeks now and I 've had an impeccable amount of side effects. My mood swings are ridiculous and I 've cried almost every night for the past 2 weeks, and I hardly ever cry. I 've also had immense pain in my hips and back since I got it, and they do not go away even after taking norco (I had reconstructive ankle surgery 2 days post insertion) and that doesn 't even touch the pain. I 'm emotionally and physically drained. My parents are annoyed with my constant pain. My boyfriend feels completely terrible for me. Not to mention insertion hurt like no other. I couldn 't even sit down afterwards. I go to my OB Monday to get it removed. I 'm beyond done.
This medication took the pain away but kept me very awake. When I came off of the medicine, I had horrible headaches! 
Took 10 mg Cialis.  It worked well, but I experienced horrific back pains while jogging. I had to stop every 10 minutes and rest until the pain went away. Finally I had to stop my daily exercise for three days.  Trust me exercise is as important to me as sex. I didn 't have this problem with Viagra.
I 've been on Pristiq for almost 3 years and yes it works, but the withdrawals I 'm experiencing are not worth it. The withdrawal symptoms have lasted two weeks and only get worse by the day. 
Most painful thing ever! Did not think it would hurt as bad as the doctor told mr! However, I do have low pain tolerance, I feel the worst I 've ever felt! I think bc I never had a kid. Not something, you take on your lunch break!
So far, I 've gained agitation, lower back pain, insomnia, and taste change. I wouldn 't recommend this treatment.
I am twenty-two years old and I started taking the pill on the last day of my period (May 12th). I bleed six to nine days later (May 18th - May 21st, can 't remember exactly). I also bleed nine days after that (May 30th), twenty three days after that (June 22nd), and today is twelve days since then (July 4th). Every time it was heavy bleeding and has seemed like a period. There has been severe cramping as usual and I feel awful and it 's worse because it 's happening so much more than before! Each time I have bleed has lasted two to seven days. This pill is frustrating because I cannot tell what is my period and what is the in-between bleeding!! It seems to have worsened my depression, too..
Awful.  I was on the real Ortho Evra for years.  I lost my insurance and had to switch to the pill.  Finally I got insurance and it covered the patch.  I had one glorious month of Ortho Evra back and then came Xulane.  While I was paying for Ortho Evra out of pocket, I always wished there was a generic.  I was excited to try it... but then I did. I 've gained 20lbs over the past year after staying within a 5lb range for 10 years.  I eat healthy and exercise consistently. I 've had absurd levels of anxiety, had a decreased sex drive, and constantly feeling dry.  Most importantly, the patches don 't stay on.  At least 1 out of the 3 per month will fall off at least once.  What is the point?
I 'm not sure I can do this medication.  I feel dizzy and extremely of it. I 'm on my 3 day, hoping the side effects go away. But my appetite is definitely curbed.
I had taken the medication at 10 last night about 8 this morning had severe cramps and nausea and sweaty. And again at 10 had a liquid bowel movement and now at 11 sitting on the toilet I wanted something for relief and this isn 't a nice relief more like a killer one to say the least. Would I recommend it ummm sure if you like excruciating cramps and constant nausea and very loose stool.
For all you strugglers out there, there 's an amazing drug called Seroquel.  It will put you to sleep in an instant each and every night, I promise you.  Just be careful what you wish for.  The side effects are killer.  I 'm going onto Belsomra in a few days.  I long for all the side effects you complain about.  I think I would lie awake for a month if it meant I could get off Seroquel.  But I sleep like the proverbial baby.  I thought I was the only person in the world who suffered this much 
This pill did tremendously help with my cramps and lighten my period. But I  have thought I  was losing my mind since I  started it. Very depressed all the time,  extreme highs and way more extreme lows, my skin has never broken out like it has since starting this pill, I 've gained almost 40 pounds no matter how I cut back and exercise more I can 't get rid of it (something I 've never had a problem with), my hair is literally falling out,  I 'm so achy and sore all day everyday, and I don 't even know what sleep is anymore. Funny enough I didn 't connect any of these symptoms to this pill even though it all didn 't start until after I started this pill, it was just another sleepless night on the net.  I 'll just deal with the cramps, not worth it
I rated it a 3 overall for ME. It 'a a 10 and  worked great for falling asleep, but I had the sleep walk issues too.  I read many comments about the sleep walking, cooking etc.  I also did this along with other crazy things.  I 'm fortunate I didn 't hurt myself or someone else.  I live alone and my point is DO NOT take this without someone else in your home.
I have been using Mirena for about a 1 yr now and I 've been waiting for the awful symptoms to go away but they have not. Acne, tired, bloated, nausea, cramping, headaches. I 've also gained a lot of weight I thought the symptoms would go away but they haven 't so I 'm seriously thinking of having it removed. Everyone 's body is different and I am sad it didn 't work for me. I 'm thinking about just getting a tubal. I already have two little boys and I 'm pretty sure I 'm done having kids.
HORRIBLE! Do not use. I bleed about 10-20 days each month and sometimes this happens back to back. I have had Nexplanon for 18 mos and its not worth it. Acne, random hairs growing on my chin, and the bleeding is beyond irritating. I would rather get pregnant than deal with this nonsense. Never again, I have tried several forms of BC over the years and this is by FAR the most annoying. Save yourself some time, it 's NOT worth it.
My son just started this 2.5 weeks ago. He is 9 with ADHD and odd. The medication works fine for symptoms. Yet I 'm concerned because he has developed a tic where he constantly taps his legs and sometimes hits them with his fists pretty hard and twitches his eyes. We are going back to the doctor for management. 
Im 23 years old and have been taking Aubra for 6 days. I have had terrible headaches and have broke out in hives all over my face and arms. I immediatly stopped taking this birth control and would not recommend it.
I was given Pro-air Respiclick by my pharmacy instead of HFA shortly after it came out because they had a coupon that gave me a better price. During a bad bout of seasonal allergies I found that the Respiclick gave me little-to-no relief, even when used every 4 to 6 hours. I have used Pro-air HFA for years for similar symptoms. I 'll definitely be switching back.(BTW, a family member with COPD also tried Respiclick and found it less effective than the HFA).
I got the implant about a year And 3 Months ago! A couple of days after I got it I would cry on the daily for no reason! It stopped about a month after! My period stopped completely a couple of month after I got it too! I noticed that ever since I got it I started to get pretty bad acne which I had never really bad in my face chest and back! I had occasional pimples and black heads. But after I got this I had constant breakouts and even worse cystic acne under the skin which is extremely painful! I will say I loved not having my period! And it did the job even though I only had sex once while on it! I 'm getting it removed tomorrow and i hope it atleast helps me start to get rid of this acne
Well on the good side I 'm not pregnant so yeah its efficient, but it irritates me sometimes and I get my period for about a month and then it goes away for like two weeks and lasts forever... I 'm getting off of it. Also, I 've gained like 10 pounds.
I 've had extremely bad heartburn for several years. While I don 't experience reflux the chest pain and throat/sinus pain are all consuming. I can no longer tolerate this pain. I 've been on a diet of mostly rice, applesauce, oatmeal, lean protein and an occasional veggie. Everything including water gives me heartburn all day/everyday.  It appears I have Nutcracker Esopgagus or esophageal spasms. Two weeks ago I received an esophageal Botox injection which is meant to relax the esophagus, thus reduce spasms. I 've experienced no relief. I had this same procedure six months ago and enjoyed nearly 3 months heartburn free!  I believe it 's failed this time. I tried Prevacid 15mg OTC and experienced 25% improvement. Suggestions?
Started with 2mg in addition to mirtazipine, didn 't notice much difference.  Now up to 5mg, for about a week, and still don 't really notice any difference in my mood.  Everything is blah.  Life is blah.  This drug has really not done anything good or bad for me.
The product may work beautify, but I will never know as the smell is one of my allergies and I can not overcome my instinctive avoidance long enough to get the desired relief
At first the pill was great, helped with the bleeding and regulate my period.  Then I slowly began getting depressed and I had to stop taking this pill. I 've never felt this way in my life, I just want to lay in bed all day. I miss school and work; not healthy, totally not like me.
My Medicare Advantage Company suggested I use this after they removed Spriva from their approved list on medications.  I used it for a week and my emphysema worsened considerably.  It worsened to the point that I couldn 't walk 10 yards without stopping to get my breath.  I called my pulmonary doctor to see if I could get an exception made to go back on Spirva.
This medicine caused severe lower pain in the back.  Felt like kidney stones.
Honestly, would not recommend. It sounded like a pretty good deal; not having to take pills, potentially losing a period but it caused more trouble than good. I went from having clear skin (rarely a zit) to the worst acne of my entire life all over my face and back, weight gain (while running 3-4 miles 5 times a week), and non stop spotting and two week long periods. Just started back on the pill today, and hoping all the side effects go. Good luck!
My son has high functioning autism, obsessive compulsive disorder, aggression disorder, and sensory issues.  He was diagnosed at age 3.  He started Risperidone soon after his diagnosis. It worked wonders for 6 months or so.  His behaviors and meltdowns were better but it did not help with the OCD.  After 3 months we had to increase the dose and his symptoms started to get worse gradually.  Then at 6 months he started to tell us he had ants crawling on him and his heart was beeping.  He went through heart tests and they were fine.  The doctor said that the medicine was causing him to see things and maybe have anxiety to have rapid heart rate.  He was taken off and put on Prozac which didn 't help and now he 's on Zoloft and Abilify which aren 't doing anything.
I had cataract surgery 7 days ago. Diamox is very effective to reduce the pressure in the eye but the problem is side effects. I had no appetite, constipation and hearing loss. I am hoping it will go away in few days. Anybody out there had similar experience, please share with us. Thanks.
I was on birth control pills (Ortho Tricyclen Lo) for about 7 years. My DR told me I have high blood pressure. She thought it would be a good idea to get off the birth control pills to see if that was the main cause of the high blood pressure &amp; recommended that I go on Depo instead.  She told me I could get the shot right there and then, and then I would have to come back in 3 months and get another shot. I have only been on Depo for 2 months. The first month I never got my period. The second month I 've had my period for 3 weeks. I can 't have sex because I 'm bleeding, I 'm crabbier/moodier then usual. I can fall asleep just fine but I wake up at 5am every morning and can 't fall back to sleep. Never had this happen before.
Had hard time pretty much since second day. Some people stated you should eat first. Unfortunately,  that makes me want to vomit after taking it. No diarrhea (I took probiotics and ate activia), but weird stools (very dark and frequent). I think my bowels are empty at this point. Appetite gone. Lost almost 10 pds. Difficulty sleeping due to nausea and gas pains. Threw up twice. Little energy. Headaches. Feeling stressed and somewhat depressed at times. Crying bouts in middle of night. What I described wasn 't constant. It came and went throughout the day, but nights were hardest for some reason. Tomorrow is final day. Can you survive it? Yes. Is it hard? For sure. If h.pylori is gone, then it 's worth it. Be strong.
Benicar HCT was effective in bringing my readings down to normotensive but it came with side effects:GERD, abdominal discomfort and generalized malaise. My doc switched me to Loasartan  (another ARB) without thr duuretic and so far it ' working great at maintaining my BP in the normotensive range. The added bonus: Losartan doesn ' t carry the high risk for villous atrophy that Benicar does, nor does it have the high cost ...a win/win in my book!
I have been taking Savella for about 4 weeks, 2 weeks at 50mg morning and night and have been having lots of side effects, almost flu like symptoms. Weakness, shakes, lightheadedness, cold, then hot. I have been reading lots of reviews, because I didn 't think it could be this medicine, but I guess it can be. I work graveyards and I think I might try 50 mg in the morning and 25 mg at night and go from there. I was on Lyrica for 9 yrs and it was so expensive and the Savella is half the copay Lyrica was. I 'm not ready to give up on it yet, but I am so hot all the time, but the weight gain from Lyrica was the reason I decided to try Savella since my insurance will cover now. I 'm hoping for the best. Good Luck.
There was no pain at the injection site.  Both my boyfriend and I received the shot and had close to the same experience, except I have been having extreme vomiting, after 2 weeks of getting the shot.  We both experienced a severe headache starting within 30 minutes of receiving the shot that lasted about a day and a half, followed by severe diarrhea that is still going on, three weeks from the time of injection with nausea.  He is having lots of muscle aches still, while I 'm having severe pain up one of my legs near the hip.  Neither of us had problems or sickness before the shot that would indicate it was something other than the shot.
Been on six a day lot of help. don&rsquo;t feel much better after 2 years on them they don&rsquo;t do enough for you there is drug called the liquid gold I have spoke to people they are normal again no aches pains stiffness etc. But only the queen and Simon Cowell and rich will get them I been told it&rsquo;s costs &pound;36000 per year for years course of tablets !
I took 3mgs of Zyprexa, contained in Symbyax, nightly for about 6 years. The medicine worked well for the first 2 to 3 years. Around year four I started having severe side effects and did not realize it was from the Zyprexa as it had been working so well.  I suffered with increasing seizures for about three more years. Bad ones. I wound up in the hospital emergency room and it was the ER doctor that informed me that the Zyprexa was causing the problem. My regular doctor denied Zyprexa as a contributing factor to my seizures. I quit the Zyprexa cold turkey. To say the least it was an absolutely horrible experience. Wean off this drug over a long period of time and even then get ready for horrendous withdrawal symptoms after your last dose.
I was on Microgestin for 5 months. Although it solved my original problem of severe cramping (what I thought was ovarian cysts), Microgestin had many side effects for me. I experienced nausea right before periods, depression, anxiety, and extreme mood swings. I was sleeping a lot during the day which caused me to not sleep at night. I am switching to Trinessa and hope it fixes these problems.
I have been on Apri since December 2008 when my daughter was 6 weeks old.  At 1st I loved this pill.  My periods came on time, weren 't painful at all, really light and lasted 2-3 days.  In the last year or so, my period has become very heavy, lasting 4-5 days with cramping for at least 4 days. I am miserable! After I had my daughter I had lost 50 lbs, but I have gained that and probably plus some back. I have NO sex drive what so ever, which is affecting my relationship with my almost husband (in 5 weeks!) I go to my Doctor next week to see about switching to a non hormonal IUD.  I have seen successful stories with Apri, but I don 't think this pill is for everyone.
I went on 20mg of Celexa following a nervous breakdown my senior year of high school. Into my first semester at college, I realized that while I was on this medicine, I just didn 't care about anything. I was lethargic and tired all of the time and I could never participate in my classes. I went on for a while being almost completely unaware of my surroundings until I started experimenting a little with it. I would go off of it for a few days and when I begun feeling down again, I would resume. Obviously, this had horrible consequences and I found myself in the acute care department the night before my calculus midterm. Following the incident, I went to my doctor and insisted that I be phased off Celexa and since then, have been fine.
This pill hasn 't worked out for me.  I started gaining weight almost immediately and suffered through some pretty wild mood swings.  Now that I 've switched back to Marvelon, my head feels much clearer and the weight is quickly coming off.
I am on my third injection of Bydureon. The needle is huge and the med burns going in, and bleeds after. No problems with injection site till this week I noticed a small pea-sized bump at the first injection site on my stomach. The first two weeks my morning sugars went up significantly to 190-200. Other side effects are diarrhea (which has resolved this week), bloating and a very uncomfortable full feeling, and some random stomach pain. This week numbers starting to come down to 145-155, but still higher than when on my previous med, Victoza, which made me very nauseous. Not losing weight. In fact, am up 2 lbs. Hope this turns around in the next couple of weeks.
I 've been on every antiemetic (Nausea/Vomiting w/ Chronic Intractable Migraines and Hiatal Hernia) and they typically work for a while until I grow tolerant of the medication.  The real problem I have with the marinol is that it is only available in pill form - just by swallowing it I begin vomiting all over again.  I 've also found that in the rare instance when I can keep it down, like if I take it during the prodrome phase, the timing for when it kicks in is inconsistent now; sometimes it won 't do anything and then suddenly 12 hours later it will hit me, while other times it will start working in two.
I am really glad that this product is working well for some women, I wish I were one of them. I had Mirena placed at my 7 week check up after my second son and everything seemed fine at first, I spotted the first 6 mos like the nurse said I would, she said my periods may even go away. They are worse than ever, no cramping but heavy bleeding for more than a week, every month! I have no sex drive and my weight has plateaued! I 've been up and down 5lbs since I got it in. My PMS has been horrific, mood swings, depression. The worst part is I never even considered that it was the Mirena until I started reading reviews. Thank you to those who have posted good and bad! My yearly appointment is next week and I can 't wait to get this out!
My husband got this for me since I haven 't been pooping that well lately. He told me it was better than any others, because you don 't get stomach cramps. WRONG. I took 2 a couple of hours ago, and now, my stomach is in the worst pain ever. Thankfully, I have had a BM, but I don 't think I will ever take Dulcolax again because of the severe pain.
My experience with this drug is a bitter sweet one. However, the bitter side to it overpowers the sweet by LONG SHOT. Since I was a kid, I 've had behavioral issues and it wasn 't until I was in my mid teens that they began to truly effect my way of life and my relationships with those around me. I had been taking Bupropion in combination with Sertraline and had no serious problem or complaints. However, when I started to wean off of the Sertral and began taking the Strattera, I began to get irritated and just downright pissed off for no apparent reason. The slightest things set me off, and it 's only gotten worse with increased dosage. I 'm gonna stop taking it all together. Screw a bunch of this unprovoked anger stuff. It helps no one.
I loved the shot as far as having no periods at all! But that was the only good thing about it. My hair fell out like crazy, lots of hair loss while brushing my hair, shampooing and just touching it. And it didnt stop. I have only had one shot which lasted for the 3 months and since day one of the shot my hair has fallen out. It used to be so thick, now my hair is thin. Not only hair loss, I had terrible terrible mood swings. Mad for no reason all the time. I have spoken to other people that took this and they said the hair loss never gets better, only worse. I did not gain weight, I was hoping to as I weigh 112, but I did not gain in 3 months time.  I am not going back for my second shot, the hair loss and mood swings is not worth it.
It allowed me to at least sleep better &amp; I don 't bruise as easy anymore...but it didn 't relieve my swollen ankles, increase my energy, or start my hair to regrow.
I had the Implanon put in 6 months after having my son in 09. It didn 't hurt when they put it in just a little sore. After that I let my body get adjusted to it but on down the line my periods were light and only last 3-7 days and I go a whole month without having a period. The only bad part about the birth control is that I have very bad mood swings, and my acne comes and goes and I have gained weight and I go to the gym every night but no changes// uggggh.
I have been on Lexapro 5mg (yes that 's it) for over 3 months now and I 'm ready to throw in the towel. First, let me say my anxiety has been greatly reduced. But at what cost? I am a zombie-I have no motivation to do anything and I 'm always in a foggy state. My performance at work has greatly suffered, along with my cognitive ability. Social anxiety has gotten worse only because I 'm a recluse - just too tired and unmotivated to interact with people! Frequent and strong anhedonia. I wouldn 't advise you not to try lexapro- it is well regarded and often effective. But be cautious as doctors don 't get that there are side effects to this besides sexual ones. I felt the same after one week as I do now but I was continually told it would go away
I have been on Savella 12.5mg for three weeks. The horrible aching in my legs that kept me up at night is gone however the pain in neck and shoulders still there. I also have degenerative osteoarthritis (herniated discs) in my lower back. The one thing I noticed with this medication is that I sleep better at night. So far, only dry mouth is a side effect and this is great since I am very sensitive to many medications.
My doctor prescribed Camrese to lessen my increasing heavy periods (presumably due to perimenopause). I 'm at the end of the sixth month taking this drug and have nothing positive to say about it. I 've gained 10 pounds in 5 months and am depressed that it 's summer and I can 't fit in my size 4 clothes anymore. What 's worse is that I 've had consistent break through bleeding for the last 2 weeks and expecting the &quot;forced&quot; period next week. (I 'm wondering if I should just DEAL with the uber heavy periods - at least they were predictable and only lasted 5-7 days). There was also 5 weeks of spotting during the first 3 months on this pill. Needless to say I 'm consulting my ObGyn next week to try something different. This pill 's not for me.
About 3 weeks now, I feel a little better, but I almost feel like I 'm on speed. It increased my anxiety and heart beat so much, I could not be comfortable. And I couldn 't sleep that well. Not working for me!
My insertion  date August 2015  I 've been bleeding for two months heavy nonstop, I 've noticed a decrease in my breast milk production  since insertion but no weight gain or loss... Going to hold out another month hoping for change but I 'm constantly think about getting it removed... I 'm not good with taking pills so I 'm hoping for the best
Suprep was horrible! Nasty and expensive! 80 dollars. It made me so sick toward the end of the prep. Chills and freezing and shaking. This time my prep was decent using magnesium citrate, ducolax and miralax. Great price for the three items no cramps! Hoping all goes well. Dr has to remove a flat polyp!
I have had the Implanon since May of 2009, and my experiences are similar to the bad ones. From the time I got it, I had light periods for almost 6 weeks. Then the bleeding stopped for about 2 months. Now it is September and I started again and it will leave and come back. I have also noticed that when lifting heavy objects I will have unexpected bleeding. I haven 't taken it out because I am in school and this problem is a lot better than having an unexpected pregnancy. However, those who don 't have the patience for this type of thing beware. I do have mood swings, my skin was beautiful before, now I break out.  No headaches and weight gain yet. However, this process is scary because your periods are unpredictable.
I 've recently been on the pill for 10 months. Great pill, no mood swings, no weight gain. Except Sex is a no go, not in the mood. Vaginal dryness ... recommend KY. 
I started out on Yasmin but had to switch to Ocella since I have no prescription coverage.  Between the two I was on them for over 2 years.  In that time, I gained 20 pounds.  After I switched to Ocella,  While I was taking it, my moods were level but the first day without the pill I felt completely out of control of my emotions and on an emotional roller-coaster to the point of having to leave work a few times, which is not me at all!  Once I got my period, it was better but I didn 't look forward to the next month.  After a crazy month of break-through bleeding, emotional ups and downs, and feeling like I was going crazy, I asked my doctor to switch me to something else.  My sister had the same symptoms within a month or two and so did friends.
I was put on blood thinners due to a PE and had heavy periods that were leading to anemia. I needed something non-hormonal to stop the blood. Mirena was reco 'd as it contains the hormone in your uterus rather than bloodstream. The first month, my period lasted a while, but was overall lighter. 2nd month, I had a super light period. 3rd month...unexpected heavy bleeding, but I wasn 't clotting, so I didn 't think anything of it. 4th day in...clots between golf ball and baseball size. Doc couldn 't find strings. I had to get a depo provera shot because it was assumed it came out in a clot. Ultrasound today revealed it is still in there, but strings are not visible. I will probably have it taken out because as others have mentioned, the sciatica.
The box said &quot;mild&quot; burning might be a side effect. &quot;Mild&quot; seems to imply that using this cream might be tolerable. What I got was actually felt like  a thousand angry suns burning inside my vagina. Would not recommend.
I lasted only 1 month on this pill. As soon as I started taking this, I was am emotional, angry, anxious mess. Everything either made me angry or it made me cry. I was also exhausted all the time. I normally work out 2-3 times a week, but I noticed I was so tired everyday, I only worked out maybe once a week. As for weight gain, I think I might have gained some water weight, but nothing too noticeable. It didn 't affect my appetite too much either.I was on Junel Fe before which was great until the very end, where I started getting abnormal periods. I 'm on my placebo/period week now and cramping and heavy flow. Two things I didn 't have much of with Junel. I 'm switching to Apri next week, and praying it works better for me!
I used to take Nifedipine 10 mg plus Metoprolol Tartrate 25mg (twice daily) to reduce my blood pressure. Nifedipine 's effect caused fluctuation of blood pressure each day. A doctor recommend me to replace by taking 5 mg Amlodipine Besylate and 80 mg of Diovan (Valsartan) once each day. I took Metoprolol for couple of years already. The recent changes reveals two things, by stop taking Metoprolol, my heart beat is faster (new 68 and previously about 60) and I felt irregular heart beat. Now I doubt if I should discontinue Metoprolol as this medicine put my heart at ease. 
Lyrica started to ease my pain the very first night I started it. I saw about a 20% easing of Fibro pain for the duration of the first night and day 2. I woke up on day 3 - No relief. Lyrica just completely stopped working by day 3 &amp; I was back to agony. I continued on my dose of 75mg each night for over 3 weeks, I then upped the dose to one 75mg in the morning &amp; two 75mg at night. I 've been on this higher dose now for a few weeks and still absolutely no relief. I must say that I 've experienced little side effects - Some memory loss &amp; tiredness. No weight gain at all. If Lyrica had have kept working I would have been really happy but unfortunately it just stopped working for me! I 'd recommend at least trying it for anyone that 's considering
Stomach ache 10 to 15 minutes after taking the vitamin. Nausea follows. Subsides after about an hour. Will stop taking it.
Causes edema. I lost 30lbs in less than 3 months after going off Actos.
I have been constantly bleeding for over four straight months. Not even spotting, full blown on my period. On the upside I have lost about 7 pounds since being on it, and my moods have completely regulated. However I just don 't think I can take this bleeding much longer and may have to have it removed from my arm.
I just turned 29 years old and I 've been on Loestrin 24 Fe for almost 8 months now and I am ready to go back to Triphasil, which I had been on for years previously. I believe it 's fairly effective at preventing pregnancy, but considering I have next to no sex drive (as my husband can attest) it may be hard to tell. Also, I had maintained the same weight for years, and after being on Loestrin for 5 or 6 months I somehow gained over 10lbs with no change in my eating habits. The only positive effects were it did shorten and lighten my periods significantly.
Very moderate pain relief.
I have been taking Apri for about 2 years now. At first, it was great. My periods were managable, extremely predictable, and only lasted a few days. I gained about 10 pounds in the first 5 months, and shortly after completely lost my sex drive. Recently my periods have been getting longer, as they used to be, and cramps are coming back as well.
This was my very first birth control that I ever had. I got it when I was 15 years old. At first I loved it because I went from having very irregular periods to having them right on time every month. However, by year two I was having panic attacks, mind-boggling depression, horrible break-outs, and titanic cramps. I switched to Yaz and all went well for a year. I am currently on Seasonique, which except for the slightly less sex drive, is AMAZING.
My daughter is taking Vyvance and she is seeing people following her, she thinks her phone is being tapped and she believes there are people monitoring her entire behavior. This is a really freaky side effect! She has a predisposition for Mental disease.
I was recently prescribed Bactrim DS for my chronic sinusitis  by my ENT. I informed her that I had been prescribed Bactrim in the past, although I did not inform her that it was lesser strength of the two  and after eight and a half days of taking two a day I finally had to stop due to the side effects that were occurring. I took the first dosage and felt fatigued and slightly itchy. I reminded myself tho that when I am overtired and restless that I tend to feel itchy so I took a shower and and slept for a while and I was fine. The following few days I had no problems besides light bloating and fatigue. I kept taking my medication as prescribed and after the fifth day I was having radiating pain around the left and right side of my sternum
I have been taking Jolessa for a month and a half, and I have spotted the entire time. I would rather have my period once a month rather than dealing with light bleeding every day.
I have had the Mirena IUD in for 2 years now. I had it placed after my daughter was born. I like the idea of not having to remember to take a pill everyday, the process of having it inserted was a little painful but I think it wasn 't as bad as some others experience because I had just had a baby 10 weeks prior. Since I have had the Mirena in I have not had a period sometimes I get some light spotting around the time I would normally have my period, the other side effects are what is killing me, I have had the worst acne ever since I got the Mirena, and I have never had acne in my life, it has not stopped for 2 years. Also my sex drive has hit rock bottom, I never have the urge to have sex, I am getting the Mirena out.
Was given this drug for tennis elbow. Although it helped the pain in a small way. It didn 't outweigh the hours of burning pain in my stomach, the copious amounts of gas I passed and sleep I lost because I couldn 't lie down due to the heartburn it caused.  Turmeric works just as effectively with out these side effects.
Caused quite severe gastro intestinal issues for me
I took this to help with period cramps and it did not help. It also made me extremely moody. 
January 2015 I was on Remeron 15mg by April 2015 I was at 45mg Remeron.  I felt normal and happy but I gained 26lbs.  Sept 2015 I was switched to Effexor 150mg  because of issues caused by the weight. By October I was on 300mg Effexor.  Today is day two of 150mg Wellbutrin.  I am suffering headaches from going from Effexor to Wellbutrin.  Tomorrow I increase to 300mg Wellbutrin. I can say that day two on Wellbutrin and I am not feeling as numb (unemotional) as I was two days ago. That 's a positive.  This is definitely a rollercoaster ride in trying to find the right meds to help with my major depressive disorder, anxiety/panic attacks and insomnia.  My only regret is that I didn 't get help sooner.  Instead I suffered alone for years.
Nearing my 3 year mark .  And I can NOT wait to have this thing taken out. The insertion process wasn 't bad at all, the bruise was pretty nasty but that 's it. Since getting the birth control implant I 've gained about 20 pounds, I have crazy cravings, and the mood swings are the absolute WORST. My periods are irregular I get a period every 2-3 months and it 's always on the regular to lighter side but it always lasts 7 days or more like a constant spotting almost. The only thing that 's good about this birth control and it 's the main reason I 've kept it is because it 's effective.
I take this when my insomnia gets very bad, because it helps me not wake up every few hours. However, I 've found that it makes my fibromyalgia pain much worse the next morning, so I only use it as a last resort.
So glad I had the opportunity to read how others feel about Depakote.  I have used Depakote for 8 years now for the manic side of bipolar disorder.  I have not had one manic episode since on the medication.  Great right?  I also feel as though the past 8 years of my life have slipped by and are a bit of a blur.  I was an artist, graphic designer, and had a sense of humor.  Now I feel like a numb hermit who continues to stay on this medication because she doesnt want another manic episode.
I have been on this pill for a month and I have had my period 3 times, get headaches, cramps and worst of all its dried up breast milk which is why I went on the mini pill to avoid it. I get less than half an ounce when I used to get 4 oz. And I 've gained about 8-10 lbs in a month, overall not good for breastfeeding moms.
I 've been on Boniva for 5 years, and my bone density has not improved at all.  I don 't know if it would have been worse without it, but my scores have not improved.  And now I 'm beginning to read that you shouldn 't be on Boniva for more than 5 years.
While Vyvanse worked relatively well for my ADHD symptoms, it did not last nearly as long as advertised. It only lasted about seven hours at best.
Velivet is great for birth control. I 've been on this for almost over two years and have had no problems. Only major problem is that I get angry or upset for no reason the week before my period. 
I have high blood pressure and tachycardia (resting heart rate is 95bpm). I also take a beta-blocker which I wanted to stop taking. Losartan seems to have little effect on my bp, but I need the beta-blocker for my tachycardia so I am currently taking both. I previously stated that losartan was aggravating my insomnia, but I figured out it was folic acid, so I 'm editing my review
I was taking Seroquel XR for 5 months and was doing fine.  Then my insurance switched me to Risperdal and I don 't like it one bit.  It doesn 't do anything for me.  I 'm going back to the way I was before the Seroquel.
I was on alesse for the last 2.5 years - my cramps calmed down quite a bit but I was still spotting (but without BC I would have 7 day periods and terrible cramps, I also have fibroids). My doctor suggested that I change pills since I should have stopped spotting and put me on tricyclean. I was on this pill for two months and although I did not have spotting, I noticed that it caused major mood swings, depression, weight gain (10 pounds), tenderness in breast, and my skin has changed (occasional pimple and normal skin, I started to have red bumps, pimples and oily). I 've decided to stop using this pill as it is not for me. My doctor has suggested I go on this new pill called &quot;LOLO&quot; by actavis. I can 't find much on it and will prob not use it.
The &quot;hot flashes&quot; were really unbearable.  I was changing entire sets of clothes at least once a day.  I finally stopped using Savella.  I 'm not sure if it helped my pain, but watch out for this side effect, documented in the Savella medication handout.  Good luck to all others who are using it; I really hope you do not experience this side effect.
Seroquel has been ineffective for me at dosages below 600mg.  Even at 600mg my symptoms are decreased slightly.  I have been on lower dosages of other medications that have worked better.
Just started  Contrave yesterday, Dec 15, 2016.   First day madee me so dizzy and nauseous.   Day 2 bought some motion sickness less drowsy!  Really really helped.  Rather be slightly drowsy than dizzy and throwing up.   If you can 't handle the nausea or dizziness get some motion sickness.   I hope it works for weight loss too early to tell but its curbed my appetite.
I have been using Silenor for the past two to three weeks. I haven 't noticed any increase in the amount I have been sleeping, at all. As with most patients, my problem is not with falling asleep, but rather with staying asleep (sleep maintenance).  I still seem to wake up every hour after 1 a.m. However, for some reason during the night, since I have started taking the Silenor, I am less anxious than I had been about the lack of sleep, so maybe that 's something.
I 've had IBS-D for 25 years.  Was always told there was nothing the medical community could do about it.  So I suffered through it and took lots of immodium.  So when I saw advertisements for Xifaxan I was so hopeful.  Saw a new GI Doc and he immediately told me that this med was the best hope for IBS and that it 's effectiveness was terrific.  So I was so very, very hopeful this would work, and it did,,,,for the 14 days I was on it.  The day after stopping my 14 day regime my extreme bloating was back and within a week my symptons were exactly as before.  Now after 6 weeks my symptoms seem even worse.  Going back to the Doc in 6 weeks.  Will see what else might help.  Good luck to all of you!  It 's a terrible disease to have to deal with!
I am 39 years old and have been diagnosed with juvenile RA at the age of 15. Now my diagnose is seropositive RA. I have been on all existing meds but my problem is that they work for some time and then stop working completely. I had to wait for years to be put on biological therapy. Now, I have been taking Actemra for 1,5 year and it worked I would say between 4th and 9th month. The last six months I see that it 's no more effective for me. I am again in a lots of pain and I can 't function normally. I said it to my rheumatologist and she gave me Arcoxia as a NSAID to be taken and maybe cease the pain. It 's not helping at all, so she said that we do a switch to another drug. Hope it would work better for me this time.
Was effective for my bladder infection but side effects are not good. After 3 days of medication, I developed severe pain in my Achilles tendon, both ankles. It continues to this day, 2  months later. I 've also developed severe pain (tendonitis?), in my elbows. Never had this pain before taking Cipro.
I have not experienced any decrease in pain and I have had trouble sleeping, feeling constantly drowsy and find it difficult to concentrate at work. Have had some instances of irritability.
I was on Sprintec for about a year. It caused me to have severe depression and anxiety. It got so bad that I had to go see a therapist. My periods were still heavy and long, and my acne got worse. I gained about 10 pounds while taking it. I did have an increased sex drive though.
This was the first BC I ever used. It was mostly fine, didn 't help my acne any and didn 't give me boobs (I was all hips in those days) but also didn 't give me any nausea or weight gain. However, the patches never stayed on. They would get sticky and lint from my clothes would make the edges look really grungy. They fell off a lot. I also developed an allergy to the adhesive, leaving red squares on my skin for MONTHS after. Now I 'm allergic to any adhesive (tape, bandaids, etc.). I switched to the nuva ring and like it much better.
I 've been on micronor for about 4 months, the first 3 months were perfect getting my period roughly a month apart at a time. This past month it seems I have gotten my period every other week! Which is annoying!! My MD said it may take around 3 months to regulate my cycle but it seems my body is doing the opposite. Frustrated because I smoke and this birth control was the safest option for me. Looks like things have to change. 
I have been on amantadine for 2 months and it has worked at times. Although at times the shaking just continues. The shaking is there as a tremble at all times. Increase of dosage with no further effect. Shaking runs right through medication.I guess it is not for me.
I have been on Trinessa for six months and have decided to switch to Loestrin. I have the worst acne I 've ever had, not just my face but my back and chest too. I get headaches all the time and I 've gained 20 pounds. It 's like my appetite for food sky rocketed. My appetite for sexual activity, however, got depleted. Which is frustrating. 
I 've been on this bc for 9 months. The first 2-3 months were okay, a few more pimples than normal but no big deal. I 've gained almost 20 lbs the 4th month. The periods are light, but I have breakthrough bleeding in the middle of the pack and it 's always old blood like my flow is too light. The worst thing for me is the cystic acne this pill has caused me. My face breaks out in red bumps that hurt, big hard cysts that Never seem to go away and I 'm in a constant state of break out. It has caused cysts on my breasts, underarms and stomache. Granted I have  pcos and had some before, this has caused them to multiply everywhere! Everything I use just makes it worse. Have an appointment next week to switch back to mono linyah
I have spinal stenosis, my spine is cracked on both sides of my spine as well as a bulging disc  pushing on the cracks, Fibromyalgia and some form of arthritis.  Lyrica packed on the pounds, blurred vision, constantly tired , my body aches more when I take lyrica. I use cannibis oil CBD form it helps with inflammation , it sure helps considerably better with no side effects! The cbd form does NOT get you &lsquo;stoned, high, or buzzed&rsquo; it removes the pain. I am extremely grateful for my Cannibis oil, the effects last longer then lyrica tooo! I can enjoy my grandkids again!
I 've suffered from rosacea for years I was sick of taken antibiotics...they were upsetting my tummy so I got this from the doctor in May... but it took over a week to work.... but has come back ..this cream is not working..back to docs on Monday .
After my UTI reoccurred, my doctor prscbd me Macrobid. I took the new antibiotics about 9 days after completing the Cipro antibiotics and I felt better after the 3rd day of using the pills. I did have neon urine which was typical. There was a drastic change with my sleeping pattern, all I wanted to do was sleep. Fatigue was a side effect. I woke up to a headache/unsettled stomach (ate a heavy meal w/ pill) a few times. Now 7 days in, my old symptoms are back up. I didn 't drink as much H20 the first few days, but I 've since amped the amount of water I intake. I also bought Cranberry pills to hopefully help clear it up. Don 't feel like throwing out more cash or another doctors visit.
I got pseudomembranous colitis from this medicine but it put my MRSA back into being dormant.
I was put on the Nuvaring after not having a period for 8 months (which I have equated to marathon training). My period began as soon as my first 3 weeks were over. I thought everything was great, but it is now 9 months later and my emotions have been out of control. I cry and just in general freak out over NOTHING! I have definitely gone up an entire cup size, but my breasts are ALWAYS sore/tender. I am a non-smoking 30 year old and my blood pressure has been elevating. Finally, lately at the gym I have been having difficulty breathing. I am going in to my doctor to discuss all these concerns before I put another one in.
Hyped me up like crazy.  Made anxiety worse.  No depression help.  Gives lots of energy.
I just put this medication in and just a few minutes after , itchiness came , like crazy ! so bad I started crying ..
I 'm ending day 3 of my 15 day trial. The first day I experienced a burning sensation in my neck and shoulders and felt weird,  like a buzzed feeling,  but that was gone by day 2. Day 1 I felt full all day,  day 2 and 3 I 've felt like my normal self eating and think of food the way I 've always done.  Hopefully it will get better.  Will update as I continue this journey.
This is awful, the burning is terrible! !
Was moderately successful treatment, but side effects were very bad for me.
3 months back doctor told me that my cholesterol levels are slightly on higher side and need to start medication if the levels are same after three months.InsteadI started taking EFA Icon Krill oil a couple months back. Today I got my lab reports and its normal:HDL - 51LDL - 104Total Cholesterol - 189
Been taking since 12/23 and no results at all. I 've had nausea and at one time severe diarrhea. I workout, eat right, drink water. Will continue to take, maybe my body is slowly responding to this drug.
I was prescribed 1-2 of the 75mgs every 4-6 hours as needed for severe shoulder pain, due to rheumatoid arthritis and an undiagnosed muscle disorder (something similar to fibro, but not yet diagnosed officially). I took 1 pill and after about 45 mins, felt no relief, so I took another.  After about another 30-45mins, I started to feel really messed up in my head, fuzzy, dizzy, not too bothersome until I started having heart palpitations, very scary! I went to bed about 2 hours later and had major hallucinations (this has NEVER happened to me on any other drug)  I have taken many pain killers, both narcotic and non-narcotic, so my experience is vast, and I have never encountered side effects like this. Back to Percs.
I had to switch from the patch to this, and that was the worst mistake. This pill had so many side-effects that came very slowly for the 6 months I was on it, and acne started developing on my cheeks, my chin, and on my chest. The acne was purple and really nasty. I never had acne in my life before! My periods almost went away with this pill, which honestly was the silver lining if you want to call it that. The worst part was that I had no interest in sex at all. Zero libido. So glad that I am off this pill. It was NOT for me.
Before taking Chateal, I was on Sprintec for 9 years. I had a flawless experience with Sprintec, but when my health insurance ended I was left with Chateal. The first few months were fine, but over time I started spotting between periods more and more frequently. I was very careful about taking it at the same time every day, but still the spotting persisted. After just over a year on Chateal and about 6 months of spotting, I switched back to Sprintec a week ago and no spotting yet! Also, while on Chateal I felt down a lot of the time and had pretty bad anxiety. I 'd rather pay out of pocket for Sprintec than get Chateal for free. It kept me from getting pregnant though, so it works in that sense.
I 've always been one for depo but my doctor advised me to try lolo, I agreed. The first months worth I didn 't like and questioned a lot of things. Seemed like I had a never ending period, all over the place and lasted for days. My breast were really tender, felt very nauseated to the point of almost vomiting, pelvic cramps, mild mood swings, UTI, discharge. When I went on antibiotics for the UTI I was told the pill will be less effective, my doctor never considered my age (32) as a factor which puts me at more of a risk. I am losing weight I can not maintain. I. Not happy with this product, not enough testing and I 'm going back to depo.
I been on Chateal since Oct 2015 and the only negative thing about it is the extreme weight gain...I a profession personal trainer, very athletic  eat a very well balance diet for my needs and I 've gained about 12lbs... I no happy at all  before Chateal I was on Orto 7/7/7 and on that pill I never gained weight, never had a problem and I had no need to get of it and go on some thing else.
I have been on benzaclin for approx. 1yr and 4 months now, and in the beginning (first 2-3 months) I was noticing a big improvement and my acne was starting to go away. However, my acne came back even worse a couple months after and the benzaclin was not helping it at all. Currently, I am still using benzaclin in hopes that it will work again for me, but I don 't think it will to be honest :(
I 've been on the pill for almost a month since July 2nd and I schudeuled an appointment with my OBGYN today due to this contraceptive cause lots of bleeding. I started on the first day I bleed from my last period and it 's July 28th and I am currently still on my period. My doctor prescribed me Lo Loestrin now and I hope it helps me out. But with Lutera it was a horrible experience, Lots of headaches, low sex drive, MANY mood swings/depression. I got into many many arguments with my boyfriend this month and I had my relationship in danger!
I was on 12.5 mcg but I started metabolizing it too fast, I was in withdrawal after 48 hrs. I moved up to 25 mcg but after just a couple of months, back in withdrawal in 48 hrs instead of 72 hrs. My insurance refused to pay for 48 hr changes and only wanted to continue to have the doc increase from 25 mcg. It helps great for pain but at what cost?! Don 't become dependent on this drug. It 's not worth it. The withdrawal trying to come off this cold turkey or even with clonodine is inhumane. I had to check into detox to help get off after just 9 months. Please don 't take this unless you 're in end of life care. Doctors don 't explain what it 's like to get off this medicine. Once I got off this and Percocet, over the counter meds work again.
I 've been on this pill for about a month since then I 've been feeling very light headed at times, also I noticed that my appetite has increased drastically. I feel more tired than usual &amp; the mood swings are terrible. On top of all that the acne won 't go away!!! This pill is okay but I wouldn 't suggest it for a long time use.
Not long after each dose I get extremely nauseous, even when taking with food. Having to take it 3 times a day is brutal. Let 's just say I can 't wait for my treatment to be complete.
I 've been on it for 3 months.  I started with the smallest dose and went up to the highest.  At the lower dose I started seeing my fasting numbers go down significantly.  At the middle dose, they leveled.  At the higher dose, I was sick to my stomach with anything I ate.  I was a zombie for a few hours.  The first two months, my A1c went down significantly.  The interesting thing about the med is that I never got the diarrhea, instead, it has given me constipation.   I haven 't lost any weight.  I 'm on the middle dose now.  Another interesting thing about the med is that at the middle and higher dose, I am hungry all the time.  I feel like I 'm eating more than before.  My fasting numbers are back up.  I don 't think it 's working for me.
I have been on naltrexone for 5 months, and it 's not done a good job of helping with my pain.
I started Yaz a few months ago and so far the results are unimpressive. Primarily I went on the pill the regulate my extremely heavy and long periods as a bonus I was using it as a contraceptive. Contraceptive wise it was a dream, but it did absolutely nothing for my periods, the pain was still there and instead of being 8 days they are now 10 or 11. I also got horrible mood swings, and I suffer from depression so I really didn 't think I would get any  'lower ' but on this pill I really have. My emotions are just all over the place.  If you are going to go on this pill I would definitely do proper research.  I have decided to stop taking it.
I feel so sad. I 've been on this medicine for 8 weeks. I don 't sleep through the night (but am not tired during the day), have been having more bad dreams than usual, and am more irritable. I take it for major depression/anxiety and started on 50mg, but my doctor upped it to 100mg. Sincerely,tired of trying meds
I 've just started my 4th week with 2 pills in the a.m. &amp; 2 in the p.m. &amp; I haven 't lost anything ! Not even an ounce. :( I am so discouraged and upset. I was excited when my Dr. Had prescribed it to me to lose the weight. I thought what a perfect boost. I already workout 3 days a week at the gym ...but since taking contrave I 've felt tired all the time , some days fuzzy as if I had. Vertigo...I may give it another month and if I do t show any improvement I 'll stop taking it. Today is 3/20/17 I 'm at 202 &amp; 5 '7 I 'll let you know in another month if it was worth it.
I was put on methimazole 10 mg late May.  Within a month, I had gained 10 lbs, my finger and feet became swollen, pressure headaches that would not go away after taking Advil, it hurt just to walk, back pains, and I was soooooooo tired. I complained to my doctor and she lowered the dosage to 5 mg and then she took me off of it after my levels were ok.  Then last week, I 've had to go back on it again but I 've noticed that my symptoms aren 't that severe this time but I 'm still continueing to gain weight. My doctor says I need to be on it and try to have my hyperthyroidism go into remission.  I hate this drug! I 've never felt this bad in my entire life but I have no choice but to be on it.
I 've been on this pill for 3 months. I had switched because I had been on the same pill for 6 years prior. I 've always had terrible cramps, but thought that was normal and I had to deal with it. Once on this pill, not only did my cramps get even worse, my breast were so tender I could barely put a bra on. However, everybody is very different and can experience different side effects. Although I 'll be switching pills again, it is worth the trial to see if it may work for you.
I 've only been on this pill 3 weeks and today I had a complete breakdown. I have been bleeding ever since I have taken the first day and today I was downright angry and crying  and could not function. All for no reason. I am stopping this pill immediately. I have also been so bloated that I feel like I am pregnant all over again and I was starting to finally feel good about myself again since I had my son 6 weeks ago. And like others my milk supply has pretty much dried up! Terrible
I made a previous post right after I started Aviane. Now I 'm a month in and back to review how things are going.I 've been spotting since day 3. I 've been trying to live with it in hopes things will get better, but 3+ weeks of this is really wearing on me.My mood has been normal. Nothing out of the ordinary, except some obvious frustrations regarding constant bleeding.Sex drive (which has been an issue on previous pills) is good. I 'd say it 's the same as without the pill.I 've been having more breakouts. A couple huge, painful zits that won 't seem to go away. I 've never had issues with zits much at all before, but not a huge deal.I may be slightly more bloated and hungry than before I was on the pill, but nothing major.
My stomach always hurt and threw up and got the runs.  Would not recommend.
I have had the nexplanon in for about 6 almost 7 months now. I think it works great, I like not being scared to forget a pill, I like how it lasts for 3 years, I like how its an implant that you don 't have to worry about. This had one big con that was a deal breaker for me, the constant and irregular bleeding. For the 6 months I 've had the nexplanon I bled for 4 out of those 6 months straight. and when I wasn 't bleeding constantly, I would randomly bleed so I constantly had to have a pad for tampon in for 6 months straight. My doctor says this is really common, and I think thats something that needs to be changed. If I had a regular period, or no period this would have been perfect for me, but I can 't have a period for 3 years. Its not okay
I 've always suffered from migraines. I take 500 ER twice a day and gained 16lbs in less than 3 weeks. Since I 'm already overweight this caused severe back pain in which I can barely walk and my legs are numb. Works wonders for my migraine but the side effects aren 't worth it!
I had the mirena coil for years. Last year I started bleeding irregularly with bad cramps &amp; pelvic pain. They sent me for an ultrasound to check for ovarian cysts but was clear.  They found a polyp on my cervix. When they removed the polyp my coil dislodged &amp; was replaced. I started having burning pain in my cervix and a smell. Had a course of antibiotics but the pain stayed. They removed the coil &amp; I was ok for a couple of months. But my periods are extremely heavy with massive clots and severe pain and they fitted another coil. This was  Aug and bleeding for 4 weeks and getting heavier. Also menopausal so unsure if it 's the coil or menopause causing the bleeding. I want a hysterectomy but at 47 I 'm too young apparently. End of my tether
I 've had the nexplanon for a little over a year. Before that, I was on depo for about 4 1/2 years. Because of the depo I wasn 't having any periods so I didn 't experience any bleeding on nexplanon. But I definitely had a decreased sex drive, I didn 't even let my boyfriend touch me because it just seemed off putting. My weight also ballooned. I gained 60 lbs in the matter of a few months (I am not exaggerating). For the purpose of stopping pregnancy, it definitely works, but I 'm moody, depressed, fat and just plain unhappy with everything. I 'm calling my doctor today to have it removed.
This is my 2nd Nexplanon the first go around was fine I didn&rsquo;t experience the mood swings or anything of that nature.. however towards the end I had my period for almost a month straight... my 3 yrs was up and I got it again hoping it would be different and NOPE!! I had my regular period last week and all of a sudden I&rsquo;m starting it yet again! It&rsquo;s starting to become a pain in the butt constantly bleeding and such! Granted I like not having to take a pill but I&rsquo;m starting to not like these frequent periods!
DO NOT RECOMMEND!! Please do not get this implant in your arm! I got the Nexoplanon implanted in my arm on the 13th of June. On the next day when we went out to celebrate my brother 's birthday, I experienced very severe mood swings. There was no reason, and overall would have been a happy day if it wasn 't shooting hormones into my system very rapidly. The day after that the mood swings became more extreme, and was scaring my family a bit. I did get used to it and acted normal after a couple of weeks.This ain 't the big issue. Here it is: My period has not stopped.It is now July, and it won 't cut. Extremely irregular with amount as well. Spoke to a coworker, and found that she had a negative experience as well. Her period lasted a year.
I have been on some form of thyroid for 20 years.  First I was on Armour then Synthroid.  But what changed all that was my thyroid cancer diagnosis 6 months ago.  They kept me on Synthroid, and never told me there was a difference.  It seems to me that you need T4 and T3, which armour provides.  I felt so achy after my surgery.  Everyday my body hurt and I was do tired and absent minded.  Also I have had weight gain. Went to a different doctor last week and have switched to Armour.  We shall see.  The main difference I feel so far is less body aches.  That is wonderful to me!
I have been on Lo/Ovral since I was 18. I was taking the other generic, Low-Ogestrel, up until last month. The pharmacy switched generics. Ever since I started taking the Cryselle I have cramps constantly and always feel bloated.
I have tried Depakote for migraines, as well as Childhood Epilepsy.  My son has tried it for Bipolar disorder. It can and does make me and my son lethargic, can cause an increase in salivation, causes massive weight gain (from 105 to 155lbs). In my opinion, the possible benefits are not worth the side effects.
The first month I was on it, it went great. No side effects, 1-2 pounds weight gain (I watched my diet to the T so I knew the extra weight was from the pill) But it did not bother me too much. The second month was hell! I gained an extra 10 pounds within week one and mid of week three, I call my gyno and had to have my pill changed because I could not accept the 10 pound weight gain. She has switched me to Microgestin Fe 1/20 (generic of Loestrin 24), so we will see how that works out. I am not starting this new pill until I lose the weight I have gained from Tri-Sprintec. Before being on Tri-Sprintec I was on Yaz and that had not worked well for me either, major bloating!
My 78 year old mother was taking this and in her third month she had vomiting one day back and neck pain for 3 days, then passed away in her sleep, Didn 't get a chance to lower the dose.
Dose has been Titrated up by 10 mg every 2 weeks. Now at 75 mg a day. Pain of Chemo induced bi-lateral Peripheral Neuropathy is as bad as ever. When dose was increasing pain relief of a few hours was bliss. Now at maximum dose and side effects are as bad as the pain. Have to wait another month to see pain clinic. Dry mouth causing problems swallowing. This is last resort as almost every other drug treatment has been tried over 6 years.
This is the first night using this and my first time having a yeast infection and the suppository is fine but the cream makes mu vaginal area feel like a dragon is down there blowing fire on it. I hope these 3 days are over quickly.
Received this as an alternative to other anti biotics because of my ibs and how bad they normally wreck my stomach. First about 16 hours went along very smoothly as I took the 2 250 mg doses and immediately went down hill. I liked mom stop for over an hour. The very next morning I stayed home from work, took another pill at about 8:30 am, and did alright thru the day until about midnight when I woke up to stomach gurgling and severe nausea/headache
It worked great for the first few weeks. I didn 't take it every night, just the nights where I was having a hard time falling asleep. The problems stared one night when I was seeing people in my closet and my furniture seemed to be falling on top of my bed. I tired taking it again and I fell right asleep. A week later I began seeing Gummy Bears jumping around my room and on my bed. I went back to my doctor and told her I was seeing things and she said it was common. I stayed on the Ambien, until one night my boyfriend told me that I was sitting up in bed with my eyes open, acting as if I was at work. Typing in the air and I began scratching his skin very hard. I woke up in the morning NOT remembering a single thing. Haven 't taken it since then.
this stuff...... Is just...... NASTY! I started taking it at 5pm as instructed and I honestly could not do it! I had to pour crystal light in it and plug my nose and put ice in it and I still gagged! It is not good.... But I will say after one glass I was already in the bathroom. It works quickly.
My boyfriend started this medication for better seizure control.  He has had personality changes, confusion, aggression,  hostility,  delusions,  depression and severe thought problems that caused him to have antipsychotic and antidepressant medication increased because of existing bipolar disorder. Our relationship is about over because of this medication. We will see the neurologist asap to see if he can get off this medicine. Scared because it 's addictive.  He had similar reactions to Vimpat with suicidal thoughts.
I am on week 3 now just took two pills at once. I have lost No weight. My thyroid sucks and my Dr. thought this might work. Have felt the stuffed sick feeling but only felt a little dizzy on the first day. Was on adipex for a couple years. This dropped my weight more quickly but after the first year just gave me the energy to work fast pace job and go to school. So far not very impressed with this drug. Will continue for the first month or two.
I don 't usually write reviews, but I feel obliged to do so for this one. In many ways, Effexor helped with my clinical depression and gave me boost of energy that I otherwise didn 't get with typical SSRIs. On the other hand within 2-3 weeks of taking it, I felt a sudden energy boost where I felt like I could do a million things at once. Before I could never wake up in the morning and felt groggy, and then all of a sudden I was up at 5:00am to do yoga 5 days a week. This pattern of hyperactivity continued for on end, until finally I flipped out and became suicidal. At this time I was on 200mg of Effexor and could simply not function without it. After the terrible withdrawal of weaning off, I finally feel relaxed.
I was 20 when I started staking Strattera. As far as focusing yes, I was completely focused and motivated all day! If I was sitting still I would have to pull out my phone and play a game to keep my mind moving. However the side effects were absolutely terrible! I was constantly sweating and if I wasn 't sweating I had chills! I began suffering from insomnia. I have constant dry mouth and headaches. The worst side effect by far was what it did to my menstrual cycle. It gave me a EXTREMELY heavy and very crampy cycle. It also made my very regular cycle completely irregular. The side effects made it not worth it at all.
My doctor put me on this med and it does work but DAMN!  The fatigue sometimes is almost unbearable.  I am lucky that I didn 't have any Stomach issues but the Fatigue is really getting to me.  I had to leave work in the afternoon just so I can lay down.   I have my good days and.   The second day of the shot seems to be the worse.    Not sure what I am going to do since it is really helping my A1C but I still struggle with Fatigue which of course affects everything else,  my sex drive is almost gone and all I want to do is go to sleep.
Did not have any signs of a bladder infection.  I am 5 weeks pregnant so after a routine urine culture my doctor said I had an infection and prescribed me Macrobid.  I have taken it with food, oatmeal to be exact in the mornings.  The nausea was so extreme for hours.  I 'm on day three and hoping I can finish this. 
I am on my second month of taking Apri. My periods are much better but I have noticed that I have gained a bit more weight. Also more acne than with my previous birth control pill. But on the good side my periods are much shorter and my cramps are less awful. When it comes to periods it helps, but self esteem, not so much.
Cozaar did not help my blood pressure and the side effects were bad. I had headaches from day one, nausea, low back pain and nonstop trips the toilet. My doctor wanted me to try Cozaar because my medicare provider wouldn 't cover my Diovan. I have been taking Diovan for years. It took forever to find a drug that worked on blood pressure without side effects. Diovan is expensive at $80  for a 30-day supply, but it works.
For the first few months everything was fine. My periods were short and light and I didn 't experience any cramps. After about a year or so I started gaining so much weight and experiencing mood swings, increased sex drive and tender breasts. I believe the birth control does its job, but the side effects aren 't worth it. I got off of them for awhile and my body felt so much better/ balanced but I got back on to regulate my period again because it came on every 2 weeks. I 'm switching as soon as I can.
Given my experience on this medication, I should probably give it a &quot;1&quot;, but I 'm going to give it a 4 because of my initial response to it. I 've had depression for 20 years, and the symptoms have never remitted, which eventually lead to my choice to seek hospitalization last year. However, a week after I went on this medication, my symptoms were completely gone. All of the cognitive, impulse control and executive functioning deficits related to my partially remitted depression disappeared.  HOWEVER....the medication made me manic in about a month. I started experiencing paranoid delusions and had to admit myself to the hospital again. I 'm heartbroken that it didn 't work for me, but maybe it will work for others.
I 'm 22, and this is my first time being on birth control. At first I liked it because it regulated my period, and I went up a cup size, but that 's the only positive experience I 've had with this pill. I 'm bloated around my midsection (I 'm 5 '6 and 107lbs and I look 2 months pregnant because of the bloating), my cramps are just as bad as they were off the pill, my breast hurt so bad and the biggest thing of all that I hate is that my face went from being flawless to severe acne EVERYWHERE! The pill is also expensive.
I was on Yasmin for around a year and had no problems with it. It was great and then I started to get breakthrough bleeding so my doctor switched me to Diane which was terrible! I think it was too strong for me because it made me break out like crazy. I didn 't have acne to begin with. I then had a break from the pill (skin cleared up completely from almost the 2nd day of stopping the pill) for about 6 months or so and now have gone back on Yasmin and my skin has been breaking out like crazy! lots of small white heads on the left side of my face and some in a little section on my right cheek. They 're small but coming up every single day. I 'm in the 4th month now and hasn 't cleared up yet. Help!! : '(
If you value your skin at all, don 't even bother with Nexplanon. I 've never had acne in my life until I got the implant. It 's horrible and won 't go away. Not to mention I get my period sporadically 2-4 times a month. Save yourself the hassle, avoid this at all costs.
I 'm on my 4th day of the dosage. Since day one of taking it I started vomiting a couple hours of the dose. Been like that ever since, vomiting and diarrhea all day.  Today I started eating yogurt after taking it on recommendation of the pharmacist. It has helped some and cut down the severely and frequency of the vomiting  and diarrhea but hasn 't eliminated it. Can 't wait to reach day 7 to be done.. I called the doctor, only thing he said was I had to keep taking it or I 'd be admitted to hospital. Screw that I 'll deal with the stomach issues. Good luck to you if prescribed it and try the yogurt it helps. BTW, pepto will make you immediately puke if you try to take some while on bactrim. I dunno why, but from my personal experience it does, beware!
I had a wonderful experience with Gildess, but Blisovi on the other hand gave me horrible/painful acne, breast tenderness that got progressively worse, dryness, trouble sleeping, and yeast infections. I tried both dosages with only worse symptoms towards the end on lower dosage (what I tried last). Hopefully this helps!
Ever since I been on the nexplanon I have gained weight.  I also can 't lose weight. I have gained 15 lbs since being on it. I 've been on it for almost 2 years. But it does its job I didn 't get pregnant.
Seems to be working very slowly wish urgent care practitioner would have gave me a more aggressive antibiotic. I also got a large thick shot in the upper butt. Don 't know what it was but opted for it for a faster reaction so don 't really know if the z pack is even working at all. Day 2 of 5
I have back pain due to slipping on slippery ice. Doc gave me cyclobenzaprine but first I couldn 't sleep and I was feeling my limbs numb and kind of cold, then I was waking up the whole night like every 2 hours, when I reached my wake up time everything has been feeling as if I 'm in slow motion and it was only 1 tablet! I don 't think I 'll keep going with it.
I have been on this medicine for about 2 months. My side effects were headache, thirsty, tired and wired. Felt kind of like I was stoned, constipation, insomnia. Most of the side effects went away after I got to the full dosage. Still a headache occasionally. And still feel wired sometimes. But I haven 't lost any weight. I know it 's a slow working pill but nothing. In 2 months. It has curbed my appetite and cravings. But no weight loss is frustrating.
This should be the first thing you take when you realize you have back pain. At the very least this will take the sharp edge off and give you enough time to get to Urgent Care or an immediate doctor appointment. I have noticed that for extended use (2-5 days) the pain symptoms slowly come back, but at least this is something I can buy OTC.
Have developed visual problems, thinning hair on top of my head, insomnia, and loss of sexual interest.
This medication worked for me for about 3 weeks. I started on 1.5mg then my doctor increased it to 3mg. After the increased I had an upset stomach, my chest felt very heavy, and it was difficult for my to swallow and speak without gasping for air. My doctor wants me to go back down to 1.5mg I told my doctor I am taking myself off. Anything that bothers my breathing I can 't tolerate.
For the first few weeks, I felt amazing. So much better, I couldn 't believe it. I hadn 't been that totally free from visions with any other medication. I didn 't much enjoy randomly falling asleep when I took my afternoon dose, but at the time it seemed worth it. However, after about a month, I started feeling like the best thing for me to do would be to kill myself. I didn 't get depressed, none of my old symptoms returned, I just felt like it was the logical thing to do. It felt so normal that I didn 't report it to my doctor for a month. He told me to stop taking Saphris and within 2 weeks all of my suicidal thoughts stopped. My symptoms returned, but it was a fair trade. I just want people to know and to be careful.
I have muscle problems in my upper and lower back from carrying drums in drumline in high school. My back hurts constantly every day (but a very tolerable and mild pain). But those of you with back problems know that you have good days and bad days. On the bad days I started taking 800mg Skelaxin, and it did absolutely nothing for my pain. It provided the same amount of relief that 2 or 3 Aleve provides.
I have been on this med for 12 days, so far i haven 't seen a difference, in fact I 'm thinking my Dr gave me a placebo. I have been very tired and sleeping more. I have tried Dexedrine and Concerta which I feel, worked better, but was harsh. I hope in time I will see the benefits.
Lexapro really works for the anxiety and as a mood stabilizer although I still have rough times and feel I need something stronger or with less of the sleep disturbances.
First pill I tried. It didn 't really give me noticeable side effects, but not many benefits besides no pregnancy. It didn 't decrease cramps by much. I still got wicked headaches that would make me nauseous, and it decreased my sex drive. Over all when I stopped taking it I felt like I had come out of a fog, as if the pill had been dulling senses beyond just my sex drive. Happier to be on Sprintec now.
I have only been on Geodon a few days and I can 't tolerate it. I feel intoxicated, can 't type very well, and am already having some involuntary movements in my face. I am not taking it tonight and will see my doctor tomorrow and request something else.
I 've been on this for 1 1/3 months (switched from Depo Shot) and I 'm not sure I like this when I started it just 9 days in I got my period and at the end of the pack I didn 't get a period and now I 'm on week 3 of my second pack and no period like last month. So I 'm a little worried and I get headaches a lot and my breasts hurt (this just started a week ago). If by the end of this pack I don 't get my period then I 'm going to the doctor.
Posted about a year ago here after I first started a 500 mg nightly regimen of Niaspan. For awhile it appeared as though I would not have the usual side effect of burning skin. However, the Acid reflux I began experiencing began to worsen over time along with gastric problems at night.  Then as an active person who is involved in teaching Cardio Boxing classes I began to experience weird feelings in my chest along with a more pronounced heart beat during and after exercise. Felt like I swallowed a Basketball at times. Also could not have any alcohol Beer or Wine while taking this. I decided to stop taking it in fear of creating an Arrythmyia or Stroke during my exercise which also is my Job. This is day one off of it and feel better.
Week 3 -extreme vertigo,  nausea, fuzzy brain.  Stopped in week 4, did curb my appetite but no energy. Disappointed it didn 't work for me.
I was shot in the neck four years ago, I have Ptsd, depression, anxiety depression with psychosis I have panic attacks to where I don 't sleep at all sometimes like 2 days so they prescribe  Seroquel to for me and I took it and I had the craziest scariest dream ever in my life I gained like 20 pounds within a two-week. I didn 't want to do anything but slept all the time. The medicine just does agree  with me so I have to stop taking it - but it 's nice to know that is helping others God bless! So I 'm still trying to find a peaceful life hopefully I will soon my team of doctors is on it. ....awesome that it works for some, just not me
I 'd switched to Viibryd from Effexor XR October 21,2013. Transition was fine, 10 mg dose for a week  I felt great..better than in years..up to 20, amazing..few side effects, soft multiple stools..not much more. Was going to stay at 20mg until I started having random anxiety attacks throughout the day. So took it to 40mg..what a nightmare! I turned bipolar, paranoid, and more anxiety. Back down to 20mg, was better for a bit, but now I have diarrhea daily and having 3am panic attacks. Seeing doctor this week, getting off Viibryd..sigh. I really wanted this one to work.
This birth control is TERRIBLE. I do not recommend this birth control to anyone. I 've had horrible cramps, no sex drive, and when I do have sex I am so dry to where it hurts to even have sex. I am also extremely irritable and tired almost all the time. I have also broken out the worst I have in a very long time, as well as gained five pounds. I am going back on my original birth control Ocella, which I was very happy with.
I experience shortness of breath and headache.
This medicine does work. I took it for about a month before I had a really bad reaction though. I had an itchy hive looking rash and it turned into welts all over my body including my face. My eyes swelled up and were really puffy too. I wish I could 've stayed on the medicine for the 3 month period because it does work I have a clean toenail growing in but I had to stop the medicine so hopefully it stays that way. If you develop a reaction or an allergy to this it really sucks but it does work. I recommend not missing a day and always taking it at the same time everyday. I took it everyday when I woke up but I got sick and stopped taking it for a couple days, coincidentally when I started taking it again the reaction happened.
As far as birth control effectiveness goes, it does great. Never had any issues with that. However, the mood swings/anxiety/depression were TERRIBLE. And they 've only gotten worse since I 've gotten off of it. It 's enough that it 's severely effecting my outlook on life and my relationships with those around me. I 've recently become active and notice it 's easier for me to get hurt than it was before. (I assume that 's because of the bone density loss..) I was on this for 9 mo/3 shot cycles and I never adjusted. It may work for you, but it did not for me. I 'm going to try an IUD next and hope for better results. Fingers crossed.
I 've been on the NuvaRing now for two years. As a birth control medicine and ease of use, I give it a 10, because I 've had no pregnancies and just set a reminder on my phone. I 'm giving it zero stars for my quality of life. It has caused dryness during sex so much that I 've developed vaginal fissures and the dryness has made my sex life with my husband non-existent. I also have no libido to speak of when before it was healthy. I 'm looking into getting the Paragard inserted because even if that gives me heavy periods at least I 'd get my vagina back.
I 've been taking Vyvanse for about 2 years. It DOES help me concentrate in school, but the concentration comes at a cost. I feel zombie-fied and extremely anxious, even jittery at times but I don 't feel hyper. Vyvanse also makes me feel really cold all the time.
acne acne acne acne acne. If you have acne prone skin like me please DO NOT take this medication. Make sure you are on something that is MEANT for acne (yasmin, yaz, ortho tri cyclen, sprintec, etc) as microgestin is not specifically meant for acne and can actually make your skin worse. I did not know any of this before taking this birth control, so i let my doctor put me on what he called a &quot;generic&quot; pill that many people take. I could definitely see this pill working for an average individual with non acne-prone skin, however, this was not the case for me. My body never &quot;adjusted&quot; to the hormones as my gyno said and my breakouts just got worse and worse until i finally decided to stop taking it (9 months in) and my acne finally cleared.
I&rsquo;ve had severe anxiety my whole life but was never put on anything till about 7 months ago. I was also diagnosed with bipolar, so when I&rsquo;m manic and having a extremely hard time falling asleep this medicine works. But for my anxiety, which it was prescribed for, doesn&rsquo;t do anything except make me pass out and not want to do anything for days! It also makes me fall asleep at the drop of a dime, for example while driving! This may work for others, but it&rsquo;s definitely not the pill for me when it comes to anxiety, though for when I need to get some shut eye it works great!
I 've been on this medication for 1 year or even 2 years with 300 mg. I still have extreme mood swings and it doesn 't help at all, I want lithium or other bipolar medicine - this doesn 't work at all for me. I 'm really scared to gain weight while on some other medication because I already gained 20 kg from an antipsychotic medicine before but I can live with this. My bipolar illness gets worse and worse I still have a good medicine &quot;base&quot; tho. It 's not as extreme as a couple of years ago but I 'm only 19 years old so I 'm looking forward trying something else.
I started the shot about 4 months ago. The first few weeks it was great and I loved not having to take a pill everyday. Then I started spotting, but I knew it was a side effect and thought it would stop. The spotting/bleeding continued for 3 months, on and off. When I would think it stopped, I 'd have sex and it would start bleeding during or after sex. After the 3 months ended I was so excited that I wouldn 't have to ruin anymore underwear and buy any more tampons but I was wrong, every now and then I spot and bleed during or after sex. It is annoying and inconvenient. This is a great thing if you really don 't want to get pregnant but if it is just for cramps and heavy periods I do not recommend.
I had no trouble with this medication for almost 2.5 years. However, I 've developed negative side effects including: painful cramping for weeks at a time, bleeding between periods, stomach bloating, acne and breast pain.
Took 2 doses of .75 trulicity a couple months ago (over 2 weeks) and got severe flu-like symptoms. Nausea, loss of appetite (which was expected), headaches, lethargy. Symptoms didn 't start for a few days so it 's hard to tell if it is definitely a cause. Stopped taking it and gave my body time to feel normal again to rule out actual flu. Took another shot this Sunday evening and felt fine until Thursday when I woke with all the same flu symptoms again. Now I 'm pretty sure it 's the trulicity and will not be taking it again.
I started the nuva ring after my body rejected the copper IUD.  Loved that it was easy to use and painless.  I didn 't find it gross to put in or take out like I thought I would.  It killed my libido.  Thank god I had a understanding boyfriend.  When we did have sex I occasionally would forget to put it back in which lead to a few scares but nothing ever came of them.  Overall I stopped after 6 months because my lack of libido was frustrating for me and him.
Kept me awake. Didn 't help much with pain.
I was diagnosed with depression about 6 months ago and started with a very low dose of prozac. About 3 months later I was institutionalized and switched to Zoloft. Most of the people there for depression were on it and it worked for them. However, it does not work for me at all. I 've been on 100 mg for about 2 months and I feel jittery when I sit for too long or when I 'm trying to sleep, I get really grouchy and rude (which is unusual for me) , and things that only bothered me before make me really depressed.
I 've been taking Metoprolol for a couple months now and input see and difference than before I started taking it. In fact, my doctor even increased it from once a day to two pills in the morning and one at night. No change. Not even a change in pvc 's, which makes for horrible anxiety, at least for me.
Hello everyone. I 've had my Skyla IUD in for a little over a year now and, honestly, it 's probably been the worst year of my life. I 've never had children and I forget to take the pill, so I was looking for something more reliable for my lifestyle. I chose Skyla. Upon having it inserted, I was in the most severe pain I 've ever been in. I almost passed out driving home. After I got home, I spent the rest of the day on the couch feeling like I was dying. The Skyla IUD has made me develop ovarian cysts, which I never had on previous birth controls, and my sex drive has been almost non-existent. My boyfriend of 3 years works out of town all week and we only spend time together on the weekends, so this has caused issues in our relationship.
Very bad side effects:nausea, vomiting, dizziness, odd dreams.Ended up x 2 in the ER because of this drug.
I had such a mixed experience on Cymbalta. I took it for 1 month. It made half my day awful, and the other half great. I would take it in the morning (30mg) and for the first half of the day I would feel this dark undercurrent, but kind of speedy at the same time. It made me have terrible anxiety and paranoia and I fought with my husband in the mornings, accusing him of petty things. Then around 1pm this darkness would lift and I would feel happy; it was really bizarre. But the damage done to my marriage from my behavior in the mornings was terrible. I hope my husband can forgive me for the drama. My last dose was 2 days ago and I feel much more stable and sane. I did not like how this drug altered my personality so much in the mornings.
Started out great on the lowest dosage. I lost 20 pounds in the first 6 weeks. Moved up to the next dosage and did not lose a pound. Still no side effects so they moved me up to the highest dosage. The first 2 days were great and then I thought I was going to die! The chest pains were horrific! I couldn 't chance the way I felt and it got me really thinking as to what I was putting in my body! I stopped taking it!
When I first started Effexor XR, it seemed to really help for a while.  After a while we had to increase the dosage to its maximum, and had to add the max 80 mg of Prozac to keep me &quot;normal&quot;.  After about a year, I started having real problems with exhaustion and fatigue.  It took a lot of testing and doctors and finally two separate sleep studies to find that my deep sleep had been disrupted significantly -- essentially I was getting NO restorative sleep, even when I slept for 8-12 hours!
Started on the Amlopidine 3 months ago. Bp was 150/74 at Dr. 's.  Now it goes to 145 about 1 time in afternoon, but goes down to 99/58 every once and a while, causing me spaced out feeling.  I 've had terrible headaches all this week, dizziness, cough. Can 't drive..  I am getting off this, because I felt much better before.  I had just retired when I started this med.  Was totally independent, now stuck at home.
Although the 12mcg/hour patch did help with my pain it did not offer the relief I thought it might for 72 hours which is the life of a single patch. I still had pain, just not as severe. Then I broke out in a rash on chest, arms, thighs and back. Along with the rash a rise in blood pressure which had previously been well within acceptable range for my age of 62. I was placed on a blood pressure medication but have not seen a satisfactory drop in numbers. After finding information that 1 person in 10 will experience either very high blood pressure or very low blood pressure and given my history of hypersensitivity to drugs, I am thinking that I have no other alternative than to get off the fentanyl patch.
7.5mg I truly didn 't find very helpful at all...I probably could have taken 3 tylenol 's and got the same relief.
somewhat helpful with the flashes, pricing is out of control, was paying 55, 60 65 and today 86.
Red, raised skin, itchy and uncomfortable reaction at each site to adhesive that was lasting for a week - so not only site with a patch but also from the previous patch. Dry mouth, dizziness and nausea but yes reduced need to run for  the bathroom just the side effects starting causing as many problems as it was meant to be solving.
I did not like this birth control and i 'm switching after I complete this pack. I experienced constant nausea at the beginning of each pack and randomly throughout the pack. I would wake up in the middle of the night with a horrible feeling that I was gonna throw up. (I also have a sensitive stomach) I thought my body was still getting use to the hormones but I continued for more than 3 months and nothing 's changed. I would get horrible mood swings a couple hours before and after I took the pill. I 've gained weight on it and the worst of all I spot every month at the beginning of the second week. It sometimes lasted for up to 7 days. My period is very light only 2 days but I didnt want that, it 's made me paranoid every month.
Am having the runny nose, flu like symptoms, frequent urination and horrible diarrhea. This is the only change that has taken place. I left Flexeril and changed to this. 
Insurance would no longer cover Oseni which was working great. Suggested this one. Stomach is a mess. Was up all night wanting to throw up and with severe chills. Did keep my blood sugar between 90-120 but I just want to die.
I was given this pill to take because I stopped having a period for 6 months.   Put me on this for 10 days and the very first day of taking a pill I spotted.     Then light period for 5 days. Then the next month.   No period. So started taking the pills again.  Not till the LAST pill was there blood.  It was light at first for  3 days, now I have been bleeding So heavy non stop! I&rsquo;ve been bleeding 10 days straight!  Is something wrong? Called my doctor and they were &ldquo;busy&rdquo; said call back.  Never did I can&rsquo;t stand that office
I was so optimistic when i got the nexplanon implant. I wanted it to work for me so bad, but now, 7.5 months after insertion I am STILL bleeding. I love that i have no pill, no worries, and no babies, but the bleeding has gotten out of control. I am calling my doctor today to have it taken out and to get mirena instead.
Bad side effects (or what I would consider bad side effects and not to be tolerated) - 71 year old female, 58 kgs:   been taking 500 mg a day for approx 2 and a half months.  Recently experienced fever, chills, headaches, muscle aches, extreme tiredness, lack of appetite - enough that I could not function and spent days in bed.  Waited 5 days, took another dose and was back in the same position the next day.  Decided to stop medication for next few weeks.  Blood test due in 2 weeks and see Specialist in December.
I started this medicine almost 2 weeks ago. I don 't feel as depressed but I feel most days that I 'm walking around with my head in a fog. Some stomach issues but nothing major(mostly gas). I will give it a few more weeks but after reading some of the people 's comments may stay at 20mg until I see my doctor again.
I used to take Viagra on occasion and it worked great. I even was able to split 50mg in quarters. Doc recommended Cialis at 2.5mg first. Took for 2 week no results. Then he gave me 5mg and he said I can take up to 4 5mg at a time. Still no where near the firmness of Viagra. It took hours to start working and firmness would last about 5 minutes. I could get hard again but I 'll lose it fast. Goes to show not all meds work for all.
When I first began diamox I felt hopefully as the previous medication didn 't work (topamax). At first, I felt so much better,then my dosage was increased. Once my dosage was increased I started breaking out in hives (in upper body) turns out I am allergic to it. I 'm currently on the lowest dose to hold me over until I can get a shunt.
I started Ortho Tri-cyclen Lo on May 19th but I got my period on May 3 and since I started the pill I missed my June period and I 've been experiencing heartburn, nausea, weakness/fatigue sometimes bloating. Makes me feel pregnant, my breast didn 't change much. The fact that it throws your hormones off my sex drive is finally low.
Been on and off anti depressants for 10 years (still can 't believe it). Tried Paxil and currently take 10 mg of Lexapro.  Still do not feel well.  I find running helps me more than anything but I fear the day the running is too much. I 'm 40 and in otherwise good health, but I feel pretty lousy almost every single day.  I am happy to read about people doing well on medication, but all I get from it is dizziness/lightheaded.  Still optimistic about one day looking back at this nightmare in disbelief.  Until then.
Since switching to Bystolic from atenolol I have experienced my arms falling asleep at night and light headedness. Coreg CR made me cloudy in thinking, felt like a rubber band was around my chest, and I didn 't feel as calm as when I was taking atenolol. I switched from atenolol to Coreg CR so I could overcome the wall I would hit while pushing cardio-excercise to the limit. I felt great everyday all day long on atenolol.
I 've been on Prozac for just about 3 months. At first I did not notice a difference for about a month then I started feeling more energized for a few weeks however the weight is going on as fast as grass grows.I 'm seeing my doctor today and need to switch. I 've even been working out, walking and have been more active. The weight gain is awful, at least for me.
I was on Yaz for 5 months. I 'm normally a really upbeat happy person. It turned me into an absolute monster. Very angry, all the time. I noticed it about two weeks after taking it.  The only good thing about it was that I experienced no hair loss, no weight gain. 
I went on nexplanon after experiencing depression and crying spells while on numerous birth control pills. I was happy that nexplanon is very convenient because you don 't need to remember to take it each day like the pills. However, I have a history of cystic acne and went on accutane several years ago. Around the second month of being on nexplanon, I was breaking out on my shoulders and neck (which are areas that I haven 't broken out in for years). I also had a lot more breakouts on my face. I noticed that my skin was much more oily as well. I would not recommend this to anyone who has struggled with acne in the past or is currently struggling with it.
So.. I have had skyla now for a year and by far one of the most disappointed BC I 've had. I have had the pill, depot, para guard, and now this... It was painful for me when I had gotten it placed and cramped for days. They told me my period would get lighter and eventually go away... I 've never taken so many pregnancy test in my life! And I have 2 children!! I never gotten cramp really bad before but with this I get cramps at least 2 weeks before my period when it decides to come on time... I 've gotten it up to 2 weeks late on this stupid thing. And at one point I do believe I was pregnant and ended up miscarrying before getting into the Dr. Office to confirm. I give it another month of this horrible cramping!!
I started taking Cymbalta a year ago. Side effects - nausea and pain in stomach. This was with 30mg. Doctor recommended 60mg. It really worked but after about 4 months I just could not afford it so my doctor prescribed Celexa. I used that for several months. I noticed that my usual mild lower back pain returned. (I suffered no withdrawal symptoms). I got back on Cymbalta 2 months ago.  
This drug is making me pee constantly; its really intolerable. I checked my urine...indeed now positive for sugar. But this is the symptom most diabetics seek treatment for!
I am experiencing the following side-effects: Breast enlargement, reduction of size of testicles, complete ED, multiple hot flashes hourly, and a mental fog that prevents clear thinking.  These were all expected side effects and came as no surprise.  Additional unexpected side effects include: rapid pulse rate, elevated BP, breathlessness, short term memory loss, extreme and uncontrollable emotional outbursts (uncontrollable crying over minimally emotional issues), and sleep deprivation (1-2 hours total sleep which could account for the emotional issues).  Of additional concern are anecdotal statements by others claiming no reduction of any side effects even after years of removal from follow-up injections of Lupron. My concern is great enough to request suspension of this drug, even at the cost of an elevated PSA with a corresponding resurgence of the cancer.  I know there are additional drugs I can take to counteract some of these side-effects, but I would rather not complicate the situation with even more medication. My PSA stands at .3 as of this writing, and I would withdraw my request were it to increase to 4.0, however continued living with this nightmare drug is not my idea of life.
I had a high fever and was treated with Augmentin for a sinus infection but it turned into pneumonia.  I was given Levaquin for 14 days 500 mg.  It helped the pneumonia but it is hard on your stomach and I have now developed plantar fascitis.
This started out as a great experience. I was on Lexapro but due to the decreased sexual desire wanted to try something else.The first three months felt great, no improvement on the sexual aspect however.  Then the side effects started and it was terrible. Started with constipation, which I was able to put up with. The legs hurting and cramping was another story. As long as I was active I had no problem. Go on a trip and it was hell. My legs would hurt like crazy. Then at night in bed if I turned over I got leg cramps in my thighs.OH and the DREAMS! So real, vivid and weird.Expensive!
BLEAH! This stuff was foul tasting, and while I was able to get down the first dose, which I took at 6 p.m., my body wasn 't having anything to do with finishing the second dose, which I started at 6 a.m. I had just finished the third glassful, and promptly threw up. No heaves; just opened my mouth and it left in a hurry. Now I 'm due for another colonscopy, since obviously prep for the first one didn 't work, and I 'm going to try to take Suprep. Wish me luck.
I was on this pill for 4 years. The side effects were pretty bad. I 'd get migraines. I 'd cry a lot. I became paranoid about things. Had severe anxiety. Was depressed a lot. Pretty much things that I never felt before until I got on this pill. Very effective in preventing pregnancy but would otherwise not recommend.
I 've always had issues falling asleep so I started taking this pill a couple months or a year ago. The first month or two it helped me fall asleep and wake up early - simple as that, no problems. After a while I started to build up a tolerance (I guess) and I couldn 't really fall asleep when I took it. If I unintentionally stayed up for more than ~3 hours after I took the pill I would start getting weird side effects. Like I felt like I was going crazy. The worst was when I was trying to sleep it felt like  'ghost ' hands were touching my body or something...crazy...I know. In addition, I would find my self looking at weird shit on the internet, or thinking strange thoughts. Most of the time I took the pill I would have gaps in my memory.
I started taking this pill two years ago and a few months after I started it I wanted out. I noticed I was gaining weight very fast and was breaking out with acne on my back. I tried everything for the weight gain figuring it might have been eating habits and the fact that I 'm in my 20s now and my body is changing but nothing helped!! I gained about 20 pounds in the past 2 years and have finally had enough and made my gyno switch me to something else (she also insisted it was my eating habits and not the pill numerous times which is why I stayed on it for so long) my friend was also on the same pill for years and gained even more than I did.
I inserted it due to excessive bleeding. It was torture putting it in and I spent the remainder of the day in bed. Periods stopped after 3 months. I was a reasonably fit boot camper. I went from being able to run 2km without a rest to not able to run 100m without ventolin virtually immediately after the insertion. It took me over a year to question the Mirena. I talked to my GP and we tested if I had developed asthma coincidentally. I am not an asthmatic. I asked my GP to remove it. She couldn 't locate the strings. I had to visit a gyno (took 12mths to get the courage) who fished around with her tool to locate the string and remove it. I put on weight, even while exercising. I developed fat around my waist. I regret getting it.
This is the 4th colonoscopy I have had. I WILL NEVER PREP WITH MOVIPREP again. Tastes like moldy salt water with a twist of moldy lime. I literally gagged trying to get this down and yes I used a straw. It is expensive!If you have an early morning appointment, you are up 1 a.m. (For me) to do Part 2. No prep experience is pleasant, MoviPrep is disgusting.
This was a good drug for the first couple of years of taking it. Unfortunately, I did not consult my doctor before I stopped taking it.  Huge mistake!  I highly recommend seeing your doctor before you stop taking this. DO NOT quit cold turkey like I did.  I felt like I was going insane, had mood swings were horrible and couldn 't sleep. 
I have been on birth control for over 16 years now.  I started with pills at 18 then Depo shot for 5 years, and now back to pills.  I was on Seasonique and was okay. I switched Gyno and to help with copay she recommended Jolessa.  I tried it and have been on it for almost 6 months now.  I have been PMS 'ing since I started.  Breasts are constantly sore, severe mood swings, headaches and not to mention 10 pounds weight gain.  I have always exercised and eat right.  I am definitely switching!
I was on Paxil when I was 15. I think for about a year it was okay because of the numbness but soon you start feeling horrible because you have no feelings at all. You can 't cry or nothing. I don 't think its a good medicine for depression. I think it 's better for social anxiety since there is no feeling at all. The other worst part was the weight gain. 
Was having some trouble with the pill i was on for a year and switched to the shot.  The first three months were great! No weight gain/acne and I felt great. After about two and a half months, I began to start bleeding and having severe cramps, so much so I could not stand up straight. At the height of my cramps, I discovered my body had shed my entire uterine lining at one time and it was the most frightening and gross thing I had seen. After the three months had finished, I had my period for seven weeks and am finally back on my regular schedule! Never again will I use this shot!
Started off loving this form of bc. Had a period about a week after insertion and then nothing for about 5 months.  My face cleared up (Also seeing a dermatologist) and not thinking about taking a pill daily was great.  After 5 months I started noticing spotting more.  A day here and there nothing major.  Then every other week I started having periods and they became longer and heavier each time. My acne was back constantly and my dermatologist pretty much said she was out of options for me.  I became very irritable and hateful towards everyone.  Didn 't want to do anything but sleep and cried a lot.  My ob believes I was in a constant state of pms and we decided it was best that I get it removed.  Feeling better already!
I was 20 when I started staking Strattera. As far as focusing yes, I was completely focused and motivated all day! If I was sitting still I would have to pull out my phone and play a game to keep my mind moving. However the side effects were absolutely terrible! I was constantly sweating and if I wasn 't sweating I had chills! I began suffering from insomnia. I have constant dry mouth and headaches. The worst side effect by far was what it did to my menstrual cycle. It gave me a EXTREMELY heavy and very crampy cycle. It also made my very regular cycle completely irregular. The side effects made it not worth it at all.
My Implanon was inserted 4 months ago. At first I loved it. It was practically painless to have put in, I did have a little bleeding but not much, no weight gain at all. However, in the last month or two, I have had serious mood swings, crying spells, and have been extremely sad. I thought this may have been due to stress, but after reading many of these reviews I feel my moods may be due to the Implanon. They are unbearable. I am sick of being sad all the time and it is causing problems with my relationship with my boyfriend. Besides the major mood changes, Implanon was good for me.
I had first infusion with no problems during administration but 2 weeks after I had to go to the E.R. with a heart arrhythmia and had to have my heart shocked back into normal rhythm. Two days later had second infusion with no problems during administration. 2 weeks later same thing...back to the E.R....heart shocked back into rhythm . Heart rate was stuck at 150 bpm. Had to be put in hospital for 4 days to be given an anti - arrhythmic drug that can also cause a fatal arrhythmia. So I would be cautious if you have any type of heart problem prior to taking Rituxan. I will not ever take it again.
Either I 'm really a psycho or it just so happens I 'm all the sudden super emotional since I started taking this about  8 weeks ago.  Is anyone else experiencing this? I 've also been breaking out really bad.
(Background: hormonal adult acne, dry skin) I went on Epiduo when my acne started getting relatively moderate when I was around 21. I had read about the initial purge and was willing to stick it out. My face was raw, red, painful to touch, all moisturizers stung whether they were oil or water based, I couldn 't wear make-up and my acne was worse. I stuck it out for 4 months and convinced myself each week I was &quot;seeing results,&quot; but my acne was still moderate but I had a lot of new scars. Recently I got Neutrogena 's Rapid Clear Leave On Mask which is 2.5% BP you can apply up to 3x a day - no redness, barely any flakes, I truly believe I was intolerant to the adapelene or any inactive ingredients. Switch after 4 weeks if you don 't see results!
I 've been on Alesse for about 3 months and my acne is terrible and I feel depressed often. I 've had no spotting and very light periods though.
Synthroid is only one of the four hormones produced by the thyroid. So it produces about the expected mediocre result. For me it was worse than mediocre, it was horrible, leaving me essentially bed-ridden for almost 3 years. This company has a bad record, andpressure is put on Docs to use this stuff exclusively. Why aren 't we offered other options at the start??
I 'm 19 and had taken Concerta successfully since I was 14, but being in college I needed a medication that would last for longer than Concerta did. My symptoms have never been very bad, but definitely affected my work. My psychiatrist suggested Vyvanse, but it was hell. It worked about the same as Concerta, but it would wear off after about 6 hours, and I would collapse on the floor sobbing. Every night I would become extremely suicidal and angry, and after just a two weeks my relationships with everyone was at a breaking point. I went back to Concerta, and now take a small dose of Ritalin when it wears off. So much better.
I was on the shot for a little over 3 years I gained a total of 5 pounds being on the shot.  I got off the shot because it was ruining my teeth!  It had been awhile since I went to the dentist but when I went I was told I had 17 cavities. I was shocked! I bush my teeth everyday, I may not floss like I should, but 17? That 's not the worst part thought after they fixed all my teeth I go back a month later for a cleaning to find out I had gotten 7 more cavities.  How does this happen within a months time?  I finally realized it was the Depo-Provera after actually reading the paper the doctor gives you every time you get the shot.
Been on trulicity for 6 months. No diarrhea, but super constipation. Major Fatigue. I take 1000mg metformin (down from 2,000) daily, plus the weekly 1.5mg trulicity shot. A1C at 5.9, which is great. I lost about 8 lbs. Frankly, I 'm stopping it- bloating, cramping, and the constant fatigue is just not worth it. Time to get more active and eat right. It may be the hard way, but definitely the right way!.
I have taken Belviq for two weeks only lost 2 pounds. belviq has no effect on me I cut grass to help make extra money on the side. That 's the only time I see any weight lost. I was doing that before belviq this medicine has slow me down makes me tired. I execise less with belviq. I cant believe they want 200 hundred dollars for these pill not worth it. all diets if you exercise and eat right work with out the pills. Belviq don 't even curb my appetite. Very disappointing. the chest and body pain are scary.
Did help lower blood sugar, but caused constipation. I never built up to taking the full dose.
Unlike all the other comments I have read, I work at night and drive a Truck for a living. I go to work at Midnight and drive all night and into the next day. I heard about Nuvigil and went to my Doctor and he prescribed it to me. Of course the insurance company wanted an explanation to pay for it. I haven 't had much success with it, I guess because I only take it when I have a long night ahead of me. It has worked well for me about 1 out of 5 times. I will be talking to my Doctor and see if I need to take it everyday. But, with my schedule, shift work that varys and reversing my schedule when I am not working at night on my days off, is really different than most of what I have read on here. Maybe I need to find me a day job!
After only being on this medication for a short time for a L5 S1 back problem, it hasn 't helped at all. I get more relief from 800mg of ibuprofen. Have to wait 12 days to see a surgeon and God only knows how long before a surgery.  In constant pain and none of the medicines I have been given work. Guess I 'm just one of those that can 't be helped.
Did its job but made me lethargic.
I am on my second week of Contrave.  So far nothing. Zero. No help for my hunger/cravings whatsoever.  If anything I am eating more.  I lost weight on Phenfen but I can 't sleep at all so I went off.I really hope this kicks in because I am up 2 pounds since I started it.Fingers crossed.
Was extremely constipated for about a week decided to take ducolax because I was desperate. Took 2 about 9:00 this morning with water didn 't feel anything until about 3:00 I started having bad cramps so I went to the bathroom could only relieve myself of a few hard pieces this is how it was for hours with the pain getting worse and worse with nausea sweating dizziness I kept thinking I was going to faint so I took one more pill because I thought I was too constipated and it wasn 't working that was a bad idea layed in the fetal position crying due to the pain.. around 7 I finally had a bm (diarreah) and again at 920 but I 'm still cramping bad and I 'm completely cleaned out but am sitting on the toilet because I 'm in pain
I 've been on it for 6 months and the constant diarrhea and nausea is getting to me.  I need to call my doctor to find a alternative.
While new to depakote, I 'm not really sure this med is helping my bipolar disorder. I was on lithium er for five years and life was good, no night terrors, no mania, low level depression events at times and I was nice or cordial with people but tremors got so bad couldn 't do much of anything   With the depakote the night terrors are horrific at best, think I 'm rapid cycling, mania appears out of the blue and depression I don 't want to think about. Is it the dosage or that I 'm new to depakote. Any insight appreciated
At first it was great my period stopped completely until it started and lasted for two weeks. I became emotional and even little bit crazy. I never really cried until I got on this birth control but then I found myself crying at everything &amp; I lost my tempor very easily. Then I began to have horrible chest pains, mainly at night, that would keep me awake and it felt like heart burn but much worse. Then I began experiencing very bad anxiety along with depression.Ive had very bad headaches constantly along with feeling like I was pregnant all the time. Then within 5 months I lost complete interest in sex... Like 0. I even felt disgusted with the idea of sex. I do not recommend this birth control at all it 's awful &amp; I can 't wait to get it out
I have battled with scoliosis for 15 years and have been given all kinds of nsaids to help with the pain..This was the most recent and it has done nothing for the pain I 'm experiencing.
doesn 't stop the nerve pain on my foot
I had this tablet prescribed to me to take for three days, twice a day to prevent bladder infection. The tablet made me go yellow,vomit, lose my appetite and generally made me feel really bad. I still have a bladder infection so I wouldn 't recommend it
It worked (as far as I know so far) but to me it wasn 't worth all the side effects. Had unprotected sex a couple of days after my period ended with my partner and he came half inside and half out by accident. I took plan b one step within a few hours and didn 't feel much the first day or so. Fast forward a week and I 'm bleeding like a regular period but worse than that I 've been having horrible migraines, nausea &amp; hot flashes that won 't go away &amp; I 'm having a hard time doing anything because of this. It 's reminding me of when I was pregnant not too long ago but honestly the symptoms I had during pregnancy we 're easier than these symptoms...which makes me wonder..is this actually working or am I pregnant again?Won 't be taking it again
I am on opoids for chronic back pain. Used Miralax and Metamucil but was bowel movements irregular and felt like I was emptying out was backing up. Tried 25mg on empty stomach at 3pm yesterday for first time. Started having cramps. Called my doc and added a suppository. Twenty minutes later had massive BM over 30 minutes. None after that. This morning, woke up in withdrawal, cold, nausea, abdominal cramps, horrible pain and feeling lousy. Odd as my last pain med dose was six hours before, and I do not get withdrawals that quickly. My morning pain meds fixed withdrawals but was still in significant pain until 1pm after second pain med dose at 12. Seems to decrease pain reducing effects of opiods.
I have had 2 children and have tried almost all methods of birth control. I really liked the Nuvaring. I used it for about 2 years and prior to my 2nd child for 1 year. I recently noticed that I couldn 't accurately place it in me, or it would slide out all the time, and I had zero sex drive. My mood swings weren 't bad, my periods were regular but it became uncomfortable. I have since switched over and trying something new.
Hey, I 'm a 20 y/o Medical Assistant (Internal Medicine), After being on Strattera for about 2 months, and even though I complain about my pts not battling through side affects to achieve benefit, I as well, failed to reach the finish line. I Re-Starting Strattera 4 months later, I think I finally figured out why this medicine is so difficult for me. I have come to realize that this medication is relatively a &quot;Shock Collar&quot; more or less. Strattera doesn 't actually &quot;Help&quot; my symptoms but yet, &quot;Shocks me&quot; (Punishes me) when my symptoms show through. Every time I get distracted, or overly excited, start mono-logging thoughts in my head, etc. the side affects flare up. I dont know if this is true for everyone, but it is what i have noticed.
Going to Zonegran from Trileptal, still waiting for the headaches etc from the Trileptal to go away.
I 'm taking this Bc I got switched onto it from a different one .. I 've been so moody my boyfriend and I have been going through a rough time because  of my moods.. we used to have sex 3-5 days a week now I don 't want him to even touch me.. It 's basically ruined our relationship , the pill isn 't great and doesn 't help acne at all
I 've been taking lexapro for depression and anxiety for the past 3 or so months. at first I saw a change in my mood and anxiety levels, and my anxiety overall is a bit better. I don 't know whether i need to talk to the doctor about upping my dosage or about taking another medication on the whole. Anyone else have or had this problem with lexapro?
So I started this yesterday after being on trazadone that wasn 't working anymore, I 'm on it for ptsd and chronic aniexty.I took my first one last night and it took about 10 mins to fall asleep, I am on 150mg I woke up today and I have never felt so terrible, I felt like a zombie, I could barely string a sentence together. The day went on and I was still feeling terrible with dizzy spells, then I had a major hot flush felt violently sick and could barely stand, I decided to lie day, after what felt like a few seconds I passed out, and was having extremely vivd dreams (very creepy) I woke up a few hours later and felt slightly better, I know it takes a while to get used to them, but I wasn 't expecting that, hopefully tommorow won 't be as bad
I 've been on Bupropion 150 SR once a day for 8 days. So far I 'm only feeling side effects; dry mouth, sweating, jaw clenching. It has not lifted my depression or energized me. Celexa and Zoloft used to work for me but then slowly stopped working. I 'll try to stick it out for a few more days. I was really hoping that this med would work for me. I feel that I may be drug-resistant to A/Ds. I also take 1 mg Klonopin to sleep and to lower anxiety.
I am only on week 2 so I myself need to bare with it..I 've so far noticed a dramatic appetite increase, irritability and a slight headaches... I can only hope this goes away!!
I just started my 3rd pack of Norethindrone. It 's much better than the combo pill I used to take because that made me gain 15 pounds, cry constantly, and give me mood swings.The first month wasn 't bad but these last few weeks have been awful. I 've bled for at least 20 days out of this month. Sometimes it 's light spotting and then sometimes it 's heavy DARK blood within days of my normal period ending. I 'm constantly paranoid I 'm going to bleed through my clothes and having to wear a tampon constantly is annoying and expensive. I 've also noticed that my breasts are larger which yeah is kinda nice but none of my bras fit and the past few weeks they 've been constantly tender. I 'm giving it one more month.
I have had a reaction to this medication both times we have tried it with fast heart rate, hypotension, and nausea and vomiting. My symptoms were a little better after starting with Benadryl and Phenergan. I was taking Berinert on  basis of about once a week depending on swelling. I didn 't have a reaction at all with this medicine. My doctor has suggested that we go back to using the Berinert.
I was taking this pill for PCOS and heavy periods, and also birth control. While it helped my period become regular (which is very, very nice), and I guess lightened my period (but not by much), the side effects are just too much. I 've never had such intense breast pain in my life (I even tested for pregnancy to be sure I wasn 't missing something), acne that I never had even as a teenager has been plaguing me, and my mood swings are awful. I switch from happy to angry and depressed within minutes, which isn 't like me at all. I 'm moving off this pill thank the Lord.
I 'm 19 years old and these are my first birth control pills. I definitely hate these pills right now. I completed my first week today and it 's been hell. I take my pills at 7 PM everyday. I get minor stomach aches which makes me feel uneasy. By time 12 AM comes around I am throwing up every meal I ate for the day. I have also been losing more hair than normal but it was minor amounts. I saw other people mention hair loss but I didn 't think it would be me.
I have been on NuvaRing for 5 months.  Within a month I noticed a decrease in my sex drive, and I 've had vaginal dryness which makes sex painful.  Bad sex has effected other parts of my life.
I have struggled with endometriosis and polycystic ovarian syndrome- so being put on the pill wasn 't much of an option for me, I needed something to control the unbearable pain for it was really limiting my life. Since I began Seasonique over a month ago- I have had painful stomach aches that seem to be worst for the first few hours after I wake up. My emotions have been off the wall, everything is making me cry- I am easily agitated, and haven 't felt like myself. I don 't feel depressed- just irritated and emotional most days. I think the worst side effect has been the explosive diarrhea that sneaks up on me- embarrassing. This has never happened to me before, and now it 's at least once a day an urgent run to the bathroom is needed.
I got the Skyla inserted a week ago and it was pretty rough. The actual process of getting it in did not bother me but after I had awful cramps, felt nauseous and lightheaded. The cramps have not gone away but have lightened a little bit. The doctor said I was feeling pain because I have a &quot;sensitive uterus&quot; and have never had kids. Haven 't bled at all though which is nice.
This was my first birth control and I was on it for about a year. I took it to help lighten an regulate my ridiculously heavy period and it did just that. However it gave me terrible mood swings, spotting, and the final straw was my once thick hair became extremely thin. Though it did its original purpose, the side effects were just too much.
Mirena insertion was extremely painfully, but after having it in for almost 2 years, I had it removed due to the hormones causing extreme migraines. Since I had it removed, I have lost 10 pound (which during the time of insertion I gained 50lbs) and my acne has cleared up. 
It worked well at first. I was on 1 mg as needed after being diagnosed with M.S. I built a tolerance very quickly even though I was only taking 1 pill 2-3 days a week. Soon I needed 2 at a time, then 3 at a time just to slightly calm my anxiety and panic attack, not fully taking it away (at this time I had been on them approximately a year and a half). Even the first day that I started taking Ativan took 20-30 minutes to feel the effect. Anyone who has severe anxiety or panic attacks knows that is an unbearable amount of time to feel relief. I am now on 1 mg Xanax, which is a God send.
I had the Implanon implant for 3 years and loved it! Then I had that replaced with the Nexplanon which is the same exact implant just more visible in xrays and stuff, and I used it for a little over a year. I had high hopes for this implant but the only good thing that came from it was not getting pregnant, possibly because I barley wanted to have sex because I was on my period ALL THE TIME! I went to the doctor and she prescribed me a med to help regulate my periods and it still didn 't help. Just beware if you get this kind you may have your period all the time or it may go away completely if your lucky to be one of those people, I was not.
Spent first day sleeping and second too even though I ate something first. The nausea was awful. Third day and I 'm still not sure it 's working.
I have lower back pain and this medicine helps just a little. It does make me nod out a little right after taking. I was using Vicoden before and it worked much better for the pain and didn 't make me feel as strange as tramadol did but the doctor doesn 't want to give me Vicoden even though I have 2 fractured discs and a tear in my vertebrae. 
The pressure in my head is gone but I have been getting extreme nausea and fatigue since I started it 5 days ago.
I was on Ortho Eva for about 4months but I had to switch to Xulane. I haven 't had sex since I began Xulane so I don 't know how effective it is at preventing a pregnancy. I absolutely hate it, I 've broken out so much. While I was on OrthoEva my skin was clear and I loved it but now I have more acne &amp; I get white heads which are difficult to get rid of. Am I the only one with this side effect? Bye bye clear skin. By the way I 've been on Xulane for 3 1/2 months &amp; my skin has only gotten worst.
Horrible experience! First half of treatment was manageable but not pleasant. Day 8 was by far the hardest with extreme nausea, dizziness, heart flutters, bloat, and the usual diarrhea. For day 9 I battled with the thought of taking the pills for an hour. I felt like I was playing Russian roulette. Sitting here waiting for the agony. Day 10 can 't get here soon enough! However, I 'm thinking anyone who has undergone chemotherapy must think I 'm such a wimp!
if you want to try this drug, make sure you 're prepared to either stay on it forever or be able to take at least 1 month off from your life to try to get this out of your system. I 've been on other psychiatric drugs and I 'm all for them. They really help get you through rough episodes, therefore I 'm not a scathing anti drug, crunchy all natural person. However, I can say this is one nasty, nasty drug. I feel like I 've been dumping poison in my system for the last 2 years. 3 weeks tapering VERY slowly and the room still spins, I can 't move my eyes without intense brain zaps, and basically feel like a raging lunatic. If you 've tried many other drugs and they haven 't worked and this is a last resort then I say go for it, but with caution.
I started taking sprintec to control my spotting between periods and obviously as birth control. Im on the last week (the blank pills) and ive already seen my doctor to switch to a new birth control.  Since being on it i bled all 3 weeks on the regular pills and had worse spotting than before. My back cramps were consistant while on them, and my face started breaking out so bad, ive even had a few zits on my back which i normally never get. My friend is on ortho tri cyclen low and ill be switching to that immediately after this pack!! My boobs have also been very swollen and ive lost all sex drive whatsoever.
I 'm 19 and had sudden breakout. I went to the dermatologist and got prescribed to this. I follow the instructions every night. Some will go away and some will come back. It 's very difficult. I don 't know what 's going to pop up the next day. I talked to my dermatologist the other day and told him what I was going through and he said I might need something stronger. 
Helped with anxiety but made my depression worst
Once I got it put in, I immediately regretted it. I had a period 2 wks after I got it put in and it was the heaviest bleeding I 've had and to top it I had awful cramps. I never cramped during my regular menstrual cramps so this was weird.  At the end of my period I noticed chunks of tissue (I know TMI) coming out with my tampons. Talked to the doctor and she said it was normal to have it since my body wasn 't used to all the progesterone. So I kept it in but other symptoms followed-mood swings, depression, hair loss, back acne, low sex drive, continuous spotting, nightmares, low self esteem, pain in ovariesThe only good  thing I would say is that I don 't have to take a pill everyday and I haven 't gotten pregnant. But I do plan on removing it.
I started taking Kariva when Ortho Tri Cyclen Lo became too expensive for me.  I have been on Kariva for the past 4 years.  Positives: predictable 5 day periods, no acne, less moodswings. Negatives: weight gain (20 pounds), NO libido whatsoever.  I was able to deal with the side effects for 4 years(my poor boyfriend), and now I 've had enough. I 've stopped taking it, immediately lost 5 pounds, have a great libido again, and find it easy to track my period with P-Tracker app. 
This was easy to use and I experienced no side effects.  I will say that it did little to nothing to bring up my levels which remain around 200.  I am not sure that is the medicines fault, as I have been told that different people respond differently to various types of T replacement gels.  After about 2 years of not being able to get levels up to normal range, I am headed to look at pellet implants as a last course of treatment.
About 3-4 months of using this medicine I started to notice the way it effected my thinking. Things would come up in my life that would 've normally triggered my depression. However when these things happened, I felt a fake sense of relief. I felt like I wanted to be upset about these things that were happening, but my brain wouldn 't let me. It felt unfamiliar and unlike myself. It was as though I could feel a whole layer of feelings that I was unable to express. My doctor switched me over to Zoloft and I 'm noticing better results.
This statin cause extreme pain in my knee and hip.
It was great to bring the viral load quickly to undetectable but otherwise it was not a great experience. Was on it for about 8 months.. Head aches, fatigue, weirdest dreams, irritability, depression and almost commit suicide. Got off that drug and a few days later I started to feel like myself again...
Used after hip surgery nerves involved
I am 31 male. Just figured out, I have ET. I could not take propanolol due to asthma. Doctor prescribed 1/4 of 250 mg primidone (mysoline) at bed time at night. I had horrible side effects next morning. Head spinning sensation plus nauseated all day long. Hands felt numb. Tremor was controlled though by some amount. But too much side effect to continue. Doctor changed it to topiramate. Today is first day, i am taking topiramate.
I have only been on this med for a week. No lbs lost on the scale, but my belly seems flatter and coworkers say I look thinner. I have a BMI of 30 which may be why it will take me longer to lose the weight. I 've had severe nausea, moderate abdominal discomfort and heartburn. I 'm going to try protein shakes in the am as some folks here have suggested. On the downside my insurance  (which by all standards is fantastic), will not cover Saxenda. So, I paid $1100 out if pocket for the first month. I must be desperate! Guess I 'll see how it continues to go. Good luck to everyone! Obesity sucks and I 'm tired of bring the chubby girl for 46 years! :(
I had Nexplanon implant put in in September 2013, a week after it was put in, I started spotting and it hasn 't stopped since.  I 've noticed that my hair has become greasy and that I breakout more. If the spotting stops in the next month or two, I would rate this even higher. Its not impossible to live with, just annoying.
I have taken every birth control know to man, and this one was the only one I could tolerate for nausea, and upset stomach. Although, after being on it for several months, I have re occurring consistent UTI 's at least one every two months, Acne on my back (I have NEVER had acne), horrible mood swings, significant hair loss, lack of energy, headaches, suicide thoughts and horrible anxiety. I was so conflicted, and second guessed my side effects with this pill, after getting off of it, all of those symptoms were gone. Ladies, it 's NOT worth it.
COULD NOT STOP EATING! After taking Ritalin for about 1 month, I noticed a strong desire to snack. Just munch on anything; crackers, peanut butter, carrots. Whatever was around. It was like the constant munchies. Then the snacking turned into constant eating after another month. A constant desire to eat in order to feel good. It was as if I didn 't feel well, and only eating would take the edge off. So about 2 months and 10 pounds later, I switched to Adderall. Why this made me eat like mad I 'll never know...
I got this after my son was born. I got it put in mid-Nov 2012.  I had a short one half month without a period, on and off regularly for one month and now I have had one for going on two months.  I am always tired which could be the new baby but he is pretty much the best part of my life so I don 't know about that. My hair also fell out but that is also a sign of coming off the prenatal vitamins. I am increadably moody. I fell disengaged at work. I have not had a problem losing weight on Weight Watchers since I started it but I do eat much less now
Not sure if it 's working either, following directions for how $$ it is. I use to do Electrolysis which didn 't do much either;   she said not to pluck b/c it would reopen the now cauterized blood supply for the hair follicle; but idk if I should pluck for the $$ cream to get to the follicle? I also have to apply it to my &quot;happy trail&quot; and around my nipples my Doc said it 's ok to use there. I 'm applying rubbing alcohol to clean it better?? ALSO I apply to my beard minus rub alcohol SO I have to be very sparingly w/it. I also tried for a rebate,  &gt;:[ , not fair, not covered by insurance..coupon ideas any one. Are there generics and do they work?
I took this medicine before bed and within 3 hours I got a severe sore throat and I felt like I had sometime lodged in the back of my mouth.  The following morning I woke up to a very sore jaw and it hurts to open my mouth. The sore throat is still bad, however its not as severe as it first was.  I only took one of the doses, so I do not know what would happen if I kept taking it (don 't know how well it would treat the UTI). I 've never had an allergic reaction to any other medicine.
My experience taking suboxone was the complete opposite of what I thought it would be. I always viewed suboxone as the lesser of two evils between methadone because suboxone contains naloxone so you technically can 't get &quot;high&quot;. Not that I have anything against people who choose methadone as their recovery route, I have actually tried methadone In the past to actually get high and well... I succeeded lol. When I started taking suboxone I got really bad side effects after the first month of taking it. I would severely sweat to the point I wanted to bash my head thru a wall. It was so rough on my body. But my maintenance program doctor just said it was &quot;withdrawals&quot; because when you take the pill every day I guess you 're technically withdrawling from the one you took the day before due to the long half life on suboxone. So his idea was to up my dose to 12 mg to see if the sweating would go away (I didn 't see the logic in that idea too). Anyways it didn 't so he tossed me some clonodine, which helped a little. But the side effects kept adding up such as headaches, severe constipation to the point I had to use daily enemas (not normal), abdominal pains came too along with nausea and vomiting (every day). It just got to the point where my mind and body couldn 't be on the medication anymore. I was on it for 7 long months months even trying to ween myself down on my own. That was a struggle too seeing how the withdrawals from suboxone are supposedly worse than heroin sickness, which my doctor and counselor kindly reminded me after I was already hooked. It was a messy time in my life. Suboxone gave me severe anxiety which left me buying benzos off the street just to mellow me out. I went to a weekly suboxone maintenance program on purpose. To get piss tested weekly and to have a doctor and counselor help me move forward. But instead I felt I was moving 10 steps back. My only option to get off the suboxone (which was my choice, ^obviously); was to get the vivitrol shot and have 3 bad days of sickness but be off suboxone. Took me a week to build myself up to do it because I was terrified of how bad the sickness was gonna be. Choosing the vivitrol shot had to be the best worst idea I have ever made. I did get violently sick after it but it went away. Plus my doctor who gave me the shot helped me out with some comfort meds, so it wasn 't all that bad. That was in December 2015 that I 've received the shot and have been clean since. So my advice for any addict whose struggling on which route to take for recovery, just get the shot. They 'll give comfort meds for the first couple days, then after that you 'll be shackle free from drugs. I 'm tellin ya, choose vivitrol if you need to detox. For others who take suboxone for other reasons such as pain or etc. power to you; but if ya 'll are struggling out there and want to get sober quick, vivitrols the answer. Methadone and suboxone will just make you sicker down the road.
I was previously on alese and transferred to this pill to control my acne. I have found many side affects to this pill such as weigh gain, breast enlargement and severe nausea. The nausea is my main problem as I hate feeling like that and throwing up in general so I am sceptical to keep on this pill.
I have been on Yaz for over a year now. At first it was great, my skin cleared up, my periods were regular, light and short and my moods varied only slightly. After about the first 5 months however, everything started going wrong. I have constant heartburn, I 've gained 10 lbs., I 'm tired all the time, my acne has returned and I 've been spacey and forgetful. Worst of all are my periods. The week before and throughout my period my moods are ALL over the place, I 'm irritable and easily upset which isn 't like me. I 'm getting severe cramps, migraines and I get really nauseous when I 'm on my period, which are heavier now than they ever were and last usually about 8 days, last month it lasted 11! Everyone 's different, but this isn 't for me.
Our 8 year old son started Intuniv the other day having been recently diagnosed with ADHD. His behavior during the day was definitely much less impulsive than ever, and he napped at 5pm (1mg administration at 9am). He awoke complaining of an upset tummy but ate dinner anyway. 2am &amp; 5am vomiting. Poor kid. He doesn 't know it 's because of his new  'Vitamin '. Does the vomiting  go away? Is there a way to preempt the nausea? We gave him plenty of water and healthy snacks when he was hungry...not up for doing this to him if this pattern sustains.
All I can remember of taking this drug are the side effects. It became difficult to walk two miles in the morning, the distance I could swim comfortably slowly reduced and my legs started to swell. Between starting treatment and my next visit to the doctor was three months. He was very surprised. This drug has an excellent reputation for the treatment of type 2 Diabetes but take care.
After being allergic to all mesalamine drugs, remicade, and built up antibodies against Humira I was hopeful after my 4th treatment that I was finally in remission. Then the morning of my 5th treatment I go into the doctors office. About 15 minutes after my IV started I began to feel really light headed. I had a tight chest and my whole body felt heavy. This out of body feeling came over me and I was fixated on one spot of the room. Next thing I know I wake up to EMTs over me saying I had unresponsive pupils with hives. They said I was unresponsive to everyone around..I don 't remember anything else until I got to the ER. If you start to feel dizzy-tell the nurse right away! Good luck to everyone.
I 've taken these as needed and every time I have to prepare myself for being &quot;uncomfortable&quot; and prepared by not leaving the house for at least 4-5 hours. I have to say it will make you go however the next 3-5 hours are unpredictable. I 've experienced some withdrawal type feelings as well as anxiety/ restlessness. I keep this medication on hand incase I really need it to &quot;go&quot;.  I may take 1/2 of a dose and see if I can get a more gradual BM.
Seemed to help at first but now it doesnt seem to work as well. I 've been on it 3-4 months now. It 's very expensive. I 'm with United HC and its $60 a month.
i took two last week and my stomach hurts now with a throbbing headache i don 't like the side effects my whole body was in pain. i stopped taking it.
When I first started taking Lexapro it made my depression even more severe. Then after being on it for several weeks I became a zombie.  No, I wasn 't depressed anymore but I couldn 't feel happy either. And it also made my night terrors much worse.
I took the depo shot twice, one shot every 3 months, right after highschool. While I did not get pregnant i gained 50 pounds. I had always been a tiny person. I was 100 pounds when I graduated and after that 6 months I was 150. No change in diet and I was actually more active. AFTER I decided to get off of it I was unable to lose the weight and I didn 't get my period for 9 months and was not abe to get pregnant for a year and 9 months, which actually was failed (blighted ovum) and I finally am pregnant 2 and a half years later. All from 2 shots. My whole life I had very regular light periods.  After the shot they were random and fluctuated in flow from heavy to only spotting.  I would never recommend this birth control.
After 8 weeks on Lialda, it did not clear up the blood, still had abdomen tenderness, and caused me to have diarrhea. I did get a discount card which brought the cost down to $10. If you like this medicine, you should go to their website and see if you can get this card. I got it from my MD.
Wow. It sure did the job.  No pregnancies because I lost my sex drive and became dry. I don 't do any drugs nor smoke.  And I had mood swings that were insane.  Once, I got to the point were I couldn 't go to sleep at night and went through my boyfriend 's phone and accused him of cheating. So just please beware and if others are noticing symptoms, I hope they speak out because I didn 't come to terms with it until I reached a scary point.
I 've recently stopped using Spiriva because I was worried about the side effects.  The final deciding factor was my optometrist telling me that I had high eye pressure (possibly a precursor to glaucoma).  I have also had red eyes ever since being on it.Other symptoms since being on it are trouble urinating with force (not able to pee fast when in a hurry),  chest pains daily, muscle pains in front lower legs, constipation and losing my voice or hoarseness. I value my sight above all else so I will make do with salbutamol instead.Since quitting it two weeks ago my eye pressure is now normal again, my eyes are not red, the chest pains are gone, the hoarseness gone, and am gradually getting my bladder muscle control back.
I got the Nexplanon in January of this year (2015). I have been bleeding ever since-8 months later. I 've also been experiencing some pretty bad acne, which I never had a problem with previously.  Exhausted all of the time. Needless to say it 's been a terrible experience.
I got Neplanon in August 2015. It is the first birth control I have ever had. After having it for a week I experienced spotting for about a month. I have absolutely no sex drive which sucks. I have the worst mood swings. I am grumpy all the time. I 've gained maybe 5-10lbs. My breasts are extremely tender all the time and have gotten bigger unfortunately (I prefer small boobs). I am considering getting it taken out. I 'd recommend this only because it does prevent pregnancy but the side effects are terrible.
I 've been on Zarah for about 6 months now, after switching from another pill. The good things I like about Zarah are that my acne has cleared up and I don 't have any super crazy side effects....however my period lasts for about 6-7 days and it 's very heavy the whole time...this is the worst my period has ever been. I also get a migraine for about 3 days straight when I get my period. Definitely thinking about switching because the 6-7 day period seriously sucks!!
I am a recovering heroin addict. I have been clean for 2 years. Prior to getting clean 2 years ago I tried to get off opiates while being prescribed suboxone. I believe that suboxone is very beneficial to get through withdrawal. My personal experience is that suboxone was just another replacement for my opiate addiction. It was just a substitute for my drug of choice. This time when I got clean I used suboxone for 5 days and then weened off completely. I am 100% clean from any mood or mind altering drugs. I don 't see the point in getting &quot;clean&quot; if I am going to be taking another drug to replace the old one. Yes, it is better then using street drugs. But you are lying to yourself if you think your truly clean.
I have taken Rebif (hated injections), Tysabri (loved) and Tecfidera.  I lasted 6 months on the drug after experiencing the flushing and feeling blah every day and 10 lbs weight loss which I can 't handle.  I was pulled off this past March after having a low White Blood Cell count.
Side effects of break through bleeding and little relief from thin tissue does not warrant the cost if over $300 with co-pay of $75. This is price gouging for a cream that should cost no more than $20 at the very most -- and I 'm being generous. Over priced meds are out of control. I won 't bother using Estrace anymore.
Before taking Chateal, I was on Sprintec for 9 years. I had a flawless experience with Sprintec, but when my health insurance ended I was left with Chateal. The first few months were fine, but over time I started spotting between periods more and more frequently. I was very careful about taking it at the same time every day, but still the spotting persisted. After just over a year on Chateal and about 6 months of spotting, I switched back to Sprintec a week ago and no spotting yet! Also, while on Chateal I felt down a lot of the time and had pretty bad anxiety. I 'd rather pay out of pocket for Sprintec than get Chateal for free. It kept me from getting pregnant though, so it works in that sense.
So I 've jut begun the seriquel drug to treat apparent Bipolar disorder,This drug has 110% assisted in my sleeping but thats also the issue,See I HATE sleeping through the day, but since taking this drug every night around 8:30pm I cannot seem to stay awake all day im either EXTREMELY tired and drowsy sleeping,  or I am EXTREMELY hungry, I cannot seem to stop my appetite,I have also noticed a strong increase in my aggressiveness I am usually a very calm person, however I have found myself getting angry and or sad at very little,I am contributing this to my current state of drowsiness, however even after a 18 hour shift at work i usually dont get angry,Now this is purely my opinion and my experience and I am yet to speak with my GP
Not effective for me. I 've been a migraine sufferer for 30 yrs and have relied mainly on Imitrex . My Neurologist has also been giving me BOTOX every 3 months for the past 6 yrs which has helped cut my attacks down immensely.However,  he thought maybe I should try Relpax for those migraines I do get and it has not been helping me at all. My Imitrex 100 ( or generic) would usually rid me of a migraine as long as I took it within the first 15 or so minutes of onset.  So , I guess I 'll stick with what 's worked for me.
I recently turned 51 yrs old and have been on Androgen for 2.5 months. Started at two pumps/day and T level went from 280 to 190. Increased dosage to 3 pumps for one month and level went up to 201. I am now applying 4 pumps/day and other than a slight increase in mood, see no results yet. I shower at night and have recently started to shower in the morning before applying the gel. Not sure if this will help. After reading so many positive results, I have to admit I am disappointed. 
Toujeo. 19 units at night. Two weeks off lantus solo starBlood sugars waking were 140,  now 200Nausea 15 minutes after injection. Lasts for two hours.Severe cramping and pain in feet ,calves, shoulders, and handsDiarrhea on and off through out the two weeksDizzinessBlurry vision in one eyeSwollen gumsHope this levels off quickly
I have been on this medication for about a year and I really do not like it.  Over the past 4 months I have had severe hot flashes and night sweats about 3 or 4 days before my  periods.  I have become very emotional (cry over the dumbest things) and now feel depressed.  I have an appointment this week with my GYN and will be changing to something different.
Hey guys, so I 'm on my 6th day of fluoxetine from completing a two day wash out period or cetalopram, I was on this for 2 years and I felt good apart from the first week of hell. I made the change due to weight I felt that it had to be the main reason. Now I 'm really  hoping so because I 'mNot feeling amamzing, I work up vomitting yesterday morning all day and yesterday was kind of ok but now this morning it 's back I 'm Lying down to try keep it down. I feel a little scared to leave the house but I know it 's the medication. No one knows around me what I 'm going through as there not the sort of people who would understand. Thinking of going to the gym or will this make it worse! Glad to see I 'm not alone out there!
My nine year old son was put on this for impulsivity, lack of ability to pay attention and retain things at school, and to help the &quot;spazzy&quot; moments. At first he was a walking zombie so we gave it at night. Eventually he was able to switch to taking it in the morning as his body got used to it. But still he would crash as soon as he got home from school. He says the medicine makes it hard for him to sleep in anymore even though he 's tired. He is less spazzy and can pay attention better. But I don 't know what to do about the emotional roller coaster we get from him being so tired from it towards the late afternoon or evenings. He just seems too sedated. I want him to be able to focus. But not be blah. It seems like it took his happiness.
Pain relief is limited and barely noticed. I take 1800 mg a day and still need 6 Percocet per day to get enough relief to function. I 've tried to stop the gabapentin and couldn 't do it without withdrawals. I have forgotten to take medicines with me while out for a long day and also had withdrawal symptoms which include severe stomach pain and diarrhea. 
I started this birth control because I wanted something low hormone. I was on it a few years ago then stopped, and when I started again a year later my doc put me on the same the one. This time it has cause a lot of problems for me though! I gained about 8 pounds in the first month, all in my midsection (boobs and stomach!). After working out and eating better I have lost most of it, but because of the fluctuation my boobs have started to sag and I 'm only 24! The biggest issue is that is has CAUSED acne in places I 've never had it before, most noticeably my neck. Not just my jawline or near my face, big cystic pimples on my neck and throat which are impossible to cover up!! I am switching to Yaz now and am hoping it will fix my skin.
I started on 100 mg to help with the sexual side effects of Celexa.  For the first five months, it worked great (April - September).  At the end of September through to October, I started to have memory and concentration problems.  I started to think I had done things and actually did not.  My last straw was when I &quot;know&quot; I sent an e-mail and eventually found out that I had not.  I &quot;remember&quot; typing and sending the e-mail, but it never happened.  I went to the doctor today and she took me off of it and because of the sexual side effects of Celexa, she started me on Zoloft.  I have tried Paxil in the past, but it gave me hallucinations.  Hope the Zoloft works.
I had my IUD inserted in February of 2015 (about 2.5 years ago). The insertion was fairly painless and quick. I had a lot of problems with hormonal birth control pills, so my doctor thought this would be a good alternative. The first 2 years with Skyla were pretty good. My periods were lighter, no weight gain, minor PMS. About 6 months ago, my PMS symptoms became almost unbearable. My acne has gotten much worse, and I am having PMS symptoms I haven 't had since my teenage years (before I started the pill). My periods are now lasting about 2 weeks with only 2 weeks in between. It 's a nightmare. My doctor told me she has had many complaints with Skyla and will be switching me to Mirena this month. Overall, would not recommend this IUD.
I had the IUD placed on August 27 so it 's only been a few days . But it seems like it 's been for ever . Ever since  they placed the IUD I 've experienced really bad cramping . The cramping is so bad it feels like I am having contractions . I hope they go away maybe it 's my body trying to get used to it who knows but if they cramping doesn 't go away I am going to have it removed . The pain is too much and I don 't think I can handle 10 yrs with this type of cramping . And after reading that so many people have gotten pregnant with it makes me think it 's pointless to even suffer with the cramping .
I 'm 17, I don 't really have pimples, But I do have clogged pores and minor black heads. I 've been using epiduo for about 2 weeks (prescribed by doctor)  and so far my face is itchy, dry, and I 'm breaking out (I don 't usually have break outs).  I 'm not impressed with the product
Only made a slight difference in coughing.  A bag of cough drops is more effective.
I have been taking Ambien for about 6 months, and it does the job very well. I generally take half of my 5mg pill a few nights/week. I have to take it and go directly to bed, or I have zero memory of what happens between taking it and falling asleep. The reason that I rate it so low is that I 've started to notice that I have hours of the next day (after taking it the night before) that I have absolutely no memory of. I 've sideswiped the guardrails in my car on the way to work and had no idea that I had done so until my husband asked what happened to the car. I had a very faint  'did I dream that or did it really happen ' recollection of it. I take it fairly early in the evening. 
My urinary tract infection symptoms were not nearly as painful as the side effects of this medicine. It cleared up the UTI in a day but by the second day, it was nausea, extreme fatigue, no appetite, joint and muscle pain, stomach pain and complete weakness, chills and fever. Pharmacist said it was probably the UTI. Now it 's day 5 and I 'm in agony. Stopping Macrobid and calling the doctor in the morning.
I really wish people didn 't rate their experience of having taken the pill for one day or less than one week, and here 's why: For my first week, I felt great, and no side effects whatsoever.  Then pretty much the day week 2 started, I was so nauseous I thought I had swine flu, so anxious I couldn 't breathe, and I can not stop crying.  It 's weird because when I was on Lexapro, which also sucked, there 's no way I could cry - I was totally robotic.  Anyways I also can 't sleep and I have headaches.  I am so, so upset about this because it 's like why did I get teased with that one week of clarity and then drop so much lower?
On Day 3 of a 7 day course at 1 tablet per day feeling better but have major coughing fits. Toilet experience is shocking like I have been eating Mexican or Indian food, very painful. Energy ok, no weaze but this random cough.
I had high hopes for this medication. At 25 mg, I thought I noticed a slight positive effect. About when I upped from 25 to 50 mg, I experienced about two weeks of feeling extremely depressed, which continued when I increased to 75 mg. It did somewhat decrease my agitated anxiety, but did not help with my obsessive ruminations. Aside from the depressed mood and mild sedation, I didn 't notice any side effects. When I decreased back to 25 mg, I noticed the depressed mood lifting and an increase in anxiety.
I discontinued using this after 2 weeks due to the side effects I felt: nausea, sweating, dry mouth, trouble sleeping.  I think I may have lost 1-2 lbs during that time. I guess it works because you 're too sick to eat anything and lose weight that way.  It didn 't work for me.  It 's also very expensive and most health insurance does not cover it.  One month supply that I ended wasting most of the pills was $92.
I 'm 15 years old and have had horrible acne on my face, body, and chest since 6th grade. It 's been tearing down my self esteem to the point of not wanting to go outside, I even stopped swimming one summer. So about 2 weeks ago, I went to my dermatologist and he prescribed me 150mg of Acticlate (doxycycline) and I 've been taking it every night along with using SulfaCleanse and Atralin. So far, I 've seen no improvement in my acne whatsoever. My chest acne has gotten worse, and my face and back have stayed the same. I see my dermatologist next week and if no improvement is seen before then, I 'm hoping there 's another option.
Started taking Adipex a week ago. Cut out all caffiene, sugar, and alcohol. I 've been working out as well. I have not lost one pound. Very frustrating. I take half of a 37.5 tablet. Just left message with my doctor maybe taking the whole tablet will help. Just need to lose the last 20 pounds. One good thing my energy is up which is confusing why I can 't lose the weight.
I was put on this pill to hold endometriosis at bay. 7 weeks into taking the pill I got my period. It has been 9 days so far at the regular flow of my period. On my old pills, I was lucky enough to only get a period every 2 or 3 months. I am going to switch. At least on my old pills I know when I was getting my period.
I only took this medication 3 days because of the awful side effects I endured. The feeling of nervousness, unclear thinking. It was if I were stuck in my body and my heart racing which made me feel as if I could not breath. I also broke out in a cold sweat and felt cold. During this same time I started having tingling sensations in my right arm into my fingers.  I did not associate this with the medication until I read other reviews. I had many of the side effects listed. The medication seemed to help with my pain some but because of the horrible feelings it wasn 't a positive medication for me. I even took it again thinking maybe I was overreacting or in my head.
I was prescribed Nucynta 100mg 4x day after years of being on Hydrocodone, tramadol as well as oxycodone for back pain from 3 previous disc fusion surgeries. I have to say that Nucynta did relieve my pain but for only maybe 1 1/2 hours at the most. The side effects are horrible, head ache, stomach discomfort, &quot;trippy&quot; feeling, just to name a few. I would also like to add that I was not in withdrawal from opiates when I took this medication, even though I was having mild withdrawals from the years of Tramadol use and Nucynta did help me with the withdrawal symptoms, somewhat. Even though I do not want to continue opiate usage any longer Nucynta is not the solution for my pain. 
I 've been taking Levora for about 6 months. It does it 's job- Prevents pregnancy. But I have gained weight, become depressed, and I have a LOT of acne, when I used to have a clear face. On the plus side though, my periods are light, and on time, every month. I also don 't experience cramps, when I used to have throughout my entire period. 
The first 6 months on Implanon wasn 't too bad. Relatively painless insertion with minimal bruising and no bleeding for several months. Then it started, 1st an unexpected period, then finding I was having 2 or more bleeds each month (hence the monthly expenditure on sanitary protection which is far more than I used to spend). I am now developing anemia, I have lost my sex drive completely which may soon cost me my partner and the bleeds are getting more erratic and with that the mood swings. My weight is increasing, despite increasing my exercise regime and reducing my food intake. Asked health professional for removal I was pushed to have additional contraceptives to stop the bleeding! I am looking for a Dr prepared and qualified to remove it!
I am taking 50mg but it only worked for 2  days. Pain is back and so is the numbness. I think I need a higher dosage. Side effects are headache and it triggers my migraine.
I had the liletta IUD inserted two months ago. Insertion was very painful but the experience took 5 mins altogether. The pain following didn 't last longer than a day. So far, I 've noticed my periods last a lot longer, before the IUD they would last 5 days now they last 8-10. I also spot almost every single day. Both of these things are manageable but if I wasn 't single this would interfere with my sex life. Benefits: I don 't get crazy mood swings like I used to on the pill and I don 't have a lot of hair growth on my body it seems like my hair doesn 't grow as fast. Cons:  I 'm very frustrated this month because I 've developed cystic acne along my left jaw and cheek and forehead and i can 't lose weight whereas before I could
This is the first birth control I 've been on, I mostly used it for acne at first. For the first 1 month it was fine then after that I started getting nauseous a few hours after taking the pill. Then the 3rd month I would get really nauseous that I would almost throw up and this was happening a few days a week and I missed to much school, so I finally stopped taking it. But besides being super nausea all the time I had moodswings, did nothing for my acne, bad cramps, and anxiety. The only good thing is was that it regulated my period.
This medicine was a God send for the depression. Shortly after beginning it I developed sores on my tongue.The next week my face began hurting and swelling, first at the jaw hinges, then up to my temples. The pain got so bad I couldn 't open my mouth to eat. I realized I was grinding my teeth, clenching my jaws and flexing my facial muscles. Long story short, I am off the meds and on a different antidepressant. The 2 weeks of being off my meds nearly killed me (suicidal alcoholic). I now know that other medical issues combined with the drug to cause the extreme reaction. Please be careful with this medicine. My doctors can 't say that the teeth grinding will go away, but the pain is getting better and I have hope again.
I 've been using it for 3 weeks, whilst also using cetaphil, moisturising, exercising, drinking a lot of water. It hasn 't helped that much at all, it seemed to work, but all the acne is still winning. After 4 weeks I 'm ditching it if I see no significant improvements
So allergist gave me sample, have been using Flonase.  The after taste is awful but worse is the subsequent coughing, nausea with vomiting shortly afterwards, slight headache.  Did not realize extra tiredness was also from this.  It does feel like the nasal passages are opened up more but the morning porcelain throne is not worth it. And no not pregnant! Ain 't possible. Definitely will inform MD.
Took mucinex md for the onset of cough. The musimex the first day I noticed an improvement but had slight troubled sleeping. The second day no improve the from the mucinex and zero sleep. In combination with my other asthma meds it made my heart race which made me have to take rescue inhaler. I recommend going to dr before taking this with asthma patients.
I am 19 years old and on my third pack (possibly fourth, I can 't remember for sure) of this birth control. The first two months were great! I didn 't notice any side effects and my period was normal. This past month, though, I 've started to notice a lot of nausea and some headaches. Most recently, my depression and anxiety have increased tenfold and gone through the roof. I can 't stop crying over everything and I 'm a mess all the time. It 's time to stop this BC because it 's just making my life a living Hell.
I have been on Loestrin 24 for month and so far it has been a bad experience for me. I have been bleeding this whole month and have gained about 7lbs. I am very active and exercise every day but I 'm still gaining weight, I 'm naturally a thin person so its quite noticeable and it makes me very uncomfortable.
I 'm 26 years old 5 '3. Year in a half a ago I quit taking Vyvanse I didn 't like the way it made me feel and since then I have gained about 80 pounds in the past year. I began at 199 6/25/15 now I weigh 194.4 7/13/15 so it 's only been about 2.5 weeks and I 've lost about 5 pounds. I hope to see good results with this medication because it has been very difficult for me to look in the mirror and know I let this happen. Especiqlly since I 've been fit for most of my life. Beer, coke and Pepsi taste awful, wine still tastes good. I 've had minimal side effects, tingly hands, feet, nervousness. But not very often. I hope this helps.
Drinking this is what comes to mind if someone asked you to combine cherry cough syrup with seawater, with none of the fun of being at the beach. I 'm sure the folks who came up with this had some fun. A couple facts: you will gag at minimum, you may throw up, you will never want to prep again and it will work if you can down it. I have no tips to make it better. Just thinking about it makes me gag. First dose at 6:00, worked within the hour. Just did my second dose at 9:30 and 15 minutes later, I already feel ready to empty. Good luck.
I have been taking this medication for a little over 6 years and was started off on the 60mg dosage. In the beginning it worked great. I 'm now on 90mg sometimes 160mg of Cymbalta, and I feel anxious all the time and also extreme fatigue. 
My partner and I finally decided to try some alternate methods of birth control. Nuvaring was my first choice because I 'm too forgetful to try pills and I must say I 've had a mixed experience. I love the fact that I can insert it and forget about it. I don 't feel it during sex and it doesn 't slip out. It got rid of my reoccurring yeast infections, I even grew a cup size. However, I can 't help but notice that I 've gained weight especially around my waistline which almost never happens, and my sex drive has decreased. I exercise regularly so I know it had to be the hormones. I experience extreme mood swings, I 'm a lot more angry, I find myself depressed, have random urges to cry and my periods are just as painful as before. I just may switch soon.
I took the 20 mg dosage.  I was able to get about a 50% erection.  However, I got hives mainly on the backs of my upper legs and the back of my head.
I improved a little on this medication. By day 7 I was in the ER being treated for a severe headache that lasted around 30 hours. 
I have bad anxiety for years and I tired a few meds but they weren 't working for me . Now I am on Mirtazapine 15 mg I only take one pill a note. The first nite I felt great little tired but the anxiety stopped. The sec nite was little different I had a few anxiety attacks but I managed to control them . I feel really tired and have a few attacks during the day but not as bad as before . I 'm going to give this medicine a try and I 'm going to have to go to therapy as the doc told me it will help, since I have been diagnosed with anxiety for years . I pray this will help me and get my life back. Good luck to all of you that are having bad times with anxiety and depression.
I 'm taking Spronyx now after switching from Lo Loestrin Fe and It 's only been 2 weeks and I 'm already noticing major side effects. Vaginal dryness, itchiness, burning... Pain while urinating and just overall discomfort. I hate it I 'm going to make an appointment soon.
I have been on this for a month and have had a horrible experience with my mood change, I have always been a happy person, and now for the last week I am so depressed and I am constantly feeling a nervous feeling in my gut, like anxiety. I had a baby 2 months ago, and even through my pregnancy never felt any mood swings or depression. I talked to my doctor and have decided to stop this birth control. Hope it 'll fix this sad feeling.
I got the birth control in March 2015 and it is now almost June 2015. I have either been spotting with cramps 90% of the time. The only good thing about it is it prevents me from getting pregnant... Really hate this stuff.
My high functioning autistic son was placed on this medication to help control his anger and aggression. Instead it has made him worse. The only positive effect of this medication is that it helps him sleep past 5am. His anger and aggression and impulsiveness are just out of control. He was then put on Vyvanse to help with ADHD and there are no changes worth noting.
Iv been on depo for 3 years , and I can say its better than other birth controls you deffanitly won 't get pregnant its probly hard to conceive even after you stop getting it. I have gained about 35 lbs mostly always hungry. I get acne on an off an have mood swings . I 'm thinking about getting off of it cus I heard it decreases bone mass an putting that in your body for long time can 't be healthy
I have Lyme Disease so I got a yeast Infection from antibiotic usage. My yeast infection is nothing like you will find. Basically just feels like rug burn on the head of my penis. Unfortunately it rubs in my underwear when I walk around so its VERY ANNOYING. I was given Diflucan and it gave me head pressure so they gave Ketoconazole and its my second/third day on it. I have NOT seen any substantial improvements. Yes its helped but this should work faster.
I have been on Microgestin for about six months now. At first, I thought it was great. However, at this point I have gained 15 pounds since I started it. It definitely does its job though... I NEVER WANT SEX! I am shocked by how unappealing sex has become since starting Microgestin. I literally have lost all signs of a sex drive. Also, my acne started out great, but has gotten worse in the last few months. I am probably going to switch soon. This is miserable.
I have heard mixed things about this drug, different people having very mixed experiences. From my personal experience it really wasn 't the right drug for me. I have suffered from major depressive disorder, anxiety and panic disorder for 3-5 years (I 'm 18) and it didn 't seem to help as much as sertraline/Zoloft did. And not to mention how mind numbingly tired I have felt, I was told the sedation would go away but for me it stayed. Also strangely my insomnia got worse when my doctor thought it would help? So I guess if you already suffer with insomnia it might not be for you either, but it 's worth a go I guess. If you 're not on a high dose it 's reasonably easy to quit, easier to stop than Zoloft I 'd say. Thanks for reading and good luck!
Its going on day 2 and still having these coughing fits...gonna give it another day if not working I 'm requesting my phenergren. I don 't do liquid medicine so my dr knows I 'm not playing around
I 'm about to start on the placebo pills and I 'm intensely considering not starting the new pack. When I first started this birth control I had mild nausea and light cramping. Since then I 've gained 10 pounds, I 'm tired, nauseous, and bloated all the time. For me it 's been all the fun pregnancy symptoms without actually conceiving (Doctor confirms my ego is not preggo) so I 'm seriously debating on stopping it. My lifestyle three months ago is no different than my lifestyle now with the exception of this stinky little pill, and I can say that I am definitely unhappier now.
I feel like I&rsquo;m being a little generous by giving Vyvanse a 3 because it does work to some degree, but I have very unpleasant side effects from it. My doctor finally switched me to generic Adderall IR-thank God-and it&rsquo;s fantastic. I must be abnormal with how I digest Vyvanse or something because I find it far more potent, and not in a good way. It gives me serious dry mouth, diahrrea, anxiety, excessive sweating, and depression. The effect was different almost everyday: some days were okay, a lot were terrible, and a few were good. It muted most of my emotions except a general sense of discomfort. But I could focus when it didn&rsquo;t make me depressed. On the hand, Adderall IR is a cake walk and I feel great in general.
This did help a little with my nerve pain, but I got severe headaches and tremors from it. Unfortunatly the side effects were far worse then the little bit of relief it gave.
Mirena did not work for me, I have tried the pill and Implanon prior to the IUD. At first it was fine and insertion was not that bad. I had Mirena in for 6 months and never had a period. It was extremely effective, but in the end the benefits were outweighed by the detriments. I began having extreme anxiety which is strange for me because I am have never been the type. I had shortness of breath, dizziness, and would get light headed. I began having panic attacks that went from mild to severe which prompted me to get it removed. It has now been three weeks since removal and my anxiety has reduced greatly. 
While this medication seemed to work well at the beginning of the trial, it wasn 't long before I realized that my heart was beating irregularly and tremors became apparent in my right arm and hand.  Exacerbation of symptoms e.g. shortness of breath after minimal exertion,longer duration to recover were noted.
First day on Contrave! I picked up my prescription at lunchtime and started it then. Within the first hour I was getting a little blurred vision and had a very dry mouth.  Also my co workers noticed that I stopped talking as much as I was and I was not in as good of a mood. I began to yawn a few times in the first hour. I am usually a high energy person and was just fine earlier so this was odd. By the time 3:00 came around I was begging for me bed. Nausea started and was getting bad.  I came home instead of working out and passed out for 2 whole hours!  I never ever take naps. I 'm concerned to take it again tomorrow but I will to see if this gets any better.  My Dr. Said it would give me energy....that is not the case what so ever with me.
Helps somewhat, Better than nothing.
Was on this for about 6-7 months. This pill doesn 't directly cause weight gain, but definitely made my appetite increase. Gained 10lbs, had anxiety, swollen breasts, and no real period. 
Applicators are uncomfortable. Not as effective as Vagifem for some reason even though dosage is supposedly identical.
I took this pill for two months. The first month was amazing. No spotting, my period was only two days on the exact date it was supposed to be on. When the second month started, it was horrible. Mood swings, uncontrollable bleeding, cystic acne, no sex drive. I stopped taking the pill after two weeks into the second month. Acne cleared up, bleeding stopped. I wouldn 't recommend this pill.
Initially I had a decrease in my depression but after a year or so it seemed to do nothing however I had a lot of outside factors that could have caused that.I didn 't realize until after I got off how much it made me sweat. Sometimes to the level of embarrassment. I also had severe dry mouth and constantly had to drink huge amounts of water. Gained a lot of weight. AS soon as I got off it I started losing weight, was never thirsty and stopped sweating. I think compared to the side affects it wasn 't worth it to me.
I 've been using it about a month now and I 've noticed my skin actually getting worse. I 've seen no improvement. 
Went to Dr with flu. Started Tamiflu. In two days, started noticing a rash, swelling in hands, arms, legs and feet. Could not sleep, though extremely tired. Weakness and dizziness was terrible.
Omg!!! This burns like hell! Jumped in the bathtub for relief. This is my 2nd dose. I thought to do a second treatment just incase. The first one I had mild discomfort but the sencond one feels like sharp buring pains in my crotch!!! After the bath things calmed down a little. Did this before bed. I 'm worried I will be up all night! Out of the tub and the pain started up again! Ughhhh never again!
I started on 100 mg and on day 2 was running to bath room with sudden urgency.  After 2 weeks I started experiencing pain in both armpits and upper arms, along with yeast infection.  Stopped and waited a week an retried taking. Same symptoms only worse. Not worth it to me.
When I first starting using Xulane, i would get really bad nausea for 2 months. Now I am on my 5th month using and still have spotting in between my period. Also gained 5-6 pounds so far. I hate this patch. Thinking of switching to something else soon.Only reason I chose this because it 's the easiest, i only have to change it once a week.
Very bad experience with this drug...i gained a lot of weight...also it killed my libido!!!!
It gave me a great feeling after two hours, but I had chest and kidneys pain, dry eyes upset stomach. Therefore, I stopped it.
I have taken this medication before, seems to help a little; have to drink plenty of water to get relief, but, joint pain, and headaches come and go, and little relief of this medication, I continue to take it for the doctor recommendation, but, I tolarate it
Took one the first night, got cramps and diarrhea, ate half the next night was ok, half the third and nothing. Took one the next got cramps and diarrhea. Took 3/4 th of a tab for two nights straight, nothing, nothing. Took 1 the next night STILL nothing.
Today, February 16th, 2017 I got my nexplanon removed. I was so relieved leaving my doctors office. I got my nexplanon put in in mid May 2016. I was so excited to no longer have to rememeber to take a pill every day. In the 9 months I was on nexplanon I gained 70lbs. I 'm disgusted by my appearance. I 've had crazy mood swings and a lot more anger/aggression. I 've also had horrible acne all over my face, chest and upper arms. My acne has never been this bad. And I 've literally had zero sex drive the past 9 months. I feel bad for my boyfriend. Only positive thing what that I haven 't had my period at all and no spotting either. Sunday I go back to the pill and can not wait!
I tried verapamil 180mg one a day for just over 8 weeks. After trying Metoprolol, I couldn 't the side effects of metoprolol.I didn 't feel as many side effects on verapamil but it didn 't work for me. Unfortunately heart still beat abnormally. Also blood pressure went up then down on standing.
I had unprotected sex March 20th &amp; March 21th went to go buy plan b but they had ran out so bought opcicon one-step took it and had all the side effects. At the end of March had a second period I had it the 12th &amp; last week of the month (I can 't remember what day ) and no period all month of April.  I have been cramping and warm body throwing up and tender boobs. I 'm scared I could be pregnant - I have not taken a test yet but will soon and I 'll let y 'all know if the pill worked!!!
Added Deplin 15mg to 150 mg dose of Wellbutrin when the Wellbutrin no longer worked as well. It did help for a few days but then I developed severe muscle weakness, stiffness and pain particularly in my neck and shoulders. Bad enough that I could not turn my head or look up or down without great discomfort. Kind of felt like I had whiplash. I did some research and found that the muscle pain can be a side effect of both medications. I have not ever had this problem on Wellbutrin alone, so I 'm inclined to think the Deplin caused this. I quit taking both medications because I couldn 't function with the pain and stiffness any longer and 2 days later the pain is still there but is slowly subsiding.
I just took three doses of 0.25mg cabergoline but I developed severe headache and even fainted. My doctor suggested to stop medication for about a month.
Been on it for almost 4 months. Depression not much better. Severe appetite increase, irritability, and very itchy skin. Going to see my psychiatrist next week to change again...
I`ve been on truvada daily for more than 5 years. I have had numerous problems tho it has kept my viral load undetectable. Most recent issues are elevated creatine, elevated lipase, UTI`s, nausea, vomiting, bloating. They are slowly ruling out all other causes but I am suspecting it is the meds. I started on truvada, norvir and lexiva but after a few years on that combo my liver began to fail. They stopped the HIV meds then but opted to reintroduce the truvada as it 's excreted thru kidneys and added isentress. That was changed to tivicay and truvada which is my current regimen.
So I am literally up at 2 am in the morning I used the ovule at around 10:40  because I thought I should be laying down for the most effective result. Boy do I regret just not going to the doctors for a pill. It is burning and itching I 'm currently sitting up  to ease the burning/itching sensation. I have done this method before I do remember this experience I don 't think it lasted this long or was this aggravating will not use again I believe just about everyone goes through this process if using.  I do remember it eventually calming down and was a relief after it goes through its course but in the mean time it 's not comfortable at all.
I was prescribed this because I had an infection in my ankle due to an impacted metal.  While I waited for surgery to remove it I was prescribed this for a period of two weeks.  I was extremely dizzy and weak on it.  Thankfully the podiatrist that ended up doing the surgery changed me to another antibiotic that had no side effects and kept me infection free until the surgery could be performed. 
I have just recently changed from Metformin to Janumet 50mg /500mg one tablet twice daily with food and have suffered from headaches nausea and some dizziness. I have seen two Dr 's one advised to stay on metformin as its has maintained good results for many years and Janumet is still a more recent medicine in AUstralia. The other Dr advised that Janument will control my levels a lot better and decrease the situation of gaining weight even though in the early stage have some side effects. I intend to continue with Janumet for another month hoping for improvement, aged 70.
I was on this for about two years. I gained 20lbs from it. But I needed to regulate my period. Also my thyroid levels always changed drastically on this, while off it not too bad. Trinessa also made my breast hurt so bad, showers were horrible with the water hitting them. I feel bloated half the month and irritated that this is the only birth control I can afford because Insurance won 't cover even with my condition. Also my eyes always were dry and itchy.
Changed from several pills a day to the new Hysingla ER. Was hoping it was something I would like better for just once a day. I do NOT like this medication. You can not control the peaks due to it being time released and its unpredictable. Causes my eyes to feel heavy and hot.You can not drink at all with this drug, it will cause the medication to be released too quickly, possible overdose. I don 't like having no control and I was having break though pain as well.
I was initially on Januvia but didn 't find it effective. My sugar levels were good in the morning (105), but skyrocketed to 160  after eating a meal. I ended up switching to Janumet, which is Januvia   Metformin. The Janumet helped but was later supplemented with Amaryl. From my experiences, the only positive feedback about Januvia or Januvia-based medicines is that they do not cause hypoglycemia.
I have been taking this birth contorl for just over 6 months now. I am so ready to find a different one. I never had headaches until I started taking this pill. I experience them at least three times a week now. This pill has made me constantly crave sweet junk food. Hello weight gain! I also have been extremely emotional. I feel depressed about everything and I feel like crying more often than not. Not the pill for me!
I had Implanon placed in November of 2009. It was great until September 2010. I started having a period after not having one since January 2010 and to this day it has not stopped. I went to a new Gynecologist and he said that the progestrin level in the Implanon was stopping my body from producing estrogen. He gave me a prescription of estrogen but it really didn 't help. Not to mention, in the past year that I have been having these problems, I have become depressed, anxious, moody, and my patience has worn very VERY thin with not only my fiance and daughter, but with people in general. Unfortunately, I have lost my insurance and it is quite expensive to have this removed.
I was prescribed for dark spots on my face. Although the dark spots are stillthere they have not grown or intensified. Also I have less acne and whiteheads
Spent first day sleeping and second too even though I ate something first. The nausea was awful. Third day and I 'm still not sure it 's working.
I was given tylenol #3, initially, for a severe injury, it had no effect on the pain. I revisited the issue with my doctor and was put on tylenol #4. At supposedly double the narcotic in the tablet, I was shocked at how little the pain reliever accomplished. However, a cough I 'd had with a cold was lessened...not useful in the purpose of pain relief. I decided to be frank with my doctor and ask why I was being given such low dose/ineffective pain relief for something as serious as my injury, especially given that I have no history of drug abuse...fear of the DEA was the answer I finally received after pushing past much circular logic dissuasion from my doctor. The DEA is the reason my pain is not being managed. This is a travesty.
After going through a hurtful breakup and loosing my job I fell into darkness, life lost intrerest. I decided to try antidepressants. Doc prescribed Paxil. I read the reviews, most say it helps after taking it for awhile. Yesterday I took it at night. I couldn 't sleep at all, after 3 hours I started to feel very weak, my head was heavy, I had an urge to stretch my whole body, lost appetite, but I did feel happier. Because it affects your serotonin, I started to think about my relationship more. All day I couldn 't get out of bed, felt very weak, couldn 't even walk, sleepy but can 't sleep. Horrific feeling. Although I hear it helps eventually, I don 't think it 's worth the side effects. Bad experience.
I started Belviq after first losing a significant amount on Weight Watchers, so progress was sort of slow for me. I lost about a half a pound a week for the three months I was on it, but my motivation level was low. The problem for me came when I tried to stop taking it.  I had the symptoms of antidepressant discontinuation syndrome pretty bad. These included lightheadedness, dizziness, tingly hands and feet, and blurry vision. This all scared me very much - I thought I was going to have a stroke. I even had what felt like an electric shock shoot through different parts of my body a few times.  I was really relieved to find out that this is a fairly common condition and only lasts 2-3 weeks, but it was pretty uncomfortable.
I was on tramadol for 3 years and that didn 't work. I was also taking  Gabapentin for fibromyalgia. I started on the patch 5mg then 10mg 7 day patch helped a little for 3 days then became very itchy and very sore and gave me an  allergic reaction to my skin raising it and going red and tender for 2 weeks after patch was removed. 
It seems to have leveled my moods somewhat, or at least reduced my agitation.  It is also inexpensive (compared to say, Lexapro).  I soon developed problems with my eyes in that they are itchy, red and swollen and I have decided to discontinue due to my fear of getting Steven-Johnson syndrome.  It is meant to be a rare side effect, but seems to be more common than I thought.  This medication has also increased my appetite, given me strange dreams, and headaches.
Initially made me drowsily sleepy, but did not remain asleep. Got up after two hours to pee. Trouble after that falling asleep, slept two more hours. Got up again to use bathroom. Then fell asleep again and slept for approximately four hrs. Got up and was dizzy all day long and had stomach upset and diarrhea as well.
I got my Implanon inserted September 2009, 2 1/2 months after my son was born. Before insertion I had a sex drive, good skin, lost all my weight from my pregnancy and wasn 't angry or impatient all the time. I didn 't have a period until December, that lasted 5 days. My next cycle was end of January and was heavy until March. I have had a period either every month for 14 days straight or every other week with 7 days of bleeding. I like the idea of no pill but this has got to stop. My OB has put me on the pill to stop my bleeding but I take the pill everyday for the last 5 months. And I still have it every other week. I have bad acne, moodiness and gained 30 pounds. My marriage is probably suffering because I have no sex drive. It 's time to get it out!
This was the first birth control I was ever on. My mother thought I was on it to clear up my face (I was on it because I had made some bad decisions and scared myself about not being on it). So the doctor put me on this one for acne. A few months later, my face was extremely clear. I didn 't like that my period was still heavy and lasted 6-7 days (even though it was regular) though. And after a few months I started to have really strong mood swings. About two weeks into each cycle I would spend up to 6 hours screaming and crying for no reason and then I 'd be fine. A month later, it seemed to happen again. I didn 't stay on it to see if these swings were coincidental, so I 'm still not positive, but since I switched, I haven 't had them.
Yo so I was prescribed Zoloft for Depression, Adult Major Depressive Disorder, and PTSD. It has only been a couple months so maybe I 'm not one to judge yet. I guess I feel okay. Like I feel less extremely depressed, I 'm still a sad girl tho, and honestly I feel like I could stop and feel pretty much the same. Although withdrawals are a bitch. There have been weekends where I have left my pills somewhere or not gotten a re-up from my doc and believe me my boyfriend, friends, and fam can all tell something is up when i 'm not on my meds. I 'm just quicker to react to shit and not really okay and feel kinda insane. I 'm getting off Zoloft now. I wouldn 't say it was bad I just need more help. I didn 't feel motivated to do anything ever. soo... :/ yah
I am 12. In school I would hate to raise my hand, which made me fall behind in math because I wasn 't asking questions, in choir we would have to do stretches and warm ups with movement, I however just sat there. People started to notice and I would be angry. Then I got Hypercare it worked for about a half hour then I started sweating again. 
This was the first birth control I have ever tried. I was told the first couple of months would be irregular periods. Well...my period didn 't stop. So my doctor gave me the low hormone pill as a solution to regulate it and it worked. After that my period was regulated and I have had no pregnancy scares. 2 years later I got a different doctor and he wouldn 't prescribe me the pill as an add on to regulate my period anymore. Great when I took the pill as an add on but horrible without it.
Lowered Blood Glucose. Effective. However, I could not tolerate the Side Effects. Occasional severe nausea and vomiting, and unpredictable diarrhea  which persisted after discontinuing (I also take Metformin 1000 mg/day - known to cause nausea, but, I had no symptoms until Victoza), In 2008 I had 2 brain surgeries and suffered months of nausea and vomiting. This was so traumatic for me that I can 't tolerate Victoza. 
I got mine implanted in December 2008 and for the most part, it was great. The irregular periods are really annoying and I 've had a slight weight gain since then, but none of this was bad enough to make me complain. And actually I was singing Implanon 's praises until this year. The mood swings I have now are ridiculous. I am the meanest, most vicious version of myself. It 's a constant struggle with myself, trying to figure out why I am so angry ALL THE TIME, and why over something so stupid or small. I am the absolute worst the day before my period starts, and I 'll have no idea why. Then the next day I 'll get my period, and I am fine, and my mood just deteriorates daily from there, until my next period.
I was put on Zoloft by my doctor for panic attacks about sleeping/falling asleep after she felt I was too dependent on Clonazepam. This definitely worked for anxiety, however I gained around 30+ pounds in a little over a year and a half. I was still exercising regularly and eating normally. It started slowly and then one day none of my pants fit me anymore. The last straw was when I went to the doctor for my yearly check up and was 200 pounds. I weaned myself off of it, and almost immediately I felt less bloated. It has been a little over a week and I 'm suffering terrible dizziness and headaches. I 'm determined to never be on this crap again.
I used to take quetiapine to fall asleep at night, but when I started to take nortriptyline I had to stop using it because these two meds interact. the doctors told me that nortriptyline would help me sleep at night, too. it doesn 't.  i have to wake up at 7 every morning for work, and I honestly can 't remember the last time I fell asleep before 0200 in the morning. the side effects of this medication are way more intense than any other meds I 've tried. it does help a litte bit with anxiety, but my depression hasn 't improved.
Have had Ulcerative Colitis for 4 years.  3 years ago started Remicade at 5ml per Kilo, with only mild help. Only other choice was surgery. Switched Doctor who immediately doubled dose to 10ml (which I think is the normal dose) so I probably was under-medicated for 2 years. However higher dose has not helped much more.  Have had almost no side effects. One allergic reaction early on to the infusion.  Only minor problem is the skin on my hands and arms seems very thin and very easily bleeds from the slightest scratch.  So for me it has not worked as hoped. 
I 've had nexplanon for a little over a year and I HATE IT. I 've gained around 50+ pounds , my mood swings are horrible. Every 5 minutes I 'm either crying or feel depressed. Every little thing hurts my feelings . I was never like this before. I 've only had two periods since I 've got it. Then none for months. The only pros is that I don 't get periods and haven 't gotten pregnant. Other than that I hate what it is doing to my body and I will be getting it out tomorrow. I 'll make another review on how I feel a few weeks after getting it out. Hopefully I lose the weight. I 'll take my three day periods over this BS ANYDAY
I did pass a bowel but not too much. I hope it was enough to get good results on my procedure
I took 300 mg three times a day after months and months I attempted suicide, spent a few times in the mental ward, and worse, a major loss of sex drive, disfunction. I never had a problem like that before. I stopped taking it and am better now. The side effects went away. Except the sexual drive I 'm still working on. Getting better
I began taking this@ 16 weeks and I have experienced blurred vision, water retention and most importantly, depression. It 's beyond the norm of pregnancy hormones that are all over the place. I have mentioned it to my NP and she recommended Zoloft? I have PTSD and was on Zoloft years ago. I have been able to be med free after Zoloft and I feel like I have taken a giant step backwards with this medication. I am afraid to stop it and go into preterm ( 30 weeks) this is a hard choice. I don 't like feeling like I 'm crazy because I know I 'm not :(
I cant for the life of me control my emotions and frustration everything makes me so irritated and upset I want to cry scream and fucking punch shit and im not even like this I snap over stupid shit and i can explain that I don 't even want to upset but I just fucking can 't control it i have so little energy and generally feel like crap especially when I 'm acting like a crappie human being it 's only been a few weeks and I wish it would ware off already.  I don 't know if it prevents child birth or whatever but I definitely don 't want to have sex I don 't even want to be touched im stressed the hell out as well
I was prescribed this for a mood disorder they couldn 't pin down (didn 't know where on the bipolar spectrum I fell, I suppose) as well as sleeping issues.I became very jaded, too jaded. I didn 't get any more sleep than usual, and my previously sun-sensitive skin is now showing minor allergic reactions to sunlight. I haven 't been on it for years, and the allergy is still there.It did nothing for me and just made it harder for me to operate in the typically diurnal society of today. Not a positive experience.
I started this when I was 13, for heavy period relief. Pros- No weight gain, shortened my period from 7-8 to 4-5 days.Cons- Before Reclipsen, I never had cramps, moodiness, or really ANY period symptoms or PMS, although my period lasted for 7-8 days and was very heavy, it was honestly pretty easy going. After I began Reclipsen, my period was shortened to 4-5 days but it took about 3 days of active pills for it to start, and two of my inactives for it to stop. This hasn 't stopped. I started getting cramps, moodiness, and extremely bad PMS. I used to act NO different on my period than off, but since starting Reclipsen it 's been much worse.
Currently on 10mg of Lexparo 1 x a day to help mellow out my anxiety and panic attacks associated with postpartum depression. Was extremely effective, but the effect started wearing off after 2 months. The drowsiness I experienced from the medication was also getting unbearable. Doctor prescribed 150 mg Wellbutrin XL 1 x a day to be used in combination with the 10mg Lexapro. The idea was that it would increase my feelings of well-being while counteracting the drowsiness. Stopped Wellbutrin after 2 days. I experienced anxiety, sleeplessness, bad headaches behind my eyes, nausea and sour stomach. Probably should have given it more time to kick in. Will stick to Lexapro and just drink more coffee.
I 've had Nexplanon for 4 months. It has been effective in preventing pregnancy, and not having to take a pill is convenient. But that 's where the pros end.A couple weeks after having it inserted, my mood swings were off the chart. I was snapping at everyone for the littlest things. I 've never had a problem with depression in the 23 years I 've been alive and have been depressed since I started this birth control.On top of that, my sex drive is GONE. I was crazy, head over heels in love with my husband up until I started this prescription. Now I can hardly stand to have him kiss me I 'm so turned off. And it 's not him, it 's definitely the Nexplanon. Definitely getting it removed.
After 2 children, I have currently had Mirena in for 13 months. Here is my last 13 months: Mild cramping with insertion. Spotting continuously for 4 months straight. Strings sharp and poked my husband. 1st period was heavy. Continued spotting. Headaches. Complexion getting worse. Unusual hair growth. Mood swings. Fatigue. Unable to lose the baby weight. I finally stopped spotting at around 10-11 months after Mirena was put in. I now continue to have periods every other month that are mod-heavy. Also noticed a sour smell to my vagina. I feel like I am always moist and have suffered from yeast infections. On a good note it is low maintenance and I have not gotten pregnant. Strings also have softened.
I started this medicine while breaking out with severe cystic acne for my adult life. I took this medicine for the past year, 1 year total. My face cleared up, but I gained 25 lbs in one year. No other medicine changes. I could deal with the weight, but when I came to the ER with terrible abdominal pain, I knew something was wrong. I have an ovarian cyst now, and have to hope it doesn 't rupture. Make sure you are willing to accept the risks of having clear skin, as this can apparently happen to anyone who takes spironolactone.
About 13 hours after taking the pill, BOOM. The worst cramps and intestinal pains that I 've ever experienced. I sat on the toilet for 20 minutes in total agony trying not to wake anyone up. It felt like a rabid raccoon was trying to claw its way out from my bowels. It hurt so bad that I felt like I was going to throw up. At one point I thought &quot;okay, this is my limit, if it gets any worse, I 'm going to the ER&quot;After several waves of this, it finally ended and now, 24 hours later, I 'm still having diarrhea and some cramping, but not as bad as last night.LISTEN TO THE REVIEWS! This stuff is no joke! I took 2 tablets and I drank so much water. At least 7 or 8 glasses of water. It doesn 't matter - you will get awful cramps.Never again.
Side effects were not tolerated well.
I just started taking TriNessa, So far I have horrible nausea and terrible migraines. I am getting signs of depression and I am restless all night. Its hard for me to eat or ride in a car because of nausea. I am constantly dehydrated all day and I have the worst case of dry mouth. I hope that all of this will go away after a few months so I 'll continue to take the pill. The only positive so far is that my acne is going away.
Won 't dissolve, takes forever.  Severe  headaches  after  20 minutes  of taking .
I 've been on Orsythia since January. Ever since I 've basically completely lost my sex drive. I 'm never in the mood and I have terrible sleep and very irritable. I thought it was just me but reading the reviews and people saying basically the same things I 'm having makes sense. The only good thing is that Ive barely had any cramps.
It was awesome while it lasted but it eventually caused pressure in my spinal fluid and gave me very severe headaches. I had to go off of Humira. I developed severe Crohn 's symptoms and had to have a permanent ostomy. I will soon get a proctectomy also.
I 've been on nexplanon for almost 11 months now and it 's been a rollercoaster. The first 6 months were very different from my normal periods. I would have constant prolonged periods, up to 2-3 weeks. that was the &quot;norm&quot; it would stop then I would randomly spot and it was a mess it was so irregular. I recently skipped my period for a month, then boom, I 've been nonstop bleeding for 3 weeks and it 's just getting heavier and heavier. It definitely keeps you protected I 've only had unprotected sex and no pregnancy (the only reason why I 've kept it in bc it 's so effective) but I 'm sadly throwing in the rag, I can 't live like this anymore
I get very frequent migraines, up to 15  per month. Have tried just about everything, including narcotics to control migraines. I am currently on Inderall daily as preventative (have tried many, many, other drugs as well). Am currently taking Maxalt and Treximet, but doctor suggested we try the nasal spray. I had a full blown migraine when I tried it, so results may be a little off. Migranal caused burning in the nose, and throat, nasal congestion. It also left a nasty taste in my mouth. Woke up the next day with the migraine still lingering.
My experience with Mirena was terrible. This is by far the worst birth control I have ever tried. Granted it did what it was supposed to do by preventing pregnancy, this came at great expense. I have moderate acne and this made my face even worse. My periods were painful and never really stopped. I had spot bleeding for over 2 months and the worst part was the abnormal smell and discharge. Talk about a mood killer. I also noticed a serious increase in hair loss. Everyone is different and will obviously react differently but I can safely say this birth control is the worst I have ever experienced. I had it removed after 4 months and am now on a birth control pill.
I 've been on Zoloft (generic) for a few weeks now. I 'm on a low dose (25mg) to get me started. I haven 't noticed much of a lift in my mood, in fact I tend to get sad more easily, but I have fewer headaches, which used to be a big problem for me. Also I 've noticed it makes me really tired so I take it at night to help me sleep.
Been on about 6 weeks, do not have cravings like used to but NO SEX DRIVE AT ALL. Only down about 6 lbs overall without diet or exercise, but definitely side effects override benefits.  Headaches, no sex drive and now numbness and tingling in fingers and toes.
I 've been using Aczone twice a day for 4 and a half weeks for my red pimples. When I went to my dermatologist she put a needle in each pimple it was a medicine which helped a little bit. And ever since using aczone nothing worked. It clearly says after a specific period of time if the cream doesn 't work change it to a new cream or gel. This cream is not so great. Giorgio armani CC cream works for my skin way better, and the dior nude air powder is great for my oily skin.  I will definitely get a different  prescription cream.
Buspirone worked for me in the beginning by eliminating anxiety as well as nightmares.  However, nightmares and anxiety returned and in response my doctor increased my dose.  Now, I experience anxiety at night that has  progressed to paranoia,as well as vivid nightmares.  I cannot stay asleep when I can actually fall asleep.  My mind goes a mile a minute and I have tried meditation and exercise.  On average, I get about 3 hours of sleep a night.  I have even started drinking a glass of wine or two just to calm my nerves. I now avoid going to bed just so I don 't have to deal with the anxiety.
I am a HEAVY underarm sweater. So it was no surprise that this medication barely helped reduce my underarm sweat. Not to mention, the bottle only lasts for less the month, a tleast for me. I recommend you save your money and stay away from this product if you think your hyperhidrosis is beyond bad.
I woke up one morning after being on the pill for two days and I was covered in pimples. It almost looked like chicken pox there were so many. Definitely getting off of this.
I was on Buspirone with my Paxil. It worked well with the Paxil. However, it did not work at all by itself. I had to quit taking Paxil, due to an interaction with my seizure medicine. The Buspirone made me have anxiety, and everytime I took it, I felt like my brain was getting shocked with electricity.
Started off loving this form of bc. Had a period about a week after insertion and then nothing for about 5 months.  My face cleared up (Also seeing a dermatologist) and not thinking about taking a pill daily was great.  After 5 months I started noticing spotting more.  A day here and there nothing major.  Then every other week I started having periods and they became longer and heavier each time. My acne was back constantly and my dermatologist pretty much said she was out of options for me.  I became very irritable and hateful towards everyone.  Didn 't want to do anything but sleep and cried a lot.  My ob believes I was in a constant state of pms and we decided it was best that I get it removed.  Feeling better already!
Warning:This drug is highly addictive (think heroin- it&rsquo;s so addictive) I went on it 5 years ago when i started using anti-depressants. The doctor prescribed them to me to sleep because the anti-depressants were keeping me up at night. This drug is a seriously dangerous med! I will say that it was the best medication for anxiety, but its side effects and addictive traits made it a horrible experience for me. I strongly recommend that people do not use this medication or any form anxiety medication. I also suggest people keep way from anti-depressants. I use exercise (cardio) 45 minutes a day to help me beat this issue. I also take 5000 mg of Niacinimide a day. Also keep off alcohol, and caffeine. Eat well.
Been on Strattera for 3 months and can 't wait to get off it! It had helped my concentration to an okay extent but I 'm having bizarre side effects such as leaking semen followed by testicular pain, paranoia, weird thoughts, anxiety and slight tics.Not recommended for long term use!
I went on this drug because I was gaining too much weight on zyprexa. I 've lost some weight so far but literally feel like shit everyday. Feel sick too my stomach and can barely keep my eyes open throughout the day.  If I forget too take it I can 't fall asleep and I 've never had that problem with other meds.
I 'm a 44 year old diabetic and Dr perscribed Testim 1% gel to treat my Low T level. It was not his 1st choice but my Insurance wouldn 't pay for anything else. It came in a box With 30 individual 5g small tubes. The first thing I noticed, right away, was the pungent smell that did not go away when the product evaporated.  My wife noticed it and my drycleaner too, who all found it unpleasant. Also, product goes on slimey but drys after about 5 minutes but, If you sweat, it will get slimey &amp; your clothes stick. After 2 weeks, I noticed an increase in energy levels and felt better in general.  However, I (nor my family), could not get past the pungent smell.  I stopped using this product after about 3 weeks and will ask my Dr to change.
I have been using this 5% face wash along with Retin A micro for abouts month now. I do not notice any difference. Was actually breaking out more. Skin is not as red and peeling a the first two weeks (normal). Dries out my face horribly but I use Cervae to moisturize. Seems to work. I use Retin A about 3 times a week. But I used it two nights in a row recently and it just put my face ack to what feels like the first two week. Horrible. :(
Just started taking this over almost a week. 1st thing I noticed was weak orgasm, little to no semen. Penis is largely flaccid. Flow has improved hope the dribble improves within the next week. Semen and orgasm my be an issue for me though.
Diagnosed with Major Depression.  Started using this drug after taking Lexapro, Zoloft and Elavil.  I suffered from nausea when this medication was taken without food.  I was told that I would experience diarrhea as an initial side effect; however, this became chronic.  I missed one dose (after being on this medication and taking it consistently at the same time of day each day for four months) and had a major crying fit- to the extent that my nose started bleeding.  I have been switched to Brintellix as the side effects of this medication were too extreme.
This medication works however the side effect of constant headaches are enough to drive a person crazy!
Was given Lexapro for mild depression, during the 18months I was on it I suffered hot flushes, constant tiredness, severe carbohydrate craving with a weight gain of approximately 2kg per month, all in the upper body, especially the abdominal region. No sexual desire and complete apathy. My GP put this down to depression and kept increasing the dosage. My family intervened when my liver bloods started to be abnormal. I came off Lexapro from 20mg per day over a 2 month period. Since being off it, I feel amazing, 8 hours sleep is sufficient, whereas on Lexapro I was sleeping up to 14 hrs daily and still constantly tired. The abdominal weight gain has vanished without any change in my routine and most importantly the hot flushes are gone. 32yr female.
Well this was my first experience with any birth control and I am not a fan.  I feel bloated, stomach feels weird, back cramps, cystic acne. And the worst part would be the mood swings.  I can get so angry and frustrated and little things .  I get depressed but not in a kind of sad way but in a hopeless will anything ever change, life is messed up.  It 's really hard.  I didn 't gain weight but lost 15 pounds and I only weighed 125 before hand.  I have had it for about three months, getting it removed Monday.  My arm is still sore from the implant but that 's not a huge deal to me.  Wouldn 't really recommend it.
I have had mine in for almost 2 years. At first it was amazing. Got my periods like normal a bit heavy but it was tolerable. I was running in to problems with it in the last few months. I have sex with one person. But at least once every other month I get bv. It is because of the birth control and because I have sex. My body isn 't handling having a foreign object in it. It is either stop having sex or get it taken out. We 'll I 'm opting to get it removed and I 'm getting my tubes tide. Not only has this thing caused BV but my periods are getting worse to the point where I can 't even get out of bed because of the pain. No meds work to take away the pain.
So, recently I got switched off from aviane which was the best birth control ever! Because, I moved out of province they didn 't carry aviane so they put me on alesse. I 'm going on 21 years old, I 'm 5 '3, and I 've never passed 115 pounds using aviane. Using alesse I have gained almost 10 pounds the last few months of use! This birth control has worsen my acne, caused me severe head aches, worsen my abdominal pain thru out and off my period, heavy bloating, worsen my constipation, dizziness, fatigue, nausea and rather 5 days my periods are 7-9. I 'm glad this birth control suits most of you ladies on here, for myself it has been the worst! Obviously not for every woman, defiantly not for me! Looking to switch ASAP!
I have extreme mixed feelings about this drug. At the age of 5, I was diagnosed with Precocious Puberty. My endocrinologist suggested I start Lupron, and I did. It did exactly what it was supposed to do.. I quit growing taller, and stopped puberty-like symptoms. One problem- I did not grow taller, but I was still eating. I gained a lot of weight, but the doctors promised that once I quit the shots everything would even out.  I quit the shots after 7 years of treatment, and it did not &quot;even out&quot;. The weight gain caused Insulin Resistance, which also played with my hormones, and led to Polycystic Ovarian Syndrome.
I took Effexor XL about a year ago for about 6 months. At first, it worked great. Then, I got sick and couldn 't take it for a couple days, and OMG the withdrawal. I felt like I was going to pass out, and throw up. I was dizzy. It was awful, and it took two more days of taking it before those feelings went away.  I finally decided to talk my doctor about getting off the Effexor. I had to step down at half dose intervals and in turn, go through the withdrawals 3 times over the time frame of three weeks. Just as the withdrawals subsided from one cut, I had to cut again. 
I have been on Seasonique for a little over a month now, and about two weeks ago I started my period, which I thought would be normal because of my body adjusting, but it isn 't. It is the heaviest it has ever been and I have extreme cramps so I will change my pill.
Honestly the worst thing I have ever drank in my entire life, the texture was so bizarre, was prescribed 2L to drink only managed 1.25L because I kept vomiting. Was ok though because it still cleared my bowel ready for my colposcopy and endoscopy.
Within 8 hrs of taking 2 tablets I experienced uncontrollable sweating, body shakes, vomiting, stomach cramps accompanied by loose bowel movements. Although technically this medication relieved my constipation I nearly ended up in the emergency room. 24 hrs later I still have lower back pain, cramps and am unable to keep food down. Please do not take this medication lightly!
I am 21 years old with nexplanon I have gained a significant amount of weight, I am 5 '11, I went from 155 pounds to 190 pounds in a span of 2 months. It 's been incredibly difficult to lose weight I strictly drink water and monitor my calories. It 's been an absolute nightmare, I have no idea how I could 've possibly gained so much weight, my metabolism has never been the same. I rarely get my period which is a plus, and it does it 's job but the weight gain is miserable.
I have been on Flagyl many times.  Hate the awful metallic taste it leaves (24/7)!
I 've been taking 60mg  of Cymbalta and 300mg of Lyrica along with other meds like Tylenol 3, Vicodin, trazodone,  alprazolam and vitamins for about 9 months for fibromyalgia. I haven 't noticed much of any difference in the pain dept. The only thing I notice is the trazodone and alprazolam helps me sleep about 5-6 hours a night. The pain is still there and I 'm just getting so tired of all the pain and frustration. I 've seen a rheumatologist and a physiatrist but nothing has changed. I don 't know what else to do or try.
I started off with implanon, I loved it and was great. When it timed out the doctors switched my implanon out with nexplanon, assuring me it was an even better form of implanon. What I can tell you is that the nexplanon is highly effective, no pregnancy scares here. But what I can tell you is I 've had some of the worst cramps of my life on this. Sometimes it 's regular cramps and sometimes it 's so severe I throw up. I have stuck it out for over a year with nexplanon but after no explanations for the pain- I am ready to have it removed. The three years on implanon were good but nexplanon is not so much. And don 't get me started on the day to day feeling of just being sick all the time. I hope this post help some of you.
I gave this patch a 3 because I want to be as honest as possible. I 'm 26 years old, and switched from oral bc to the patch 4 months ago. Only pros; not having to take a pill everyday and that I 'm not pregnant. The cons however are endless. I 'm always tired. Im normally an active person but now all I want to do is stay in bed. Severe mood swings; my sister and boyfriend have pointed out that I 'm always either depressed or behaving like an angry monster. Ive put on 15 pounds and my breast have gone up a cup size (not good since I was already a DD). I never got cramps before the patch; now they 're so bad I can barely move for the first 2 days of my period. I also have severe back pain even though I haven 't had any injury whatsoever.
I have been taking Betmiga for 3 months now and haven 't found it to work much. I 'd say there has been an improvement in frequency, but it hasn 't even touched my other symptoms at all. However I have found the side effects to be milder than previous medications I have tried (such as oxybutnin and regurin), but I have gotten UTIs roughly once a month whilst on this medication.
I immediately noticed my anxiety went down but I had to stop taking the medication because I would sleep up to 16 hours a day, which was not practical as a law student. I also experienced severe nausea and headaches. I felt extremely frustrated that I was prescribed this medication by my doctor.
I took TriNessa because I had really bad acne around my period. I 've taken it for a month now and when I have my period my skin is clear. But when I 'm not on my period my skin isn 't. It 's kind of opposite of what it was doing before.
I had an okay experience at first, the only positive thing was that my periods were lighter. The cramping was awful though. I constantly had a headache caused from the estrogen levels so they switched me to something not so high. I was on it for 3 months before they switched me to Aviane.
Mentally, I had no hallelujah moment. My slow and steady upward climb could be Wellbutrin and/or therapy. I began with 150 XL, moved up to 300 XL, began developing rashes, and so I moved back down to 150 XL.Within a month of taking 150 XL, I had transient weird and sharp pains in my right thumb. It was located just under the thumbnail, in the &quot;corner&quot; closest to the palm and the rest of the fingers. It started slowly, and got much worse. It hurt in the morning, after eating, after exercising, and when I was cold (or too hot). I had several MRIs, tumor diagnoses, and surgeries which did not fix the sometimes crippling pain. I stopped taking Wellbutrin recently and the pain has already subsided substantially.  The more you know.
Took my first .4 mg capsule last night. Woke up a lot with a stuffy nose. Got up this AM, was a little dizzy, MASSIVE headache, stuffy/runny nose. I don 't notice any urinary improvement (does that take time??) This headache! Ugh!
I have been ill with constipation most of my life but in pregnancy its been very extreme. And in stead of helping (I 'm on day 3 of using senna) all its done is give me sickness and severe heartburn
I got the implant March 10, 2017 and got it removed April 4th, 2017. I know this was a short amount of time but I needed to have it removed because it was really messing with my mental health. I can deal with the physical side affects of it but once it starts messing with my mental health this badly I needed out. I am graduating college in May and I thought it was the stress of that that was causing me to act way differently than I usually am but I have had anxiety/depression and it was like this or worse. I know myself/body well enough to know something was wrong with me. As soon as it was removed I felt 1,000 better even in that short amount of time I had it. I started the pill know and hope that it works out better for me.
Needed something for severe anxiety and this worked really well at first. I was amazed at how well it worked for the first month and then it all went downhill from there which is strange because I have read it takes a month to work in some people. Was taking 2 doses a day and it worked great but it was short lived. Tried 3 doses a day and that only made it worse. Just felt horrible on it after a couple of months. Maybe it will  work for you but it was not for me
I tried it today cause I&rsquo;ve been getting really bad migraines and I tried it expecting it to work but instead I got bad side effects neck is tighten and I also have a severe migraine really disappointed and going to speak to my doctor about finding me something else never taking it again...
19 weeks pregnant, got told I had a UTI. I was prescribed this medicine, take it every 12 hours for 10 days. It did not work at all. Still dealing with all UTI symptoms.
The idea of this is great. I got mine put in on July 24,14 &amp; taken out Jan 19,15. I get sick with pill birth control &amp; recently moved to Florida so I got it put in. I had no bleeding for 2 months then all of a sudden it never stopped. I was miserable and depressed with always bleeding and never being able to be intimate. I have friends with great experiences but this wasn 't the case for me. They put me on birth control pills to help the bleeding it helped until the pills ran out. Ultimately after 2 months of constant bleeding I went in to a different doctor becuase I 'm now out of the state I got it put in just for a consultation and she immediately offered to take it out.
Well this medication improved my mood related to possible social anxiety but on the 3 day of taking I had some psychosis related side effects in aggravation then started to get very hyper but depressed bad experience
I had surgery for a benign brain tumor over 8 yrs. ago; Gamma Knife radiation surgery 3 yrs. ago. The Gamma Knife surgery left me with scar tissue that caused me to have my first partial seizure. This required me to remain on seizure medication, levetiracetam. To prevent recurrent seizures, I was on a dose of 1,000 mg./ 2x 's day. I was on this dosage for over 2 yrs. No seizures, but side effects crept up slowly: bad memory loss, difficulty finding words, fatigue, weight gain. Then, the intolerable ones: deep depression, mood swings, crazy flip-out anger. It just kept getting worse, until I couldn 't wait to get off of it! My doctor called it the &quot;Keppra Rage&quot;. I guess this is well- known side effect that I could not tolerate.
I had had Implanon for a year and at first it was fine. Some breakthrough bleeding but eventually got to regular periods. And when closing in on a year with the implant I had my period for a month. I can 't describe the difference in the period either, it was excessive. This birth control does what it is supposed to but with side effects. I had a good 8 months on it but I am getting it out next week. No woman wants to be on their period like that and never knowing when to expect it or how long it will last.
So I started bc yesterday... no joke I 'm hormonal as heck! Even typing this makes me want to cry. I mean I 'm a small woman 21, 4&quot;11 and I kind of expected to be like this. My doctor said it tricks my brain into thinking its preagnant so that certain part of my body stop working.  Like in this case the inflammation that causes my deadly cramps. Now I 'm new to this whole birth control but I think its normal to feel sad and gain weight and all that because of what women go through during pregnancy so though it makes me feel super tired its kind of a good thing cause get this, I 'm an insomniac haha.  These mood swings are laughable - when I catch myself crying because I didn 't share my sandwhich with my two dogs. Long story short I 'm hoping this works
I tried this medicine but had to discontinue using it. The side effects were horrible for me.
I had it inserted on halloween, I started my period ten days later and haven 't stopped bleeding since, I got it so I wouldn 't get pregnant but I 'm not gonna get pregnant if I don 't have sex with all this bleeding, I have been bleeding for 13 days.
I began Nuvaring in July and omg I wish I haven 't. I 've been depressed ever since I started, nausea every once in a while but literally crying my eyes out every single day. I 've thought to seek help, I 've never experienced depression this bad or these thoughts before... thought I was just unhappy and idk what told me to check these reviews but I 'm glad I did and I can 't relate more. Took out my nuvaring last night... I 'm done, 
Started taking clindamycin for a sinus infection. On day one, I took one pill at breakfast and one at lunch. When I took one pill at dinner, I was having difficulty swallowing. It felt like there was something stuck in my throat. Also in my sternum area I felt a tightening. I didn 't know what was happening. The next morning I looked up the side effects and difficulty swallowing and tightness in the chest are listed. I switched to a different antibiotic and will avoid this one as it obviously affects me.
I took this med before driving somewhere. About an hour after insertion and on my way home, I started to itch. The itch turned into a breathtaking burn. I was driving like a bat out of Hell trying to figure out how to explain the situation to an officer should I be pulled over for speeding.Thankfully I made it home and ran inside to shower. I scratched the itch, washed my vag 3 times, let the water run over it for a good 5 minutes, then got out. I used Vagisil wipes and screamed in agony. After getting dressed, I sat on the couch with my legs spread and slightly whimpering. It has been 3 hours and I think some of the meds have run out of my vag and are now burning my butt.Hopefully this really works. 
OMG..Y 'all are scaring me with some of the responses I 'm seeing on here..I just started Zoloft 150mg for OCD.Obsessive thoughts and depression.It will be two weeks on the 23..Actually I feel the same before I started taking it..I haven 't notice any side effects so far.What do y 'all think?
I have been using Androgel for about 3-1/2 weeks now. 4 pumps a day( 5 grams), and I am finding no difference in mood, sex drive, libido, weight, or anything. I have been applying it as recommended, yet nothing. I do not know my numbers as of yet, as my Doctor prescribed this over the phone. I was hoping that this would help me turn the corner.
I was diagnosed with ADD and my doctor recommended me to take vyvanse 40mg. The first day I took it around 6:00 am and it started to work about an hour in. I was able to focus very well and was a lot more sociable. However, the good effects of the medicine only lasted for 5 hours and then everything went downhill and I felt depressed. My heart was beating faster than usual, dry mouth, and had no desire for food. The next day thinking it would be better, it didn 't kick in until around 2:00pm and only lasted for a few hours. Sometimes it would leave me feeling very antisocial and aggitated. Today is my last day taking it because it hasn 't worked for me at all today. Wasn 't hungry all day, felt very sweaty, nervous, aggitated, out of breathe.
Provigil made me lose my appetite at first, I lost about 20 pounds. The energy was great for a few months but it lost it 's effectiveness. It only took me four months to reach the maximum dose. 
I just tried this medicine because I had continuously heard it worked. I will say I felt alot of energy for the first couple of hours after taking it and I did lose 5 pds the first two days..which was GREAT! but... I experienced terrible side effects..other than the normal dry mouth, some jitters and restlessness... I experienced severe mood swings, irritability and I became angry out of no where. I know side effects are different for everyone.. This was my personal experience.. I Think the medicine could 've really helped me with losing weight, but I 'm not willing to have the side effects. Good luck to everyone!!
I 've tried Cefdinir twice. It helped my infection but in both cases I could not finish the drug because of severe nausea and vomiting. I won 't take it again.
I have tried lexapro, Zoloft, calexa, and brintellix. My body does not tolerate meds well. Lexapro was so intense that I took it for only two days and suffered almost every possible side effect. Zoloft caused nausea, weight loss, &amp; I was still having panic attacks. Calexa was good, but I had increased migraines. Now I am trying brintellix, but my anxiety is back. I am crying without a direct reason. I am extremely tired. I also have an upset stomach. I suppose I will have to decide which side effects I can tolerate and just &quot;live&quot; with the nuisance. At this point, I don 't want to cry every day. I want to have energy and enjoy life again.
Been on this med for 5 weeks. First of all the med definatly has helped my mood. I have been feeling mentally fantastic like I had felt 10 years ago before being depressed. All cobwebs gone thinking clearly and getting everything done and accomplished . Well this is where the down fall starts. Cant stop moving until I am so tired I pass out.I do sleep well and through the night but only seem to need  less than 6 hours verus 8 in the past. Legs, feet, arms and hands hurt. They tingle with numbness, feel heavy as bricks weak and rubbery and so swollen I cant hold anything or walk. I am picking up a deep cough and my throat is starting to feel closed up. It was nice to feel clear happy and not depresssed for this time but I need to walk.
I was taking to control facial hair growth. I just finished my first pack and I 've see all the negative side effects. My period was light, only needing a panty liner but I 've been spotting for over two weeks now. I never had heavy periods so it 's kind of annoying. I did get and am still bloated. The hair growth have not stopped, still grows at the same pace. If no change in three months, I plan to stop.
I am a 31 year old female. Paroxatine definitely helped my mood but it made me lethargic and I gained about a kilo a month for the five months I was on it. I was unhappy about the weight gain so I tapered off very slowly and didn 't have any serious side effects besides being a bit emotional for a week. Losing the weight seems to be harder than it was before I took the medication. It didn 't help my mood anymore than sertraline or Effexor did and the side effects of those were far more tolerable than so much weight gain.
I got the IUD inserted just three days ago. Ouch!! I was not expecting the pain I experienced. I have cramps and bleeding but I really hope it 's worth it. Reading about the possible effects scares me a bit. Praying for positive outcomes!!
I have been using this cream for over six months, didn 't do anything to my skin but one day it left me to have a red swollen face in the morning. Iching then started to come and my (allergic reaction) or so disappeared after 4-6 days.
While on Lexapro, I had the best and worst times of my life. I switched to Lexapro from Paxil in college and it made an immediate difference -- no more brain fog or fatigue, and all the anxiety fighting effects. I was very happy and able to deal with the high stress of superior achievement in a difficult major. However, one night I had too much to drink (not high enough BAC for alcohol poisioning, just more than I was used to) and woke up the next morning a fearful, panicked, and emotional wreck. That was over 2 and 1/2 yrs ago and I am still not the same person I used to be. I can 't say for sure that the Lexapro and the alcohol caused this major change in me, but my time on Lexapro has certainly shown me the polar opposites of my life.
I have been taking birth control for almost 2 years now and I have been changing my prescription very often. However, I have been on this pill since around August/September of 2016. My old pills helped with bloating, cramps, and flow and none of that changed when I started Junel fe. However for the past three months or so, I have had HORRIBLE mood swings, been feeling really depressed, I argue with my boyfriend and minutes later I don 't even know what I got mad at (which is not like me at all.)  I talked to a friend and she said this pill also made her feel crazy. My cramps are only bad the first day which is usually the second/third day that I take my placebo pills. I will be switching prescriptions within the next few weeks.
I have been taking Viibryd 40mg for 6 weeks. From about the third day I felt an improvement in my mood and energy. But starting around week four my mood started to change for the worst. I was grumpy and had zero patience for anything. My husband, my two year old, my dog, the list went on. Now at week six I 'm ready to jump out a window. I have a Drs. appointment this upcoming week. I need to take myself off of this. I had high hopes for this back to square one.
I have been on this birth control for quite sometime I had many side effects such as weight gain, dizziness/Lightheadedness, nausea, vomiting, severe onset of migraines and headaches, moodiness. It was a great way to regulate my period and protect against pregnancy I have been on it for 5 years. I stopped taking it for at least 6 months to a year and all of the side effects were gone, however, I became active again and started taking it I have been on it for more than 6 months now and have gained more weight, more headaches/migraines, more moodiness, increased dizziness and lightheadedness, it was a good way to start my periods regularly and to get them on track, but I can do without all of these side effects and being tired all the time.
I 've been taking this for about 2 years now when my gyno switched me from Junel. I noticed irritability and mood swings when I first started but thought I got over it after a while. Short periods and effective. However, I just stopped taking it last week and I noticed, I 'm assuming after my hormones have started to regulate again that my irritability and anxiety is little to none. When taking the pill pretty anything could irritate me and after about a week of being off the pill even I noticed a drastic change in my behavior. I feel much more level headed. I 've also always had very clear skin but not since I started taking this so hopefully it will go away soon. I have also noticed decreased appetite since stopping.
I broke out in hives and was very lethargic when I woke up and about 3 hours later was still tired
I was on Cyclafem for about three years and started having horrible cramps outside of the week of my period. It also made me extremely tired and gain weight. I just switched and I am feeling better so hopefully it stays like this.
I 've only been on Loestrin 24 FE for three weeks. Prior to starting these pills, I hadn 't had my period since July 1, 2011. By the second week of taking these pills, I 've had severe flooding, horrible cramps, diarrhea, and my skin is blotchy. My doctor told me that I would probably start my period or at least &quot;spot&quot; but I have extremely heavy flow right now. I realize that maybe this is due to the endometriosis that built up from my PCOS and uterine fibroid issue, but I had no idea it would feel like Niagara Falls. I am also waking up every night around 3AM and having nightmares. All started as soon as I took these pills.
I just had my Implanon removed today after having it for a little over a year and a half. The ONLY good thing about the Implanon was the convenience of it; I never had to worry about taking a pill or constantly refilling a prescription. HOWEVER, the Implanon made me more moody, emotional, depressed, and anxiety ridden. I spotted for 6 months straight after I had it put in and then would randomly get my period. I gained 25lbs. The only good thing about Implanon was piece of mind. But the side effects were not worth it.
Initially I liked this pill. My skin was glowing and my boobs were getting bigger. I didn 't feel hungrier, overall I felt good. But around the 2 1/2 month mark I started to retain water big time all over. I know it wasn 't my diet , and I was exercising. I know my lifestyle was on point, so I was happy to jump on the scale and weigh myself cuz I am still trying to lose the baby weigh of my 4 month old. Shocking to me, I did Not lose any weight (not one pound). The scale was the same as a month of dieting &amp; exercising. I was soooo bummed. I stopped taking the pill and in 4 days I lost 7 pounds. I hope this helps. Good luck ladies.
I 've been taking the pill for 3-4 years now and it had always given me weird side effects before my period that changed with each month. Some months I would experience cramps, or breast tenderness that I never had before being on it. It also made me gain weight and increased my anxiety and depression. However, the past few months my side effects have worsened just before my period. Depression and anxiety gets really bad for 1-2 days and I started vomiting. This month I couldn 't even get out of bed I experienced nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, back pain, dizziness, weakness.
Not sure if I 'm pregnant yet or not, but what I do know for sure is that the day after I took plan b I felt nauseous, feverish, and I had extreme body pains. It has now been 3 days since I 've taken plan b &amp; my symptoms only seem to be getting worse.
I have recently reviewed the side effects associated with this medication and have found I have experienced quite a few of them. To my dismay, and my overall naiveness, these have contributed to some of the most uncomfortable and embarrassing situations. First and foremost, I had to have cataracts removed from both eyes just two years ago. Then there are the two bouts of pneumonia, the most recent was double pneumonia. Weight gain nearly impossible to control, swelling of feet and lower legs is becoming far too frequent these days, numbness in the extremities, rashes have been getting even worse than they have been in a while, suffered through shingles, eczema, and other strange and sundry skin maladies. I 've been on it too long, obviously.
I 'm using a small amount applied with a qtip on the red area quite effective.  I have a mild case of rosacea due to hormonal changes.  I don 't use it daily, only when needed and again, sparingly.
I did the three injections and got less relief than the cortisone injections I had.  Plus the shots are expensive even with insurance.
I 've been on lol for about 5 months now. I have experienced heavy bleeding for weeks at one point. But for the most part my biggest complaint is the mood swings that I 'm getting. It 's getting to the point where I am unable to control my emotions, I feel angry mid pack for no reason. It has definitely strained my relationships. I also receive random headaches. I 'm not taking this pill anymore. For the most part it does help prevent pregnancy.
In my last review i praised my thoughts on Linzess. Unfortunately this med has lost its effectiveness for me. Suddenly I am all blocked up again. I am taking as directed and eat a good diet with plenty of exercise. Apparenty not for me long term.
Been on Hysingla 6 months now; this is my 3rd posting about the experience. I 'm using 40 mg ER and have given up. Just too darn tired all the time and 12/24 hours still in back pain so what the hell, I 'm gonna ask the Dr to put me back on 10/325 Percs 4 times daily.
When I got the Skyla inserted,  I was in excruciating pain.  After the insertion,  I was cramping so bad and the pain was so bad,  I could not stop crying.  I sat in a comfortable room with a recliner until the pain subsided.  For the first month or so,  I felt so dizzy like I had vertigo. I was getting really bad migraines especially at night. Now two months later,  I don 't feel dizzy nor have headaches but I constantly feel pain on my ovaries.  When the did the ultrasound,  the found a cyst on one of my ovaries.  I 've been on birth control pills for 12 years and have never felt this pain or pressure before.  I hurt almost everyday. I 'm thinking about getting the IUD removed.  I think my body is rejecting it.
I 've been taking this for a few months now. No bad side effects just a lot of bleeding. I 'll have my period for a week then boom another one a week and a half later and this one is way heavier and crappier. I 've basically bled for almost a month. It 's ruining my sex life.
While it is effective in that I have not gotten pregnant, it has not been an overall positive experience for me.. Since getting Nexplanon 3 months ago, my period has come about every week and a half and then between the periods I 'm almost constantly spotting. I called to see about having it removed but the doctor said that many women stop getting their periods after the first six months so she advised that I wait until the end of the year to remove it. If I 'm still spotting and having these miserable periods by the end of the year I will definitely get it removed although I am hoping they stop so I can keep it because I like not having to worry about getting pregnant or needing on-hand contraception with me. It takes away the worry factor.
I have not had a good experience with this medication. I 've had the implant since March, had a 2 week long period in April, no period in May and a 2 week long period in June followed by constant spotting of either blood or brown discharge. I 've also gained weight and my acne has gotten worse. I think there 's less of an emotional side effect and more me upset at what is going on. I was completely regulated on the pill and am considering going back to that because I 'm worried about there being something wrong internally with my uterus on this implant. It 's taking a toll on my relationship because I feel self conscious and apprehensive about having sex.
First antidepressant I tried after my first panic attack (which eventually turned into GAD based depression).  This med didn 't seem to help at all.  Made me super somnolent yet I couldn 't sleep without the aid of a benzo.  My brain just felt overactive.  First time I took it was for about 2 and 1/2 weeks, hated how I felt, got off and was fine.  Second time, a few months later, feelings came back.  I decided to try this one more time.  Again, worse sleep and just made me feel super disconnected and tired all the time.  Mind you, I originally tried at night and after no success with sleep, switched to morning.  After a month, I stopped it.  It wasn 't helping at all.  Heard this is most sedating of SSRI 's but wasn 't for me.
I am 50yo and was on 1-4mg Hytrin for 7 months for urinary retention and disliked it. It barely made a dent in my symptoms, and made me tired and fatigued - muscles always felt weak, was frequently irritable and interfered with my sleep. Took forever to build up to 4mg. However, I still had a libido with few sexual side effect, which was a very nice surprise. Recommend trying it to see if it works even though it 's one of the older alpha-blockers.
I have been on Arimidex since December.  I am experiencing locked up hands in the a.m. with pain; weakened grips and discomfort using the computer for my job.    Also,at times low back and sciatica pain.  I am considering changing medication.
Has a calming effect helps sleep
Started taking it over the summer on a starter pack. I hate eating, and if you don 't eat with this med, you 're going downhill. Nausea, vomiting, major headaches, and more black and white BPD symptoms than without. Was placed on Deplin with it, but felt sick all the time. Haven 't been back since school started due to other things, and in all honesty, the meds made it hard. Everything was elevated. Nightmares were worse. Little day to day events, terrible. A simple manic episode that I was used to? 12 times higher. Really disliked it.
I 'm 23 and was on the shot for 6 months. Before I was on the pill but didn 't like the side affects and remembering to take it everyday. The first month on the shot was great! Then slowly things went downhill and got bad. I was getting acne on my back, which I never got before and was really insecure about, and my periods were getting longer. I decided to get the second shot because I knew my body had to get used to the hormones. Then I got very intense cramps that would wake me up in the night and make me feel sick. My period would last 2 weeks! Before I had a very light and short period and light cramps. These new changes are too much for me so didn 't get the third shot. Going to try the patch.
first of all i wonder why people are calling this medicine as expensive..i m from india ..i got this in $ 5 for 10 tablets..second my exp. was kind of ok..will give 4/10
Was an effective form of birth control and cleared up my acne spectacularly; however, I started getting horrible migraines during the week I was not taking the hormones. My hands and left side of my face would go numb, I would get nauseous, and I would be incapable of doing anything but lie there because I could not fall asleep because of the pain.
This is my second med for blood pressure the first was metaprolol which had me completely out of it. I was switched to norvasc along with propanalol to calm the anxiety but it hasn 't worked. I get 3-4 hours of sleep where as before the meds I was sleeping 8-10. I have this overwhelming feeling on a daily basis along with anxiety and panic. I have these uncontrolled quivers in the middle of the morning like i cold. Now the nausea is so bad I haven 't been able to eat a full mean in over 2 weeks. I 'm always tired and starting to have self-esteem issues due to the rapid weight loss ov 20 lbs. I see the doctor tomorrow to get off this medicine it has taken more from me than helped. I need my normal back!
Had a lumpectomy for Stage I Advanced Breast Cancer followed by radiotherapy. Then was put on each of the aromatase inhibitors, letrozole and the other one. Basically I was unable to continue either after 10 days due to increasingly debilitating dizziness, nausea, crying, etc. Then put on tamoxifen, and I developed lymphodoema. So tamoxifen was discontinued but still have moderate lymphodoema. Then put on aromasin. Initially able to tolerate it but increasing light-headedness (four minor car accidents) and debilitating joint pain (everywhere), poor sleep somewhat countered with Lyrica. I had already been diagnosed with widespread arthritis in the joints and the pain with aromasin has been intolerable so discontinued, against medical advice.
I 've only been on this birth control for about a month and I already don 't like it.  I 've been spotting for about 2 weeks now, I get head aches, vivid nightmares, gained weight, terrible mood swings. The list goes on... The reason why I switched birth controls was because my last one (the depo shot) was giving me extremely bad head aches and cramps. Also I bled for 3 whole months while being on it. I just want to find a birth control that fits me and doesn 't give me all of these symptoms.
Don 't take any medicine unless it 's absolutely necessary.  I 've taken this for 5 years..... Extreme dizziness especially when working out. Brain fog was incredible and your hair may also thin. It 's not a good experience at all. I stopped the medicine a little while ago and now control my blood pressure w diet and exercise (without the feeling I am passing out)
I have been on BC for about 4 years now, generally the same pill just different generic names ( I move a lot ) Sowhen I last moved and got a new doctor she recommended taytulla, it was new and she told me I was on an &ldquo;older version&rdquo; of birth control and this one was great only a few days of light periods etc. well, first month, no side effects but my period was about 2/3 days. Second month my period was like 1 maybe 2 days, super light. 3rd month I didn&rsquo;t even get my period, I have never skipped a period before I didn&rsquo;t miss a pill and I was freaking out. I took 2 pregnancy tests both negative, I called my doctor she said it was normal and this pill &ldquo;does that&rdquo;, so I&rsquo;m switching back b/c I don&rsquo;t feel like buying a test every month.
For me, Prozac was unfortunately not so much of a success. I didn 't feel worse but I didn 't feel great either. I started taking it in Oct 2016 with a dose of 10 mg, then upped to 20mg and eventually to 40 mg. So really I changed doses 3 times in 3 months. (Which is probably not the best since you don 't get to get use to the drug.) but anyways I wasn 't feeling any better. Still felt down and very depressed. My psychiatrist has officially switched me to Venlafaxine (which I 'm afraid of, since the reviews of that drugs aren 't all positives). I have to say,  while on the Prozac,  sometimes I felt good but the majority of the time, I felt very depressed (not because of the drug). My side effects were fatigue and diarrhea.
20, female. I 've been taking 100mg for 18 months I feel a lot better than what I did in regards to my depression but I feel nauseous 70% of the time and if I accidentally forget a pill I feel absolutely awful. Bizarre dreams, incredibly tired, diarrhea and paresthesia. I 'm afraid to stop taking it for good because of what it does to me, something I 'll be discussing with my doctor.
I had to switch from the patch to this, and that was the worst mistake. This pill had so many side-effects that came very slowly for the 6 months I was on it, and acne started developing on my cheeks, my chin, and on my chest. The acne was purple and really nasty. I never had acne in my life before! My periods almost went away with this pill, which honestly was the silver lining if you want to call it that. The worst part was that I had no interest in sex at all. Zero libido. So glad that I am off this pill. It was NOT for me.
Pros:Effective (Always was on time for my injection)No periodNo more PMSCons:Cramping on and off throughout a year on Depo shotGained 50 pounds within a year Raised blood pressureNervousness and dizziness
I had gotten the Mirena at the advice of my gyn after being told that I could not do traditional birth control due to other health conditions. I do not have children. It hurt going in. I have had multiple endometrial biopsies that hurt a lot less. It was put in on 10/15/15 and I have not stopped bleeding since. I think that the bleeding has actually started to steadily started to become heavier. I will be contacting my GYN again on Monday to see about getting it taken out and other options.
I have taken Prozac 20 and 40mg quite a few years ago with really positive outcome, but at a point it stopped working so I went to welbutrin.  recently I started to get panic again and my doctor thought adding Prozac into my daily regimen would help because it worked so well in the past.  The side effects were so difficult for 3 weeks.  crying, unable to eat, anxiety every minute, lost about 10 pounds which was a good side effect :).  but they did subside.  It seemed to be working but now some days I am having anxiety again and tremors daily.  Unfortunately it isn 't working this time around and will be switching off it, but I would definitely recommend it for people since it did once work wonderfully for my panic and GAD.
I started taking this medicine about 2 years ago now. I am on the 40 mg dose and at first everything was great, my grades improved, I could focus in public. But now, my loss of appetite is crazy. I 'm 13 and I only weigh 82 lbs. I become very short tempered with my friends and I get annoyed at the littlest things. It also brings my mood way down. When I 'm on my medicine I feel depressed and anxious constantly. I still get my a 's and b 's in school but I don 't think it 's worth all the side affects.
Even though this pill worked as intended to prevent pregnancy, I wouldn 't recommend it based on the side effects I experienced. I had been on Sprintec for about a year (which I love) when there was a mix-up at the drug store and I got this instead. I decided to stick with it for three months to see if the symptoms cleared and they did not. My period lasted longer than usual, and I experienced crippling pain during it. I started to break out in acne on my face and body, and I was having a difficult time controlling my emotions and I became upset all the time. Do yourselves a favor and just use Sprintec!!
First off this medicine is waaaaay over priced. My doctor didn 't have any samples but I went online and they offer a free ten day trial. I highly suggest you try it before you commit.  It did not make me fall asleep or remain asleep. I would place this right up there with a heavy dose of Tylenol pm 's.
The inhaler process is very rough on the nose; burning sensation, bad taste, sore throat. But eventually that goes away and you are left with an analgesic good for very mild pain. My doctor prescribed it for occasional severe back pain and it is not working for that.
I have taken my first injection four days ago and after half a day with just a runny nose and headache, I have become very unwell with such bad backache and pain under my shoulder blade, temperature and nightmares/depression I am feeling I may have to stop before the next one.Has anyone out there felt like this after and weighed up the stiffness to severe new pains?
I have had my IUD for almost a year now and theonly positive thing about it is that i have not gotten pregnant. I 've gained so much weight and just can 't seem to get rid of it. My sex drive is completely gone. I bleed more days a month than i don 't. I 'm really very unhappy with it. I plan on calling my doctor on Monday to schedule an appointment to remove it.
I got the implanon October 2016 and have had it now for 3 months. The first 2 months I had light bleeding from my period for 3 days and no period for the rest of that month. This month I have bled nonstop for the whole month and its bright red signaling no sign of going off. Implanon seemed to be a good idea at first but with these periods I cannot do it anymore. I 'm having it taken out this week.
Everyone has different experiences with Liletta. I got the Liletta replaced after Skyla had fallen out. Insertion for both were the same. Just a pinch and it was over. Not bad at all. For the Liletta, the strings were cut too short. I had a few days of spotting after insertion, but then I was back to normal. The pro is that Liletta was very effective in avoiding pregnancy and it got rid of my period. The con is that I experienced frequent painful headaches, cramping before my periods (which is new to me), painful sex from sharp ovary pain and dryness, low libido, acne, weight gain, and serious bloating. For removal, I had to get my cervix dilated because the strings curled up inside. Two months have passed and now I 'm 15lbs down &amp; symptoms have faded
my mother was prescribed imdur this after heart attack stent placement. She had horrible body aches and felt like her body was crushed, worst pain of her life she said.   plus her feet were on fire and her body was ice cold she was shivvering and couldn 't see so it affected her eyes too
I had Implanon inserted in March of 2010 and it was fantastic for the first 8 months. However, shortly after October I began my period, and it continued NONSTOP for the following 5 months until I finally caved and had it removed. Both of my college roommates had it, one a whole 3 years before me. My advice would be to see how you react to hormones before you make this commitment. 
I used the generic Monistat 1 (tioconazole), and for the first few hours it was great- no burning and I fell asleep quickly. A few hours later I woke up absolutely dying. It burned so much, and my vulvar lips were so swollen (HUGE!), so red and visibly irritated. I had to use an ice pack to help decrease some of the pain. I left the ointment in because I figured i already suffered this much, I might as well let it do its job. By the time I woke up though, the swelling had gone down considerably, no more burning, and my yeast infection felt 90%better (I 'm still using the topical miconazole from a previous package to help with the mild residual itch). So even though it 's a few hours of literal torture and you will lose sleep, it did work well
I started this birth control in January shortly after I had my son and kept taking it for almost 9 months..I was loosing hair the entire time but I blamed it on the fact I just had a baby so I kept waiting for it to stop and it didn 't. Besides that everything was fine up until the 8th month taking it..my period became irregular I had 0 sex drive and vaginal dryness which was terrible..I also gained some weight on this pill...over all it didn 't work for me but that 's not to say it won 't work for anyone else!
I took this to help with the endless, debilitating fatigue I have from fibromyalgia. It didn 't relieve my physical or mental fatigue at all but it did keep me awake until three in the morning (I took it about 11 am). I felt jittery and feverish (no actual fever, though). It kept me going all day but I still had the heavy, uncomfortable feelings of physical and mental fatigue. 
So I have had the nexplanon for about 8 months now. At first I bled for about two weeks straight. Then I did not have a period for 6 months. But when I did I bled heavily for over two weeks straight. It has caused an abnormal discharge, along with skin rashes, and my hair has been falling out since I got it put in. Making it super thin. As a birth control it works. It is super effective. But in my opinion the negative side effects definitely outweigh the positive. Looking to get it taken out as soon as I can.
When I first got nexplanon in, my arm hurt for about two years. Also it makes my period about 32 days with having about 60 day break. I don 't care much for it in that regard. It does work good as far as not having any babies.
I had my first deposit injection 22/01/16 when my 3rd baby was 13 weeks old, I had already been 3 days into a period and came off the day after. Sunday night I started bleeding really heavy and dark with tiny clots. I 've been on and off, really heavy to really light everyday, I know it 's only 8 days but I had just had a period so no need for bleeding. Really annoyed as last time I used the depo almost 4 years ago I had phantom movements and felt pregnant all the time so has taken me this long to give it another go and it 's not going great from the off!!
I 've been using it for a while and it helps, but it isn 't great. 
I have had the Nexplanon for 6 months now, and i want it removed! As far as getting it placed in my arm, it was not bad did not hurt much at all. After 3-4 weeks my period came like scheduled and no exaggeration on this i bled for 2 months straight! I was hoping after it 's done i won 't get my period for awhile or at least it would just go back to normal. No such luck every month til now i have my period and spot for 2 weeks out of the month. It makes me miserable and is effecting my sex life. As far as weight gain i have 'nt gained or lost weight. If the bleeding is 'nt a problem then i would suggest it, it is just not for me!
It works but!. It has given me bad tinnitus (ringing in ears) that so far has been permanent and is driving me insane......
On my 2nd dose. Having very little nausea and easy to mix/inject. I am having higher numbers. Morning numbers were normal and now they are higher. Hitting over 300 on some readings. I feel very hungry and can 't seem to eat enough. I workout in class 4x a week and do something active each day. Dr just told me to add in 1/2 glipizide daily. Have hopes that this will eventually work but concerns because I already have thyroid nodules and hypothyroidism (almost 40 years on synthroid).
I went on the pill for my acne and I have to say that for that IT COULD NOT BE ANY BETTER. I used to have horrible cystic acne and it was constant but after starting the pill my face is consistently clear. The downside, CRAZY moodswings. I literally burst into tears for no reason all the time and I was diagnosed with anxiety and depression which I never had before I started the pill. I can go from having the best day of my life to not moving from bed for two days in an instant and that scares me so I will be choosing not to take the pill anymore as even though I love having clear skin, I dont want to sacrifice my sanity.
While this medication did take away my travel sickness, I had blurred vision all week and now severe blurred vision 3 days after removing the patch and I did wash my hands after applying each patch.  I was extremely thirsty the entire week, extreme dry mouth. Approximately 24 hours after removing the patch, I felt so dizzy and severely nauseous for 2 days.  I was vomiting the first of those 2 days.  I should have heeded everyone 's warnings about this toxic medication!  I will never go near it again!!
Felt like a fart but it was a shart. Saw double, can 't sleep, loss appetite , dizzy, chest pains my chest felt heavy, it did make my head forget about the pain but it was still there. Bilateral spinal muscles where in spasm. T12 L1 and 2. problem. Never took this drug ever and wont ever again. Nauseated diarrhea bile colored. I took half the pill .  It is nothing like motrin. Flexaril is a safer medication less likely to shart your pants.  But took what was prescribed never heard of this drug before.
It made feel like I was drunk all the time the unsteadiness on my feet blurred vision. It also gave me hives. It made me eat constantly and I gained like 25 pounds during the 2 mths I was on it.  My lower legs and ankles swelled up and I couldn 't get the swelling to go down and I tried everything About a wk to 2 wks after quitting benicar 300mg the side effects started subsiding my lower legs and ankles took the longest to go down even my eating has gone back to normal but now I have 25 pounds to loose. I hope this helps anyone thinking about taking it. My mother also worked with a women that took it for about a month and it made her pass out at work one day and she quit taking it too. Hope this helps!!!
I have had trouble with my hypothyroidism for 40 years. The last 4 years it has been out of control.. can 't keep my levels good. Fall asleep at the drop of a pin. Tired all the time. Doc put me on tirosint. At first I felt like a million bucks!!  Then the panic attacks started, bad horrible cramps in my legs and feet. But the worst was feeling like I was in a constant state of DIVERTICULITIS!! I was eating pain meds and on antibiotics for weeks! Then I stopped taking it. it went away.. it has only been a couple of days... but my belly is feeling better, but my aneixty is still running at a 9.. along with the irritability.
Menstrual cramps
I am finishing up my fifth packet and am switching to low ogestrel. This birth control did not work for me because I gained 10 lbs within 2 months of being on it; diet and exercise couldn 't even take it off. As for my periods while on this BC were very regular and light. I never experienced bad mood swings.
Initially I had injections for a few years.  It raised the red blood cell count significantly.  Did not find a significant improvement with the use.  T levels were below normal levels and injections brought levels to  'normal '.  Started using Androgel a few years ago.  Initially 6 applications daily, then tweaking down and up to bring the red blood count to within safe range.  Had improved T levels with Androgel.  However, lacking sex drive, lack of energy, being tired, and not much improvement with erection.  In short.... a mixed feeling about its use.
I 've taken this for about a month now, on and off. I went to the hospital because I was having chest pains and panic/anxiety attacks. The doctor prescribed this for me, and honestly it doesn 't really help much. It doesn 't really help my anxiety which has skyrocketed in the past few months. I 'll take it and think that it 's working, but ten minutes later I 'm hysterical again. It does help make me kind of tired though, so I guess that 's a good thing cause I usually only take it at night a few hours before bed because thats when my anxiety is the worst. I do agree that this helps me have more vivid dreams. If you have as bad anxiety as I do, I would reccomend something stronger.
Uh, I loved this birth control. No need to take a pill everyday go to the pharmacy every month, beautiful. I got the insert in November 2013 6 weeks after having my daughter and I haven 't had a period since. I 've gained 30 pounds and I breastfed my daughter until she was a year old. When I stopped breastfeeding I gained even more weight. If that 's not enough, I randomly have the worst acne and I don 't mean a pimple here and there full on acne all the time scars, etc, etc. Last but not least I am a bear to be around. I hate it but I can 't control it! Getting it removed next week and praying for positive results.
I inserted it due to excessive bleeding. It was torture putting it in and I spent the remainder of the day in bed. Periods stopped after 3 months. I was a reasonably fit boot camper. I went from being able to run 2km without a rest to not able to run 100m without ventolin virtually immediately after the insertion. It took me over a year to question the Mirena. I talked to my GP and we tested if I had developed asthma coincidentally. I am not an asthmatic. I asked my GP to remove it. She couldn 't locate the strings. I had to visit a gyno (took 12mths to get the courage) who fished around with her tool to locate the string and remove it. I put on weight, even while exercising. I developed fat around my waist. I regret getting it.
I 've taken this medicine about 7 times.  It works well for the UTI, and prior to taking it this last time I had little side effects.  This last time however was horrible. I couldn 't sleep (not even a wink!)  was shaky, felt like I couldn 't walk, sore everywhere, headaches from hell... all of these effects started to happen on the 5th day... the 7th day (last day) was the worst and continued for the next week. I like this medicine because it works for the UTI, but I will not take it again.  The side effects are scary.
So my acne before was mild but I was told it would start clearing my acne in the third month. I am finishing my third month and my skin is much much worse than it was. I am left with red markings/scars everywhere all over my face and I am at my wits end. I am torn between continuing or giving up,
I had paragard inserted 8 weeks after my 2nd baby was born (2years back).The process was not painful but uncomfortable. Paragard has helped me in having no pregnancies- so it does what its supposed. But at the cost of what! I was 5 '3 ' 120lb when I got it. I started gaining weight not sure whether paragard is to blame. My periods are so heavier that I can 't use tampons, and have to change the thickest pad every 2 hours for 2 days out of 5 days. My blood tests shows I am anemic despite the fact I am particular about diet. I have had constant yeast infections , 1 episode of UTI which I never had before in my life. There is a constant discharge, and pantyliner is a must.  I 'm getting removed. Pattern-most bad reviews are by people who had it for a while.
This is such a terrible pill, I have never ever felt the way I did while I was on this pill. I took the pill for 4 months. The first month was okay I had no symptoms at all. However towards the end of the month every day I either had a headache, had anxiety was very angry or miserably depressed. I couldn 't stand the person next to me, any person who made a noise or laughed too hard. I was very mean and so frustrated towards everything my boyfriend did and said and the next day I would feel bad and apologize. this pill made me feel like a crazy person and was driving me insane. One minute I was laughing the other I was crying. I do not recommened this pill to any girls out there this pill is terrible!!
I was put on it plus Wellbutrin to stabilize my mood. For 3 months I was extremely nauseous, unable to eat a thing. I lost  - 12kg 's. The side effects were tingling in my hands and feet, a feeling that my head was being pulled to one side, metallic taste, extreme brain fog, loss of vocab (I sounded like an idiot, I could hardly string a sentence together), attention span diminished and extreme muscle weakness. I became socially anxious/awkward and still am. I developed a strange curry-like smell to me. I stopped when I fell pregnant and put on 24kg 's, still holding on to 9kg 's. It seems to have ruined my metabolism. I loved the appetite suppression (why I stayed on it) but won 't go back on it, the side effects are too severe. And expensive
Used Nasonex for approximately three weeks. Discontinued use due to headaches and severe impairment of taste (metal taste). Have not used in over one week. Headaches have been relieved, but still have metal taste in mouth.
I took Cipro for five days and had to stop.  I can say that it took the symptoms of the urinary tract infection away and made me feel better that way.  On the other hand, it really aggravated some inflammatory conditions that I have had under control for a long period of time.
I just started today and wasn 't expecting to see any difference as most antidepressant take weeks to see any difference. Today about 2 hrs after taking I felt so tired. Being at work didn 't help. I have read many of the other comments and am hoping it 's a miracle drug like a lot have said. I take Seroquel for sleeping that I think will help as a lot of others say Pristiq interferes with sleeping. Hopefully I will be back to write again and hopefully there will only be positive results to write about.
I have been on Livalo 4 mg for over 2 years.  It has decreased my Cholesterol a lot, however the past year, I have had more lower back pain, pain in my shoulder (the ortho Dr said tendinitis) and since June have developed abdominal pain. Had MRI and Ultra sound, nothing found, after getting my script filled, I just so happened to read the side effects (never usually do) and bam, there it was, abdominal pain, shoulder pain, lower back pain. I just switched Drs, so I am going to fill her in on what I found out to see how she wants to proceed.  And it is very expensive, however my Dr gave me a discount card so I only pay $18 a month.
Extreme weakness, nausea, problems with memory, lethargic, slow reaction times, constant thirst, stay anxious, very sleepy during the day, no energy, wears off quick, soars at both corners of mouth, dizziness and confusion.
I 've been taking this for a couple of months and have only lost about 4 lbs. I 'm not hungry and am pretty good at watching what I eat, making healthy choices. I haven 't been doing any formal type of exercise although I am busy everyday, working around the house and in the yard. I can 't understand why I am not losing the amount of weight the other people are stating. Anyone have any thoughts or suggestions? I take one pill in the morning and 1/2 pill in the afternoon.
Day 7 for sinus infection. No different. No side effects ... nothing. As if I never started taking anything. Still have sinus infection
I am new to this medicine. I have been on several other muscle relaxers and they never did a thing for me. After reading what everyone else has said about this muscle relaxer I am praying it will help for me as well. I have a bulging disc in my lower back that is pinching my sciatic nerve which caused me a lot of pain in my left hip. 
I 've been on Zarah for about 6 months now, after switching from another pill. The good things I like about Zarah are that my acne has cleared up and I don 't have any super crazy side effects....however my period lasts for about 6-7 days and it 's very heavy the whole time...this is the worst my period has ever been. I also get a migraine for about 3 days straight when I get my period. Definitely thinking about switching because the 6-7 day period seriously sucks!!
I 've been on this for a week and it 's caused me to be more moody and nauseous pretty bad the first few days. On the 3 day it subsided momentarily then came back on the 4th day. It 's pretty much off and on, not unbearable but makes me have less of an appetite. Get dull cramps daily and was worried about it until I read these other posts. My breasts are also sore and sex drive has decreased a little.  Also been tired before it even hits 9p.m. Makes my work day longer. 
I have just started taking contrave and am on week two and will start week three tomorrow. So far I have gained back all the weight I lost before starting this medicine. I still eat the same foods I was eating before starting contrave. The only change I have is that when I do eat it makes my stomach feel extremely bloated after eating for about 30 minutes to 1 hour then I feel &quot;normal&quot; again. There is no boost of energy. I don 't know if this is how this medication is supposed to work, but I am trying. I was hoping that for the price I would see results so far but unfortunately I am back at my uncomfortable stage again since gaining the 12 pounds I had lost already...
I see a recurring theme in a lot of these entries....(person x) was prescribed Tramadol for pain, and it did wonders for depression and mood.  However, when discontinuing use, one 's symptoms quickly return, often worse than before....Tramodol is an OPIATE.  Think Opium, Heroin, Oxycodone, Hydrocodone, Codeine, etc.What you 're describing is the pattern of Opiate usage and it 's dangers.  This is why it is a poor choice for depression treatment - it 's like giving a Mercedes to a guy who 's lost his job and his house is being foreclosed on....feels good for a couple days, but.....
Whenever I have a urinary tract infection, a yeast infection is sure to follow and this time, instead of buying the 3 day treatment of Canesten that you insert inside (which has always worked well the first day), I tried the one pill.  No side effects.  However I my vagina is still itchy, burning and rubbing it no longer provides any relief anymore.  Going back to the doctor, hoping for something stronger.
Hi I am 18 and have no kids. So I had paragard inserted about two weeks ago insertion process was just very bad cramping that continued for that entire day but it actually wasn 't too bad. But I 'm already concerned with the paragard. pros: unprotected sex and no hormones since I do not do well with hormones as I had been on the pill previously. My side effects may be TMI but they are horrible vaginal odor that is non stop, moderate cramping after sex, and non stop discharge. The strings also poke my boyfriend which is sometimes a distraction... I haven 't had my period with it yet but I 'm honestly very worried about it. If you are considering paragard, just be aware of all possible side effects.
I take amlodipine, irbesartan and bystolic for high blood pressure. Amlodipine is the most effective of the three at a maximum suggested dose of 10 mg daily. It seems like bystolic is least effective (nebivolol). My heart rate does not require lowering so the bystolic may be unnecessary. I use 300 mg of irbesartan daily, the maximum dose.
So glad I had the opportunity to read how others feel about Depakote.  I have used Depakote for 8 years now for the manic side of bipolar disorder.  I have not had one manic episode since on the medication.  Great right?  I also feel as though the past 8 years of my life have slipped by and are a bit of a blur.  I was an artist, graphic designer, and had a sense of humor.  Now I feel like a numb hermit who continues to stay on this medication because she doesnt want another manic episode.
I have been taking Cymbalta for several years, having my dose upped slowly to a total of 90mg taken throughout the day.  30mg in the morning and 60mg at bedtime and even with the increases I have not had ANY pain relief that I have noticed from before I started taking the Cymbalta.  I can say though that it has somewhat helped me with some depression that I had begun to have due to the fibromyalgia.
I 've been on my fair share of generic prescriptions for birth control. And I also prefer to take the pill form ONLY. Lutera was the forth one I have been on, but only the second generic brand. And I for one am NOT a fan. Had spotting for an entire month and a half when I first swapped to this pill, and I also didn 't have a period after the first two packs (due to the spotting). I have gotten 5 migraines in the second month (migraines are rare for me) and everyday I would have a mild headache, it was annoying, also I 've felt dizzy right with my headache. It was hard to stay focused at work. On my third pack I wasn 't spotting at all, but that 's also when I received my 1st period. The cramps were excruciatingly intense I 'm 29 so this says a lot
I switched over to the NuvaRing from Gildess FE 1/20 simply for the convenience.  Gildess worked great for me, no side effects, so I figured I would try NuvaRing.  I had to stop it after two months.  The second month on the ring, I experienced off and on anxiety, depression at times, unmotivated, and just not like myself.  I attributed it to it being finals week in college... but when I didn 't feel at peace at all during break, I knew something was wrong.  I even flipped out on my boyfriend for no reason and ignored him.  The final straw was the random crying outbursts I experienced.  Nothing was bothering me, but I found myself fighting back random tears.  Back to Gildess for me!  Thank god!  I can 't sacrifice emotional stability for convenience.
First month was awesome. Absolutely wonderful. Then I started lightly bleeding. I just thought it was my period. But it has lasted up until now which has been about 2 almost 3 months. I will not take the shot again. Having your period  for months is hard on a girl. And on top of that my emotions have been insane. Like I am not a cryer. I never cry and ever since I 've had the shot watching finding nemo makes me ball. And I get pissed at people for nothing!!! Its ridiculous. Like I dislike who I have become with the shot.
I 've been diagnosed and treated 20 years ago for major depression (used Prozac).  Last year I was diagnosed again for major depression and doctor suggested I try Wellbutrin so it would not affect my sexual desire and give me some energy.  I did well the first few weeks on the starter dose 75mg/day. Then they up to 150mg/day and I had a major emotional reaction.  My body went into crying spells for 20 minutes and I couldn 't control it.  It was a weird thing. Stopped it immediately - took 2 days to wear off. 
Tamiflu had given me all the possible side effects. Whenever I took it, I could not eat anything, and if I did, I would throw it up. I had severe headaches, fatigue and bad breath as a result of taking this medicine twice per day. I would rather have just had the flu instead of taking this awful medicine. Do not recommend.
I have been prescribed every kind of pain medication. I 've been on Dilaudid 8mg for the past 8yrs. With everything I developed a tolerance to dilaudid it stopped working for me. So I jumped over to heroin  Let me tell yea first hand the biggest mistake of my life. I 've been on methadone for the past 2 yrs. And for the past 9 months I 've been Tappering off of methadone. Clonidine has helped me. God willing March 13 I will be done. Never give up!
I have been on birth control for 9 years, using different brands throughout that time period. My doctor recently gave me Lo Loestrin Fe and I was on month 3 and I stopped taking it. I looked like I had gained 15 pounds 2 weeks out of the month from bloating so badly (when I got on the scale, I was lighter than I have been in months). I got bacterial vaginosis, TWICE while on this birth control and I have NEVER had that before! 
Well this is my first time having scabies. I have them on my face and really bad on my hands. I got the permethrin cream 5% it got rid of the scabies on my face and severely dried my skin out. I have not had any relief or improvement on my hands as of yet,i been putting the cream on my hands a few times a day but it does not seem to be working well at all.
I 've been on venlafaxine for only a week for hot flashes but it 's making mefeel sleepy during the day and right out during the night. I 'm on the lowest dose.I also am constipated and have a dry mouth from time to time. 
I honestly don 't like these pills at all. I mean there are good side effects but they 're all mostly bad. The good thing about it is that I never broke out with acne and my chest got a little bigger. But the bad side of these pills is that I get sick to my stomach whenever I start a new month, major mood swings, depression to the point where I 'm thinking suicidal thoughts and usually I 'm not like that, and they don 't even help with my menstral cramps cause they are still pretty severe. Every persons body is different but if these symptoms don 't stop I 'm switching to another brand.
I haven 't really experienced anything negative with Errin other than not knowing when my period is going to show. It 's a surprise every time. But I just always carry something in my purse so it 's not a big deal for me.
My blood pressure wasn 't nearly as high as those I 've been reading in the comments and hasn 't lowered it as much. Was 140/100 now 120/70, but after 6 months have found my heart racing and my pulse seems very strong, having leg cramps and bloating (only side effect that doesn 't appear anywhere else) I 'm going to have the doctor tweak this dosage to see if I can stop the side effects.
So far not impressed. Had tummy upset  for two weeks but that did ease off. I do feel full and bloated which is good but my blood sugars are higher than when I was on othe meds by mouth. I 'm on Novo mix 30 insulin 60 morning dose and 60 evening dose. My readings over the last week have been from 12.8 to 24.6. Surely this isn 't right. And no weight loss. Feel really disappointed. I do take Mirtazipine for depression and my G.P. has just increased my dose. Apparently this can cause increased weight and appetite. Feel like I 'm fighting a losing battle at the moment.
I got my iud put in September of last year. It was the most painful thing I 've ever experienced and took me about two days to recover with months and months of side effects. I kept hearing to give my body time to adjust, but I just knew something was wrong. Today I finally went to the dr to have it removed a year later. They seemed annoyed with the fact I wanted it removed and advised me against it saying it was very unlikely causing me other problems. when she took it out, it was covered in tissue...she said she 'd never seen anything like it before. She told me it must have been inserted incorrectly and it probably was the reason for all of my discomfort and pain. Never ignore your body if something feels off! So relieved I got it removed!
I have been on this pill since June of 2015 and I so far have not gotten pregnant, but I have pregnancy like symptoms all the time which lead me to think I am pregnant therefore buying tests. I have major migraines, I am depressed, already had anxiety but it has heightened, I am moody and nauseous all the time. My body aches. I am worried about what the affect this is having on my body. I have also taken the pill at the same time everyday and have skipped the week off (period week) but have not had a period since the 2nd month of being on it.
It calms me sometimes but my sex life is not there. It helps me sleep but I still have daily ups and downs lighter but not gone, never know what my day will be still. Thoughts have not gone at all.
So, I started seeing this new guy after getting out of a 2 year relationship. I figured to get a clean slate and know I 'm 100% clean considering my last boyfriend cheated on me. So, I went and got tested only to find out that not only did he cheat on me, he also got chlamydia from this chick. Great. So, my doctor prescribed me two 500mg pills. &quot;Take both pills at the same time and you 'll be clean in 7 days&quot; Ok pretty sweet deal right? NOT. 2 hours after taking this medication, I am GLUED TO MY TOILET! It literally feels like fire is coming out of my butt. It feels like Satan himself is being born out of my butt or maybe fireworks are coming out of there. So, thanks ex boyfriend for giving me chlamydia.
My experience was horrible!!!!!! Perscribed 2 pills a day for 3 days. After the last pill, I started feeling strange and had servere headaches from the time I started taking it until a week later. I didn 't think much of it until I went home from work and didn 't leave the couch. I had no appetite, constipated, sweating and chills, I wanted to puke, my eyes hurt so bad. Couldn 't shake whatever was going on and drank as much water as possible. My body was sore I  slept almost an entire weekend away. I can 't tell if my UTi is completely gone or not because I 'm still constipated and it hurts! I 've never had an antibiotic like this and I never want it again! All my doc told me was to keep pushing fluids and eat yogurt. Good luck people.
Cons: Very painful to insert (I have not had children) and the strings bothered my partner.  I could feel it when bending and being active and had frequent albeit mild cramps during said activity.  Had it removed after a year and a half.Pros: No period and no pregnancies.
I was on Depo from the ages of 17-21 with absolutely NO problems, NO bleeding, it stopped my periods completely, NO side effects. I went back on the depo August 2013 (currently ages 25-27) and have been getting the shots every 3 months on the first date they are due. I have been spotting/bleeding almost the whole time. When I have sex it seems to make me bleed more. Everything has been ruled out and its just been blamed as a side effect of the Depo from my doctor. I also managed to get pregnant and have a miscarriage while on the shot/on time with each due date. The longer I am on this the more side effects I am starting to get (acne, SEVERE depression, anxiety, and mood swings.) I recommend for younger only.
I used Clobex this summer for itching and dry flakes in my scalp.  I became sick with a bad cold and later turned to pneumonia.  I was sick all summer long with trouble breathing and wheezing.  I went to an ENT and a lung doctor. None of us could figure out what was causing the lung problem.  After several months I was getting better with the breathing problems.  Last week I used Clobex again because the itching scalp came back.  Two days later I am having breathing problems.  I put 2 and 2 together, read the side effects of Clobex and breathing problems and wheezing are the first side effects listed.  All that suffering because I did not read the medical bulletins earlier.
Worked fine for 2 days - burning and itching returned on day 3.
Makes me feel extreme fatigue and cravings for sugar are too much. Not really sure its working for me.
This medication did wonders for my soreness and pain from Rheumatoid Arthritis but if someone would have told me I would have devastating and irreversible eye damage due to taking it, I would have chosen a different drug for sure (at least after the 5-7 year mark when it is known to cause major problems that will be with you for life!)
I was really excited initially to get NuvaRing. During the first week, I had really heavy bleeding, which ultimately turned into spotting almost every day for the next three months until I finally decided to have it removed. When I started Nexplanon, I was at a healthy weight for my height and frame, but lost about ten pounds despite no change in my eating habits, lost all of my breasts, and started looking too thin. I was also incredibly irritable and depressed on an almost daily basis, which put just as much of a damper on intimacy with my boyfriend as the virtually nonexistent libido that it gave me. After I got it removed and got back on the Pill, all of my symptoms went away. I wouldn 't recommend Nexplanon to anyone.
18, from the UK so get this lovely stuff for free. First smelt it and I was pleasantly surprised at the fragrance. I thought this won 't be so bad! Made up my first litre of Moviprep in good spirit, and took the first sip; it was absolutely awful. The best way to describe it I think is if you fully dissolved salt into water and then tried to put as much sweetener in it as possible as if the salt would be masked! Along with that artificial lemon taste you get from things like Soothers for sore throats I was gagging every mouthful or sip. The only reason I gave this 3/10 is because after about 2 hours of starting the first litre I was able to flush my intestines out with a powerful gush.
I started on 30mg 2x/daily. I had initial loose stools, but have gone back to constipation. I didn 't get much relief from my tachycardia, and also noticed an increase in body twitches (not tremors). I 'm now trying 60mg 2x/daily and I still have the increase in twitches and most notably, headaches (worse than the normal every day ones), and breathing issues (I already have asthma and laryngospams). Not sure any benefit is worth these side effects, but it 's only been a couple of days, so I 'll give it a little more time.
Took Jalyn  for several months.  Leg cramps and weakness.  Began to experience a throat problem. Taken off and put on Avodart.
Got the implant in Sept. 2016 (not that long I know) but I already am scheduling to take it out. My Dr. said she wont remove until after month 3, she said the first couple months are your body adjusting to it. Cool. But I haven 't had a  'real ' period but Sept &amp; Oct I have been spotting for at least 2 1/2 weeks. First time, was OK I get it.. adjusting. This time I 'm just over it. I 'll wait another month to see if it gets better, I have a friend who said by her 4th month everything was  'normal ' but I get everyone is different. Or maybe I shouldn 't complain and just get used to spotting every day for the rest of my life :|
My experience with Mirena was terrible. This is by far the worst birth control I have ever tried. Granted it did what it was supposed to do by preventing pregnancy, this came at great expense. I have moderate acne and this made my face even worse. My periods were painful and never really stopped. I had spot bleeding for over 2 months and the worst part was the abnormal smell and discharge. Talk about a mood killer. I also noticed a serious increase in hair loss. Everyone is different and will obviously react differently but I can safely say this birth control is the worst I have ever experienced. I had it removed after 4 months and am now on a birth control pill.
Just got prescribed this drug yesterday. 2 a day for 3 days. Took my first dose in the morning and the second at night, I fell asleep soon after. A few hours later I was woken up with terrible stomach pain and serious nausea. I ended up vomiting several times. After, it felt a little better but then the pains came right back and nausea persists. Cant sleep, don 't think I want to deal with another night of this, hate this medication
I 've had my implant for a year now and tho it has prevent a pregnancy the first 3 months were great no complaints but then I started getting headaches everyday. I stuck with it cause I wanted my body to adjust to the implant but then my periods went from a week long to now they are almost 2 months long! I get maybe a week and a half off no bleeding at most. I had an IUD and loved it but I want to start having kids in October after my wedding. I can 't do the pill everyday and don 't want the shot either but I am sick and tired of these periods. Also does anyone else get severe cramps after an orgasm since you 've had this implant?
My feet have always been the worst, with hands next. My feet actually got better but my hands are way worse and now I have plaques on the front of my legs. A bad trade off !!
I have been on (or was on) orsythia for about two years. I took a break from it to try the Nexplanon implant, but came back after a few months. The first time being on it was so-so. My first period on it lasted about 3 weeks. After stopping and being on it again, they lasted a normal amount of time. This birth control never did anything to lighten my period, but it did help regulate it and my cramps stopped. I also never experienced any of the bad side effects that the other people leaving reviews have. However, I have not ever taken it late, nor have I missed a day, and I still ended up pregnant. I still give it 5 stars because of the positive experience I had with it before I got pregnant, but I guess it does happen.
I am now taking Provera for the 3rd time . It works but I have had some extra hair growth on my stomach but I am willing to deal with that because I have been trying to conceive for 8 years. After I get my period under control I will start taking Clomid. My husband and I are praying this time it will work.
I 've been on this for a week, on 100mg dose, but this stuff is tearing me up. I am urinating frequently and every time it 's an emergency run to the bathroom. I have to walk out of meetings at work. I used to have a bladder of steel. I wake up 3 times per night to pee.  My thirst is almost unbearable. After 1 week, both my wife and I have yeast infections. My penis is burning. Now, I also have diarrhea. I am a mess.
I 've been on quite a few different kinds of medications for anxiety and depression, but I 've never had a reaction quite like I did with this one. Within hours of taking it for the first time, I began to feel nauseous, drowsy, uncoordinated, shaky; my vision was blurry and I couldn 't drive a car. These symptoms persisted until I stopped the medication. I tried it once or twice after stopping the first time, and the horrible symptoms came right back. I couldn 't even do my work. If you have any sensitivities to this medication I would not recommend it. I 'm no doctor, but even I know when a pill isn 't worth the risk.
was prescribed this for dealing with pain after 4 of my wisdom teeth got extracted. all I can say is that the pain relief lasts very momentarily and I still feel absolutely awful after. tried doubling up and that didn 't help much either. considering asking my doctor to put me on stronger medication, because this stuff hasn 't worked wonders at all.I 'm not excited to see how the next few days will pan out if this medication is barely able to hold my pain back.
I had the mirena for 3 1/2 years.. 1 year in I began having pains in my left hip. I couldn 't locate exactly where the pain was as it was internal and moved. I began to get aches and pain and gain weight although I was still doing my usual routine. I thought the aches and pains where due to weight gain. Then I researched a bit.. My goodness I had all the symptoms I was reading about and had spent $1000 's of dollars at physiotherapist, podiatrists, nutritionists had numerous X-Ray 's and ultrasounds I had even tried reiki acupuncture and lots of alternative therapies. The moment it was removed the pain disapated in my hip and by the end of day 1 after removal 40% of the pain in my whole body was gone. Day 2 I could bend my knee to put socks on
Took two tablets at 11 pm and woke up at 3 am with horrible cramps. The cramps lasted about ten minutes (felt like ten hours) before I finally had one of the worst BMs of my life. I was sweating, nauseous, and crying all while trying to finish going to the bathroom. After about 15 minutes, I 'm back in bed but I feel the cramps coming back and am scared that this will be forever. Pretty sure I know how the people on Oregon trail felt when they died of dysentery.
I am a 38 year old female diagnosed with MSK, Overactive Bladder and Stomach Ulcers. I 've been prescribed Vesicare and have been taking it for a few weeks. I have noticed that I 'm not getting up as much at night but I still sometimes have to run to the restroom during the day. My concerns after taking this med is I 'm not feeling like myself. And after reading the side effects I have noticed that I 'm experiencing everything listed literally. I 'm also afraid it may be interacting with my other meds. This medication is expensive also, don 't think I should continue to use it especially since I 'll have to take it for the remainder of my life. Continuing on my search for relief.
I was on SPIRONOLACTONE for years and my immune system got really weak. I started to have fatigue all the time and my NK cells were so low they didn 't even register. I stopped taking it and within 5 to 6 months my acne got worse than before I was on it. I had bad cystic acne on my face and back. So after being off for a year and a half I thought I would give it another shot. It only took about 4 months and my blood pressure dropped down to 83/55. No wonder why I felt like I was dying. I am now doing cleanse to rid my body of all the toxins that are trying to come out of my skin. That 's due to my liver not being able to keep up. It is really depressing having acne this bad but I would rather be alive than have to deal with that again.
I could not tell a difference in myself while taking this medication . To me, a major side effect was hair loss.
I 've been on this pill for 4 months now and it 's made my acne worse than ever. I have breakouts on my chest and never have before using the pill. My cramps are the same and periods have not become shorter. I am switching brands.
Was on Lunesta for some time but could not tolerate the side effects and the daytime drowsiness. I drive a school bus so I had to stop Lunesta quickly. My doc gave me Silenor and the lowest dose seemed to do the trick. I can sleep about 7 hours nonstop and not worry about bad taste in my mouth and more important drowsiness in the day. 
I 've been on other BCs before so I knew it would take a few weeks to adjust.Migraines: week 1 I had two migraines with auras. I have had migraines in the past, but never with auras and never this bad. I kept getting migraines and headaches until I cut out all caffeine.Acne: I know every girl reacts differently to BC but honestly if anything my acne got worse. I didn 't really have a problem before this pill, but now I notice a few pimples every day.Pain: since I 'm not on my period on this pill the pain is &quot;lessened&quot; but not gone. Instead, it 's almost constant.Bleeding: I have been &quot;spotting&quot; every day for over 2 months. Lately I 'm getting rashes and a bad smell because of wearing liners every day.For these reasons I 'm stopping.
Absolutely disgusting. This is my second colonoscopy. The first time, the prep I used was called prepopik and it was SO much better in terms of flavor with a much smaller dosage. I haven 't done the second dose of SuPrep, and I 'm debating not to since all that 's coming out is just stomach fluid
I had implanon implanted in Dec  '08, and have not stopped bleeding since (that 's 4 months). I have also had many other side effects: hot flashes, night sweats, mood swings and irritability, no sex drive, and slight weight gain. I 'm sure the hormone delivery in this drug affects everyone differently, but for me, the adverse effects outweighed the benefits of not taking a daily or weekly drug.
i found this drug to have some quite horrible side effects, just be aware girls this is not a quick and pain free experience for some. I 'm 39 with kids and usually tolerate a bit of discomfort. After taking one step I had severe abdominal pain, nausea and vomiting, headache, dizziness , I felt like I might faint on several occasions . Bleeding was quite heavy, I was extremely tired, I experienced hot flushes and bloating, I lost my appetite also and felt generally very ill for several days. It did stop a possible pregnancy but I would never use it again
Inserting Mirena felt like getting an abortion, worst 10 min of my life! Got this January 2016 and im still bleeding, not heavy but enough to wear a pad or regular tampon. Sometimes I think the bleeding has stopped and next thing I know I 'm bleeding all over again! Not sure if I want to keep this in still.
I 've tried many sleep aids. I 'm currently taking a generic AMBIEN-CR 12.5mg. I had previously used both Brand name and generic versions of AMBIEN 10mg. I 'm disappointed with AMBIEN &amp; AMBIEN-CR. I 've read horror stories of blackouts, falling into deep sleep within minutes of ingesting and even that the dose requirements have been reduced. Despite the alleged powerful effects of AMBIEN and AMBIEN-CR, I find it to be modestly effective for sleep. Regular, immediate-release AMBIEN 10mg would only help me sleep for  /- 3 hours.
I have had this Implanon since February and everything was fine I thought. But I have had a lot of medical problems since then. My legs get swollen almost every night. My bleeding is okay. It lasts about 3 weeks at a time but it is mild. I have had a urinary tract infection. My breast hurt like crazy! I have gained weight. I 'm sick to my stomach all the time. And I have really bad acne. I think it 's time to take it out! But I love not taking a pill every day.
I started taking Zovia about 5 months ago and I could immediately tell the difference after the 1st month. I started gaining weight, my breasts got even bigger than they already were and they were constantly tender, my periods went from 3-4 days to 7-9 days with horrible cramps, my face became very oily and I started breaking out. I have never had a lot of acne or breakouts but after starting this birth control, it got bad. I have been an emotional wreck and cry all of the time and I 'm normally not like that. I think I had every bad side effect a birth control can have so needless to say, my OB has called in a different birth control! Hopefully if you decide to use this birth control, you don 't have any of the side effects like I have.
I have been taking Azor for about 2 years.  I am, now, beginning to experience severe side effects (especially, hives and itching).  I am miserable.  Occasionally, my tongue and fingers swell.  I have reported it to my doctor.  He has given me a prescription to counteract the itching and suggested that I take Benadryl.  Benadryl makes me so sleepy and incoherent.  However, this medication (Azor) is definitely working for my blood pressure; which was 180  over 100 .  With the Azor it goes down tremendously.  How can this decrease my blood pressure, yet makes me sick otherwise.
I have found that Xanax does indeed work. It 's quick and relieving. Take it about 20-30 before an anxious event and it will help you. The downside is the tolerance that generally develops very quickly, in my case already after one week.
Very expensive and no help at all with maintaining blood sugar
This medication has not helped with my stress or anxiety. I have been on it for two years. It helped me with issues of being scared and depressed but other than that it hasn 't worked for what I needed it for.
I 've had Nexplanon since 11/5/14 and the whole first week I had extreme nausea, then bled for 3 weeks, was okay for about a month and now I 'm back to nonstop bleeding, extreme nausea, very anxious, crying all the time, acne, and I 'm just overall very unhappy and no longer myself. Having it removed next Monday but I 'm not sure I can wait.
I was put on mirena 9 months ago to help with my heavy periods and thickened womb lining. I found the insertion proceedure very distressing and painful. Psychologically, I was a bit messed up for a few days because it felt like I had something alien inside me and was terrified that it would move position and damage me.My periods are a lot lighter, but they drag in for longer. I never know when I 'm going to get one, but the current cycle is about 20 days. Because about 10 days of that is bleeding, I don 't get much of a break.I 'm unhappy with mirena but I worry about the alternative. I do t want ablation or hysterectomy, so is it besfor me just to put up and shut up?
I began breaking out like crazy within a week of starting this.
I am 73, but an active man.  I suffer from not being able to empty my bladder due to an enlarged prostrate.  My new doctor put me on tamsulosin and it improved my urine flow, but not a massive difference to the number of times I need to urinate in a day, but I thought any improvement was worthwhile.  However, I noticed the last few times I had sex, the feeling I had with ejaculation seemed to diminish until now I have no sensual feeling at all, although it has not affected my drive or erection.  Having read some of the other comments, it seems that this drug is the culprit.  I think I will have to stop taking it and see if there is something else that might work.
I was given hydrochlorothiazide in combination with a beta blocker for high blood pressure. Sadly, this diuretic did not succeed in lowering my blood pressure. The label says to take it no less than four hours before bed to avoid getting up in the night; however, I found myself getting up in the night even if I took the pill at 7 in the morning. During the day, however, there was not a major delta in urinary frequency or amount.The diuretic actually made me sweat more. Somehow, this medication also cleared up my acne. My dermatologist confirmed that this is medically possible.
Started this pill in Apr 2016 it was okay at first, periods became lighter, the cramps were unbearable. Very moody, tired,headaches, dry skin, and now four months in my period was late. When it finally came it has been going on two weeks. Not to mention my face started to swell my lips and hands were swelling up and having difficulty breathing. I just threw the medicine in the trash. Will not take it anymore.
This is a great medication to bring FBS and A1c down ,if number is all that matters. I started getting frequent yeast infections, Thrush and bladder infections. Polydipsia and polyuria were the other nuisance. Weight loss mainly was from diuresis. While I was on this, I was plagued with severe depression, never heard this anywhere else. Anyway after stopping the med, I am free of depression, life is worth living, my sugars are under control with insulin and diet.
I have mixed feelings about this pill. Took this birth control for about 3 years, my periods were great! Very light and regular. But for about the last year my mood swings have been terrible and I&rsquo;ve developed anxiety. I&rsquo;ve also noticed my hair has thinned tremendously which is devastating for me as I&rsquo;ve always had the thickest healthiest hair until this pill :( so I&rsquo;m now switching pills and hopefully my hair and normal moods will come back!
Improved the go; no help on the flow.
Okay so I was on this pill for about 5 months, I have really horrible period cramps to where I couldn 't get out of bed, I 've tried 2 other pills before this one and those didn 't work so I tried this one and the only positive thing about this pill is no pregnancy scares and light periods and my face stayed clear. But as far as negative effects I was severely depressed all the time, and suffering from Anxiety attacks daily and  secondary to the anxiety I would be constantly nauseous &amp; worst of all I had no sex drive, just the thought of sex Disgusted me. which really sucked because me and my bf are very sexually active. I decided that it was time to switch the new one that I 'm on now  which is wonderful.
I have been on Aviane for 2 and a half weeks and have been extremely emotional, had breakthrough bleeding for almost a week now and have bad cramps and bloating.  I have seen most people say that it gets better after the first few months so I 'm crossing my fingers.
I took 10 mg of Bentyl, even though my doc said to take 20mg. Yes, it took care of the abdominal cramps, but I got a bad headache, dry mouth and eyes, &amp; dizziness. I also got pain in my thigh and tingling in the same leg where I have nerve issues because of a herniated disc. This also caused neck pain where I have nerve issues as I took only 5 mg 20 hrs later when I could feel the cramping coming back. The side effects were there, but to a lesser degree. The most disturbing side effect was my heart rate dropped to 45;  it 's usually in the low 60 's, and blood pressure went up. Not sure I can continue on this medication, perhaps only when I feel cramping coming on and no more than 5 mg.
I have taken Kariva for about 6 months and my boobs have gone from an A cup to a D cup, which is alarming. I have pregnancy like symptoms very often, but I 'm not pregnant. Overall this birth control made me extremely moody and gain crazy weight.
Been on it for almost 4 months. Depression not much better. Severe appetite increase, irritability, and very itchy skin. Going to see my psychiatrist next week to change again...
Giving this medicine to my 1 yr old and has had nothing but diarrhea and a tore up bottom.  
I 'm 48. Started NuvaRing 4 years ago after my divorce and when I started dating again. Wanted a non daily birth control. I liked not having to take a pill daily, didn 't notice it inside me, and had shorter, lighter periods. I QUIT using NuvaRing a few months ago since the man I 'm dating had a vasectomy years ago, so birth control isn 't an issue for me now. I feel so much better now! I am not swollen, my weight that I put on is falling off, the abdominal discomfort I felt daily is gone, I 'm not as moody. I hope my breasts don 't go back down a size. Now I suspect these were all NUVARING side effects not post divorce effects after reading the other comments. They started right after I began with Nuvaring. So great idea, but not for everybody, obviously.
It helps the pain a little but not a lot. It does make me drowsy after a while though.
I have just took my first dose on Sunday 30th July woke up in night with abdo pain but not too bad. But have had heartburn from hell and belching, haven 't eaten much so I hope the weight loss will come,
I was prescribed this drug for alcohol dependence. While I found no significant improvement in cravings, it did seem to have an effect on my hormones, which is very odd. I have a regular menstrual cycle, but after starting this medication, I experienced three full periods in about five weeks. The irregularity stopped after I stopped taking naltrexone. I 'm now starting acampostate (Campral).
At first when I started taking it I loved it. I get my period on time, till I started to feel depressed and moody all the time. I used to have my face clear till now, now I have like a rash on my face and I can 't get rid of it so I 'm going to stop taking it because it makes me cry all the time over nothing, and my skin isn 't the same anymore!
Dizziness and highly increased appetite
Having trouble emptying bladder so doc gave Rapaflo samples. Increased flow within days, but still difficulty emptying completely. No ejaculate at all, but orgasim still there.  Will stop Rapaflo regimen and try disposable caths for awhile.
Helped with my cramping and had no spotting but gave me large cystic acne. It took me several months before I realized desogen was the cause of the acne but once I stopped taking it, it went away.
I went from my regular Othro Tri-Cyclen lo, to this version. It is by far one of the worst pills. While it did prevent pregnancy, I have been very moody, I could get angry or cry over the smallest things. This pill has had me depressed. My blood pressure is also unusually high, on top of that I 've broken out on my face. This pill has me feeling unlike myself, I 've never had problems until I started this pill. Never again!
This drug is an excellent anti-inflammatory. For me however, it did nothing for pain. I had recent shoulder surgery for the third time in my life, and this was prescribed for inflammation and pain. As it did decrease the inflammation, the side effects were not worth it. I developed stomach cramps, and severe diarrhea.
Ive been diagnosed with this about 2 maybe 3 weeks ago ...my boyfriend gave it to me i found out when he had a breakout....the night before we had sex so we both went to the er to find out whats wrong ....I have not had a break out was on the 5 pill a day thing but my body couldnt handle it so the doctor put me on the pill i time a day ....idk whats going on but now I cant pee ive been trying to pee for 14 hours...ut feels like I have to go then when I sit on the toilet nothing but a few drops come out
I 'm 29 and was diagnosed with bipolar disorder at 22 years old. I had bipolar 1 but with abilify and lamictal, I now have bipolar 2. I forget a lot of things, have become lazy, have gained 25 pounds in a year, have low motivation, tired all the time and have been feeling depressed. I plan on not taking abilify anymore because I feel as if I 've lost myself ... I don 't feel unique.
Experienced UTI symptoms 4/13.  Doc prescribed Sulfameth on 4/14, pending results of culture. Sulfameth barely nicked the symptoms.  Started Nitrofurantoin 4/18.  2 tablets daily; one in the morning one at night.  Seemed to be working with no appreciable side effects.  Take with food, lots of water.  Have been pushing water for 12 days now.  Nitrofurantoin ran out on 4/25, a Tuesday.  By Saturday night, symptoms came roaring back.  Spent several hours crying in pain.  This drug ineffectual for me.
On Forteo for 7 weeks now.  Saw a Rheumologist who did a bone density  told me that I was at high risk especially for wrist fracture due to low bone density. Said my spine looked ok. Said I needed Forteo for 2 years the osteoporosis was so bad.  Since starting Forteo I feel extreme fatigue all the time.  Also feel muscle weakness, can 't  keep up with my light exercise routine.  Also have had multiple aches and pains in my joints and long bones of arms and legs. Feel deep in the bone, not  muscle.  Pain seems to migrate from one bone or joint to the other since starting Forteo.  Redness, and bruising at injection site. Worst symptom fatigue. May have to stop Forteo
I 've suffered from excessive sweat under my arms for years! I read tons of good reviews on Drysol, and bought it. The first night I used it, the next day I was dry as the desert! The next day was a little damp.Things went downhill from there.Not working at all now.
I was given 3 packs of Lolo for free from my women 's clinic so I decided to try it. I normally take Alesse and have been on a few other different brands in my lifetime. A few days after I started taking Lolo I started to bleed, I chalked this off as being spotting that some people experience (which I have never had before). The bleeding did not stop, it got worse and my vagina started to become painful and itchy. I bled throughout the entirety of the month I was taking Lolo and when I finished my pack of pills, I did not continue on another month. Within days of stopping taking them, I FINALLY stopped bleeding and the discomfort down there went away. I guess it worked effectively since I was completely unable to have sex while on it.
It took so long to get it in my system!After 8 weeks I had two weeks of feeling so good, myself, I was so so happy as I had tried everything:(! Then after two weeks it went away, why did it go away?!I lost everything could not work the depression is with me everyday! They want to shock me.
I don 't really feel any side effects, but I have been experiencing brain fog, fatigue, &amp; rare pins &amp; needles that are painful. I wonder if this is the drug. I 've been on it about 3 to 4 years. I do have Lupus, so I have been blaming it for the brain fog and fatigue. Now I 'm not sure as I talked to my doc about this * he told me it could be the drug. He is taking me off of it because it 's doing nothing for the migraines. I gave it a 3 more for the lack of help for the migraines versus the side effects, since I 'm not sure if it 's the drugs, the Lupus, or something else. I just felt it did nothing for me &amp; is a waste of time and money. I hope by going off of it, I feel an improvement in those side effects. Wouldn 't you know it, no weight loss!
Ambien definitely puts me to sleep quickly and keeps me asleep. However, it has made me do crazy things without remembering the next morning. I have taken more than the recommended dose while sleep walking, cut 3 inches off my hair, drove my car, many different things. I would love this medicine if I just didn 't act crazy because it really does work.
I was on Ortho Tri-Cyclen for 8 months then I switched to the generic brand (Tri-Nessa) for 2 months and started to get migraines.
I have trouble staying asleep. I wake every night anywhere from between 12:00 a.m. to 3:00 a.m. and am up for the rest of the night. This medicine helped me sleep, but also made me very depressed.  It made me very angry and upset most of the time. I took this for about 3 months, until I got to the point that there was something very wrong with me and it was the medicine.  
I switched from the implant on my arm after having it for roughly two years. I decided to get on Chateal because my periods had begun to become irregular with the implant. My hair STARTED FALLNG OUT - kid you not with in the first month. During the two years of using the implant my hair was normal and full of volume. I stopped taking the pill four months after starting and my hair has not gone back to normal. Do not recommend this pill.
Started taking Belviq on March 26 (going to be 2 weeks on April 9) No weight loss at all or supressed appetite. Cause horrible migraine for 48 hours straight. Besides that does not affect me in any other way.
I completely lost my sex drive. It 's like eating broccoli, you just don 't want it.
This is my second month taking it and my breast are so sore first month I took it I was fine I feel nauseous all the time I 'm gaining a lot of weight it 's sad never had I felt like this on bc  but only one more month left . Then I can try to have a baby been irregular all my life I 'm 25 now still no kids .
My doctor prescribed this for myMenopausal mood swings and headaches.  It worked for a while and then I started having profuse sweating, not that I needed any help in that department due to my hot flashes!  I would be soaked at work and if I just did the smallest chore at home.  I weaned off and am now trying Effexor.
I do not doubt the effectiveness of this drug, it works as advertised. The issue that I have with it that it causes irritability, add anxiety and increased sense of depression.
I used this medication and had none of the insomnia or restlessness. I had the exact opposite reaction. I had been dealing with a sinus cold and was getting headaches from them. After using over the counter medication to combat the headaches I went to the doctor who prescribed Mucinex D because he said it was much more powerful. Long story short I couldn 't make it through a day of work without sleeping. I at first related it to the cold, but when I halved my dosage I was still tired but not to the point of exhaustion when I took two pills. As of now my pills are gone and I don 't feel tired in the least. Insomnia I can handle, falling asleep on the job I can 't.
My brother is on this medication, 8mg over 24 hours, he takes 5mg in the morning and 3mg at night. He has been taking risperidone for just over a year now, he was diagnosed with schizofernia January 2015, the doctors have prescribed different doses of this medication, however it is not effective as it first was, this dose was the highest he has been given compared to other doses throughout the year, he has become very depressed, cannot concentrate well, avoid any social interaction, has some delusions and he feels like he has no emotion and his brain is blank.. So in conclusion I think it 's time that the doctor changes his medication, because it doesn 't seem to be working well.
I have difficulty falling asleep, and staying asleep. I took 50-100 mg nightly. It did not help me get to sleep any earlier than 4-6am, and when I finally would go to sleep, I would sleep for 10 hours. Totally not useful when I get up for work at 7am! Very vivid enjoyable dreams though.
I have been taking tri previfem for over a year now, and have suffered from an emotional breakdown once a month, sometimes more often, since a couple months after I began taking it.  This is not typical of me at all, and I have been very scared and confused by my extreme emotions.  Today I came to this page and read the reviews and was startled to see that so many people were experiencing the same thing as me.  I am going to stop taking it immediately. Not worth it :(
I 've been on Cymbalta for depression and GAD since July.  I don 't think it is working.  I am still depressed and have anxiety attacks several times a week.  Have talked to my Psychiatrist about this and he just says to give it more time.  I am changing Psychiatrists after the first of the year.
I have been bleeding constantly, to the point I can 't even have sex. It 's like I 'm constantly on my period I am switching as soon as I get the chance!!
I had it implanted August 2015 and at first I bled for two or three straight months. Now, I get two periods a month. I can 't wait to get it removed. I also get extreme mood swings from the amount of hormones. It may work for some but definitely talk to your doctor.
I 've only been on alesse for a week but I 'm already quitting it... no physical pain or acne or anything like that, but I 'm experiencing these horrible mood swings. All the sudden I become extremely irritable or want to cry my eyes out, it 's unbearable. Also, I 'm hardly ever hungry or full now. The not being hungry thing isn 't so bad, but I can literally eat an entire tub of icecream and still not be full. I 've definitely gained a little bit of weight.
It helped withy my anxiety, which didn 't go away but became manageable. I didn 't see any improvements with my depression (my main symptoms are anhedonia and fatigue, the last one actually worsened). Getting out of 40mg was ok, just felt a bit anxious in the first days. I took paxil ~ 2 months
My dreams are too vivid. Every night, crazy dreams, leaving me feeling unrested. Also, very hard to have a orgasm.
I have been taking this for 10 years. I originally was prescribed this for anxiety and panic attacks, which I think was a side effect of undiagnosed depression.  It works great for that.  However, it does absolutely nothing for depression for me.  I am switching to Prozac soon because this is like taking nothing for depressive symptoms. I was also on Pristiq, and I will say for me Zoloft is better simply because I don 't have rage fits and mania like I do on Pristiq.
This medicine gave me headaches and doctor said it did not work to lower my blood pressure. At the office I am 125/100. At home, I am usually 120/80 or lower. Can this be white coat syndrome? Anyway doctor is switching me to another medicine. This next medicine will be my 6th blood pressure medicine.
Don ever remember feeling 100% on effexorBad withdrawal symptoms.I went from 150mg of effexor to 10mg of cipramil and feel alot better.There is no way il everl be taking effexor  and wouldnt recommend it to anyone, to many side effects.
I have struggled with depression as long as I can remember. I was first started with Zoloft. It worked for 3 months. I felt great! Then it stopped working. Same exact thing with Viibryd. It 's supposed to be fabulous and better than all other antidepressants. I 've read reviews on how it 's tremendously helped people. It just hasn 't helped me. I felt a difference while taking the medication and again it stopped. I spiraled back into my depression. I 'm currently trying different treatments and apparently I was misdiagnosed. I am bipolar.
I 've been on it for 4 days. No weight loss yet but it does decrease  appetite with very little  nausea. The needle is painless. I 'll keep you posted :)
Well, I had the Merena for over 2 years, and the great thing about it is that I never had a period and I didn 't have to worry about getting pregnant. The worse part was is that I had a terrible, terrible odor constantly, I 'm the type of person who showers daily, and it was embarrassing. Also, I was never in the &quot;mood&quot; to have sex.  So I decided to get it removed and it has been over 6 months now and I have had absolutely no odor and my &quot;mood&quot; toward sex has changed a lot, for the better. Everyone is different and it is pretty much a see and try for yourself kind of thing.
Worst experience ever! I hate it I have been taking the tri-sprintec and I can 't take it anymore, the side effects are just out of control, I gained weight within the first two weeks of taking it and I don 't eat a lot just regular three times; then I started breaking out horribly the first week which I have never had a problem with acne my skin has always been clear of acne. And don 't let me get started with the mood swings. This has been such a horrible experience with this birth control. I know all body 's are different, but I wouldn 't recommend it. I 'm on my third week and I 'll finish the month. But after that I 'm not taking it.
I had nexplanon inserted during march of 2015, the first 2 months I noticed no changes. These last 4 months however, I have developed AWFUL acne on my neck and chin and face. It does not go away. I have gained 20 pounds, and have mood swings that are uncontrollable. I am 20 years old and dread going to college everyday as well as work because I am so embarrassed by these side effects. Also, I get my period every other week. Added to that, after sex the 3 days following I bleed. So basically I bleed all month. I have decided to have it removed (it is now September 2015) and I am so excited to be done with this.
My PCP suggested I take this to help with severe congestion. I took 3 doses of the 12 hours (max strength) at the prescribed intervals. Basically one that afternoon, then one the next morning and one that evening. That night I COULD NOT SLEEP.  I have never had problems sleeping, and usually could find some way to read for a bit or do a relaxation exercise in the event it took longer than normal.I 'm normally asleep by 10 or 11. It 's now 4 am, I am not one bit sleepy and I have to get up for work in 2 hours. Should be an interesting day.
Caused me painful nausea and then vomiting about 30 minutes after taking it.  Had to use a suppository promethazine to relieve nausea.  Took it again about 5 years later for another flu - same thing happened.  Just made me feel worse, but it worked for the rest of my family.
No side effects at all but I Still got a toothache so I made a appointment to see my dentist Wednesday the pain is unbearable and is killing me to the Max. This medicine didn 't work and pain medication not working... I can 't eat or sleep
After one pill I felt depressed and could not sleep that night.  I decided to stop taking the medication and will have it replaced with good old Amoxicilin.
I 've had Nexplanon for 4 months. It has been effective in preventing pregnancy, and not having to take a pill is convenient. But that 's where the pros end.A couple weeks after having it inserted, my mood swings were off the chart. I was snapping at everyone for the littlest things. I 've never had a problem with depression in the 23 years I 've been alive and have been depressed since I started this birth control.On top of that, my sex drive is GONE. I was crazy, head over heels in love with my husband up until I started this prescription. Now I can hardly stand to have him kiss me I 'm so turned off. And it 's not him, it 's definitely the Nexplanon. Definitely getting it removed.
After two weeks using the cream, there was no relief.
Currently approaching the 6th week . Started off with .05 and moved down to .025. After week four I though things were clearing up and then week five I got another inflammatory breakout. I only use on forehead. Discouraging . No improvement from start and more red marks then when I started .
I 've been on lansoprazole for over a year and find it just isn 't working (I take 30mg).
I switched to this one after being on another pill for six months. I switched because I gained 20 pounds in 6 months. I gained 5 pounds in three months with this one, but the worst part was the absolute emotional roller coaster I was on. I was cranky beyond belief a week before my period, worse than my normal PMS. I encourage people to give it a shot anyway. You never know it it will work for you!
Have used the other two which didn 't work on me so thought I 'd try this one.My Doctor gave me the 20mg dose.I took one on the Friday and it didn 't work.Tried again on Saturday on empty stomach still nothing so an hour later took another and still nothing but indigestion
I have been taking seasonique for 2 months now. The symptoms I noticed within the first month were increased appetite and weight gain (approx 5 lbs) and  mood swings, mainly crying excessively, During the middle of the second month I felt severe abdominal discomfort that felt like period cramps with nausea and the next morning I noticed spotting which has continued for 2 weeks so far. I find this very inconvenient as it has lasted longer than a normal period. Also my complexion has been getting progressively worse and I have been feeling stressed and overwhelmed more easily. I am going to continue through the last month and switch if I dont notice any improvement..
started the patch this month, am on 4th day of the patch free week and spent the last few days terrified that i might be pregnant - today I got my  'period '  aka BC withdrawal bleeding but have been nauseous all night. so, still not sure where I stand on the pregnancy thing. have also noticed:sore breastsweight gain of around 5kg despite no increase in appetite and sometimes even eating less than usual (not fun since I 'm already overweight to start with) strange dry itchy rash on my lower inner thighssome vaginal drynessoverall I don 't have much confidence in this... even if I 'm not pregnant it 's scary to see the edges peeling off or a regular shower loosening the adhesive. switching back 2 condoms pill and will save for an IUD.
I was prescribed this for a Staph infection of the Skin. The first few days I was very fatigued and had mild neck pain then on Day 7 of 10 that it was prescribed for I started breaking out in a rash on one thigh and then it spread throughout the day and was on my chest and arms by the night. I was also freezing! I took 2 benadryl that night then woke up the next morning and the rash all over from my neck all the way down to my ankles, front and back and was cold all day! I went to urgent care and ended up getting a steroid injection at urgent care then had to take a high dose Prednisone for 3 days after that. After Steroids were started I noticed that the joint pain went away and I also was swelled from the rash.
Maybe a day or two after inserting the Nuvaring I began having sore breasts. They were so sore a bra hurt them and touching them was out of the question. I also experienced nausea and/or vomiting everyday. I wanted Nuvaring for the convenience but it 's not worth the side effects I experienced.
I am almost 18 and I started taking this two months and a week ago. The first month was terrible. I had a period that lasted over two weeks (quite heavy), and the second month was almost as bad. The worst thing that is happening to me is that I am having hair loss. My once long thick hair is becoming thin and I can see my scalp in lots of places. I 've read it is normal for the first 3-4 months, but I have also read that in some cases it didn 't go away and going off the pill can worsen it. I have no idea what to do.
I 'm 28 years old and have never been on birth control before, have never given birth and have never been on medication for a long period of time. I 've had mine since March and has been very effective birth control hands down. But as soon as my new health insurance kicks in, I 'm getting this thing removed. I have had 0 sex drive since I got this thing put in. My boyfriend and I used to have sex about 4 times a week and now it 's down to maybe once a month if I don 't have a yeast infection. I have had 13 infections since March. I 've become abnormally hormonal. I haven 't gotten my period either. I don 't recommend based solely on the side effects.
Maybe a day or two after inserting the Nuvaring I began having sore breasts. They were so sore a bra hurt them and touching them was out of the question. I also experienced nausea and/or vomiting everyday. I wanted Nuvaring for the convenience but it 's not worth the side effects I experienced.
I was on tysabri for 7 months.... I think, at first I would be extremely agitated, tired and weak, by around month 4 I started getting pain in the top of my right hip have never experienced pain so unbelievably intense,  if it was even just slightly touched I would drop to the ground in utter agony, I began to slur my words and became emotionally unstable.  Tysabri seems to give me a much larger amount of MS which is annoying because they told me it had the least side effects and was by far the most effective. Glad to hear it helps other sufferers though . It 's under PBS in Australia so they would only sting me for $37.50 a treatment.
I 've never taken birth control pills before. After taking these birth control pills, I 've noticed a drastic change in my behavior. It 's only been a couple of weeks of taking them and I stopped. I 've never felt lethargic and depressed in my life. I 've noticed, everything bothered me and I would get upset easily. No desire to have sex at all. I didn 't gain weight or breakout but I did crave junk food (which I don 't eat). Overall, I guess it depends on the person. As for me, it definitely was a no go!
I got prescribed sertraline 25 mg back in April. I take one a day to ease my bipolar disorder and anxiety. At first, it helped some but felt like I could really go higher on dose to be more effective but I wanted to try mixing other natural supplements to work synergistically. I would take turmeric daily, and eventually drink apple cider vinegar as well. At some point in the last month, either the effects of sert had worn off or the apple cider vinegar screwed up my mental health. I have quit sert for about a week and I feel crappy!!! I take fish oil, turmeric, 5htp, choline inositol, multivitamins and jeez idk what is ruining my mind, actual withdrawal or these sups. I feel worthless and guilty it 's crazy and I wish I knew what causes it!
I used the Ortho Evra patch for five years, but my doctor didn 't like it, so he switched me to this. I had weight gain, not a lot, but about 5 -7 lbs, enough to notice, then after taking it for 3 months I stopped having periods all together, My doctor told me to go off it and after 2 months, my period was back.
It felt like my head was spinning so bad that I would fall if I bent over.  It seemed that every nerve in my body was on the edge like a full blown bad panic attack. It took an entire day after I took one Epidrin to come down off of the dizziness and stop feeling doped.
Really has not reduced my appetite. I have tried this for 30 - 90 days, 3 different times. I also get a side effect that is not listed, but after the 3rd time using this, I 'm 100 % sure that it causes a sensation of burning on the tip of my tongue. It stops after a few days of not using the medication.
I 've had the implant since July 2010. The insertion was very easy and painless, except for the lidocaine it stung a bit.  I really like that I don 't have to take a pill everyday. I don 't like that I may go 2 months without a period, but will then bleed for 2 straight months! My periods are erratic and go on for a long time. I 'm debating on getting it taken out, who wants to bleed for months at a time?
I 've been on gildess fe 1/20 for about 4 months now and at first it was great! Slowly i started to see changes in my behavior and body...i started getting irritated more and easier, i started getting a lot more emotional than normal, and i started gaining weight resulting in me getting depressed about my body. I spot in the middle of my cycle about a week before my before starts and i thought this was just my body getting use to it, but it 's become clockwork. I have nothing but nightmare stories with birth control so i 'm starting to feel like it 's not for me
This is totally awesome.
Had the Mirena put in last August and had it removed yesterday. The Dr. 'so tell you it is the gets better but I don 't agree. I bled for weeks on end (like 4-5 at a time), was moody and no longer had any sex drive. I already have 4 kids so will go ahead with a tubal ligation instead. Wasn 't a good experience at all.
I have only been on it for like 4 days now and I hate it I have  eating more now  Then I every have on anything else. And the price it way to high $67.00
Limited improvement after 6 months, developed bad rash and MD refused to continue medication.
While paroxetine tended to keep my depression at bay; I wasn 't functioning at a good level emotionally.Was on 20mg for approximately 4years, then 40mg for 3 months. When dosage was upped, I had major depressive episode (pretty much stayed in bed for 3 weeks) and realized that I had experiencing basically a &quot;flat aspect&quot; for quite some time. Also gained 20 lbs (105 to 125) in the 3 months on the 40mg. Horrible brain zaps if I missed a dose (20 or 40). Went back to 20mg for a week and have switched to Effexor (37.5/7days, then will be on 75mg daily).Mild zings and zaps for past few days as I 've switched to the Effexor; was expecting a MUCH more horrendous transition as my zaps were extremely strong in the past.
I 've tried A LOT of cholesterol-lowering meds, but can 't usually tolerate them for more than a month. Unfortunately, Triplix gave me the same side effects--dizziness, digestive miseries, etc. It 's probably a wonderful drug for a lot of people, just not for me. I don 't know if it made a difference in my cholesterol levels.
I have taken both the 75 mg and the 100 mg Viberzi,  When I started on this medication, 75 mg it worked somewhat.  My diarrhea was slowed and the stool more solid.  However, after being on it for a month or a little longer the benefits decreased.  I went from having 3 to 4 bowel movements a day, to having 6 or more.  Usual pattern was first movement was the most solid, the next ones were more loose and runny.  My doctor increased the strength of Viberzi to the 100mg.  Same basic issues...worked good at first but after using for a while, I was back to having 6 or more movements with the first one the most solid.  I am again trying the lower dose as the cost of the 100mg was way too expensive, even with Medicare and my supplement drug plan.
This medication was not for me.  Over the year that I was on it I gained 20 lbs and kept having to up the dosage.  The side effects were horrible.  If I was late taking a pill I would get a really funny feeling in my body.
I am currently on my second month of using Sprintec. I was excited to be paying significantly less but I have been experiencing about 1 yeast infection each month. It 's costing me more in doctor visits. I am waiting until 4 months so my body can get used to it to see if these infections clear. The cramping was horrible last month but it was the first month since I switched from Zovia.
I was prescribed Tramadol when diagnosed with a herniated disc at the start of this year. I have found Tramadol to be an effective painkiller, but at a price. Following my operation I suffered very bad withdrawal, the hot sweats for the first couple of weeks were quite frankly awful. I was taking 100mg 3 times a day. Unfortunately, post op I am still suffering pain, and occasionally take 1 x 50mg once or twice a day. Again I suffer awful sickness, dizziness and headaches. At night I suffer from nightmares, and generally do not feel myself. For those prescribed tramadol please be cautious as whilst it is a good painkiller, the side effects are very unpleasant.
I can not take pills so I decided to try the Nuva ring . I started to use it and a few hours after having it in I got sick ... Overly sick ... I have been up all night puking and I still am puking . Maybe it 's just me but I don 't like it so far ...
I am a 48 year-old woman who has had bipolar I disorder since I was 12.  It hit me severely and I have had a very difficult time with it.  During one of the latest bouts I tried Abilify at 2 mg and definitely felt a bump up in my mood.  I was so so excited and totally would 've stayed on it except my appetite increased to such a degree that I immediately started gaining weight.  Food was like crack - it became utterly and completely addictive.  I could not stop eating!  I would try and control it for a few days but I was utterly and totally unable to stop.  An improvement in mood was worth 10 pounds but at 13 pounds in 8 weeks and no stopping I had to stop.  Super disappointed.  It is the only medication where I felt immediate relief.
I started using the Nuvaring approximately one month before my wedding day and never used any kind of hormonal birth control before. That was a mistake. I thought it 'd would be easier than trying to remember when to take a pill- and it was, except, that on my wedding night, I was experienced great discomfort, which I thought was due to lack of experience? Dryness and pain. Not fun at all. My newlywed husband and I didn 't think of it, until after the three weeks, and then the one week of not having the Nuvaring in. One week later, put a new ring in, and then started having serious pee issues- pain and burning, moodiness like all get-out, headaches. So five days later, took the ring out, and had another period! Am going to try the FemCap (2nd generation).
The doctor just put me on this medication for my high anxiety. I was taking Xanex 1mg and switched me to this, its been 2 days taking it at a 7.5 mg and I 'm really not noticing any relief at all.
Hyper focused, dry mouth. Both this and Straterra put me into state of manic. Used Depakote 750mg for mental balance. 
I started belviq last year July 2015, and for the first 7 months on it, only ate a healthy diet without excercise. Only lost 8 lbs. Was really disappointed.. Well 1 month ago, I began eating right AND exercising , and lost an additional 15 lbs. This is not a miracle drug. You can 't take belviq alone and expect to lose weight. From my experience, I believe this med works well as a tool, but only if you completely change your lifestyle.
1) Have become very forgetful. 2) I daze out alot. 3) Hard breathing sometimes.4) sleeplessness.5) constantly have to be moving.6) no real drive
My insurance switched me over to Xulane from Ortho Evra and at first it was going really well. I am now 4 months in and it 's terrible. I have the worst mood swings, low libido, I 've gained 10 pounds and I get a rash around the application area. I have a outline of the patch on my hip that has been there for 3 months.... I would not recommend this to anyone. While it does it 's job, keeping me not pregnant, the side effects aren 't worth it. Back to the pill I guess...
I was on this one for several years and the longer I was on it the more tender and painful my breasts became.
I just had the 3rd injection in both knees. Noticed a slight decrease in pain after the first one and no real difference after the second. I have bone rubbing on bone on the inside of my knees. Walking more than 50 yards without resting my knees is agony but I can bike ride without much pain at all so I take a spinning class twice a week for exercise. I would like to be able to walk again without severe pain my dog is getting fat as am I. I really pray for a decrease in pain in the next 6 weeks.
So the infection cleared up in a matter of two days, but I 've been dizzy, lightheaded, short of breathe, coughing (I smoke every now and then, and I 've been feeling it), weird appetite. If I don 't drink enough water before I sleep, I wake up feeling almost hungover. Essentially, I feel weak and tired &amp; the pill tastes awful. Thankfully today 's the last day.
I have been taking this birth control for a little over a week. So far, I have experienced extreme mood swings over the past few days, slight weight gain, and breast tenderness. These all seem to be similar to other reviews. However, I am going to stick it out for a few months to see if my body gets used to the hormones. I read that it took one woman three months for her body to adapt to this birth control, so I hope I have a similar experience. However, I know that each person responds differently to any kind of drug or hormone.  Oh the joys of being a woman!
The only good this is that I am not pregnant. Had implant for 10 months. Periods started to be irregular, very frequent, with only 1 -2 weeks in between. Lasting longer and longer each time. Now, I am at over 2 weeks period. I still have discomfort (dull pain) where the implant is.
Mine may be a somewhat rarer case of ADHD, that is very severe, and my response to amphetamines is almost perfectly paradoxical for the best known effects.  I sleep better and longer with significant blood concentration (it 's neutral for going to sleep, but keeps me asleep longer), have better appetite, cannot achieve euphoria or a &quot;high&quot; from amphetamines, only a mild feeling of extra energy.For me adderall is far less effective than single ingredient D-isomer formulations.  Best guess is that the L-isomer is what ruins it for my condition or perhaps the more exotic salts.  Vyvanse, Desoxyn, Dexedrine are much more effective and without side-effects for me.  Didn 't expect the difference, but adderall doesn 't work well with my brain chem.
I only took Topamax for a short time, but the side effects were so bad I had to stop. Primarily, it made me feel goofy. I was in a cloud and had trouble remembering how to get places I went to frequently. I lost the ability to taste bubbles in beverages, and beer or soda without carbonation just wasn 't the same. In short, the nickname &quot;dopamax&quot; seemed well earned to me.
I was on NuvaRing for a little over a year, and finally took it out because it caused too many negative symptoms that I tries to ignore because it was an easy and reliable birth control method. I constantly had hard, cystic bumps on the jawline which would flare up twice a month, moodiness, random stabbing pain in my abdomen. When I finally gave it up, it was because it was preventing pregnancy, but sex was pretty pointless while on it because I had so much vaginal irritation, and it was making me emotional because I could not enjoy it at all. I 've been off NuvaRing for two months now, and these symptoms are gone, so I know they were linked. My skin is clearing up, and the irritation is gone.
Made me way too dizzy, just couldn 't handle the dizziness.
I was taking 450mg of Lyrica a day and it was a great medicine to help with my fibromyalgia. I took it along with Tramadol. After a few months of taking it I would wake up in the morning feeling as if a train had hit me. I also gained 40lbs on Lyrica. I recently switched to Neurontin and it works great. Also, coming off Lyrica gave me horrible withdrawals for almost 2 weeks. I have been off of it for about 17 days and have lost 8lbs. Lyrica is a great medicine if you don 't mind gaining weight.
I started taking this in May of 2016. I started taking this at 20 years olds and turned 21 recently. It 's really been quite awful experience over all.  I 've had major depression for most of my life but I 've never actually tried to act on my suicidal thoughts before this medicine. The highs and lows of my mood swings are way more dramatic and frequent. The longer I take it the harder it is to be without it. I 've had hallucinations and this horrible electric noise that rattles my head. It feels like a pendulum swinging from ear to ear. I was awake for 25 hours straight were I didn 't eat anything or get out of bed. If I manage to take it correctly all the time I don 't have to deal with the withdrawal and my depression is not as suffocating...
This thing is giving me so many problems it 's ridiculous. I 've had to drive all the way to the gyno SEVERAL times because of my side effects. Coincidently, I have yet another appointment today. My body does not like this thing. When it was first placed inside, I experienced the worst pain I have ever felt in my life (no joke). If you want a pain rating, I 'd give it a 10/10. I still felt cramping a while after and the pain was so bad that they put me in a different room in order to sleep off the pain. Keep in mind I took pain relievers before the process as suggested. When I finally gathered enough strength to drive myself home, I continued to feel pain (8/10) for the next 3-4 days. Period lasted about 10-13 days. *wish I could write more
I 'm 18. I 've been super moody since I started Aviane, I haven 't noticed any difference on my acne yet but I 've only been on it for a month. It makes me SO INCREDIBLY TIRED. I 've never slept so much in my life. Other than that I haven 't noticed any other side effects.
They prescribed me 250 mg of this and I was suppose to take 4 pills everyday 2 in the morning and 2 at night. I ended up taking it for 14 days because I could only take 2 pills per day this stuff burned my stomach and I was really dizzy I just finished my final dose tonight. Thank god! And I don 't know when I can have a drink again because I took it longer then what I was even suppose to I don 't know if that even matter or not ugh.
So I have had skyla in since august 16th 2016. I had to get my last one replaced because I didn 't take to it the first one I had my period lasted 2 months it was heavy and gross. My second one now has stopped I have had my period steady since august.. it 's now nov 24 and I don 't know what to do.. sometimes it 's super heavy or sometimes it 's light but still very much so there. Random and painful cramping. This birth control is depressing but it 's a good birth control mainly because you can 't have sex because your on your period (unless your into that). Getting it taken out was not horrible, getting my second one back in wasn 't bad just made me sick.Over all I hate this birth control to be honest no woman likes bleeding for more then a week
After being on this medication for seven years I am still having break through seizures. I have now developed lucopenia as I did with Depakote. Now I have to go through the trial and error of finding a new medication.
I was put on prednisone for the first time for a rare form of colitis. I was in terrible pain and had to use the bathroom about 20 times a day. I was hospitalized with dehydration and vomiting and the extreme diarrhea. After six days on a high dosage I was much better and sent home on a maintenance regimen of 10 mg. per day. This therapy did not cure my condition but cut down on my frequent hospitalizations. So, to make a long story shorter I was prescribed prednisone in differing strengths for twenty years. At that point prednisone had done so much harm to my body that I insisted on stopping it. I have developed severe osteoporosis and my back is starting to get a &quot;hump&quot;. My skin is so thin that it is like tissue paper and I get bruises all over me.
I have been taking seasonique for 2 months now. The symptoms I noticed within the first month were increased appetite and weight gain (approx 5 lbs) and  mood swings, mainly crying excessively, During the middle of the second month I felt severe abdominal discomfort that felt like period cramps with nausea and the next morning I noticed spotting which has continued for 2 weeks so far. I find this very inconvenient as it has lasted longer than a normal period. Also my complexion has been getting progressively worse and I have been feeling stressed and overwhelmed more easily. I am going to continue through the last month and switch if I dont notice any improvement..
Day 10. No side effects at all. No weight loss at all. 5 '4&quot; female, 160 pounds, 33.7% body fat. In the past I have taken phentermine with no results, Wellbutrin with no results. Will keep increasing the dose as per the rx and see if it eventually works. Doc gave me a discount card but it still cost me $70 for a month. No insurance coverage.
After my second pregnancy I had Liletta put in. I chose Liletta over Paragard this time because I 've always been a heavy bleeder with heavy cramps so when the doctor told me this would help both of those that was another plus and so I went with Liletta. I got it put in Oct. 9th, almost a month after giving birth, which was also the last day of what seemed to be a regular period for me so I was happy to be done bleeding. Well I had it inserted which was surprisingly less painful than when I had Paragard almost 5 years put it. I haven 't had any abdominal cramps but my back pain is excruciating! And I HAVE NOT STOPPED BLEEDING! If I bleed till end of December, I will have it removed!
I was just prescribed this medication a few days ago and I 'm glad I read the information package before hand because there are some potentially yucky side effects to this medication. I initially had no problems with this however last night, on my 4th night of the prescription I woke out of a dead sleep with the worst chest pains I have ever had in my life. I legitimately thought I was having a heart attack it was so bad. I woke my boyfriend in a panic, it was terrifying. I have had panic attack before and I always suffer from acid re-flux but my God this was bad. I have never in my life been affected by a medication the way I was by this one. After a while it did subside but this morning I still have a dull ache in my chest/throat area.
I got the shot last month to help with my endometriosis, I was on my period at the time, after my period stopped everything was fine but once I got my period things started to go down hill *not by much*, I started my period and it wasn 't so heavy at first and my pain was gone but now I 'm stuck on my period, I have been bleeding for over two weeks now and cramps come and go, my face broke out and hasn 't stopped which is weird for me because it doesn 't ever last this long. I 'm really starting to think it 's not worth it if I 'm still on my period all the time because now I feel like I can 't do much, like swimming or being crazy active, because I feel weak and just drained.
I started taking this pill on a Sunday, by Tuesday I was bleeding heavily and it was constant. I continued to bleed for 3 straight weeks and I finally had enough so I stopped taking it. I had terrible cramps on this pill.
Medication found to cause frequent erratic cardiac rhythms, frequent urinaryurgency, difficulty swallowing.
I 've been on this birth control just under a month now and my hair and face seem yo have gotten oily. I could go 5 days without washing my hair,now I have to wash my hair every other day. Anyone else experience this?
I was given this medicine while I was in a mental hospital for my bipolar disoder. In fact, that 's when I was diagnosed and then they started me on it. The first 2 weeks I felt like a zombie. I had no feelings or desires...nothing. Just blank. Then after about 3 or 4 months after I started I began lactating and now because of it I have no sex drive. I have been off of it for about 4 1/2 months and my sex drive still has not returned.
I have been on this medication for 18 months now.  I have experienced severe hot flushes, which has mostly subsided.  I have bouts of severe bone pain in my thighs, shins to the point where it feels like I have been beat with a baseball bat.  I have insomnia along with mental confusion &amp; short term memory loss.  I get mild nausea but have probably gained 30 lbs.  My arthritis in my ankles has Worsened.  Not sure how much longer I can stay on this medication.
I 've been on doxy for almost 20 days and have seen no improvement. I 'm hoping that it begins to work for me soon. Also, I took my pill one morning before I had eaten breakfast and became very nauseous. I was driving and had to pull over and then I threw up. Make sure you take it with a full meal.
I 've been on BC for about a month and I have horrible acne on my jawline and forehead that doesn 't go away for a while. I have bad mood swings and easily irritated and angry since I 've started.
I started Wellbutrin after taking Zoloft for several years.  The Zoloft was not effective anymore, though it had worked perfectly for a long time.  Wellbutrin nearly killed me.  I was more upset, anxious, and suicidal than I had been in years.  For some reason, it just did not agree with me chemically.  Afterward I went on Remeron.  That was an experience to read about!
Seroquel helped with my panic attacks and break downs, but it made me feel lifeless (which I prefer versus crying). However I experienced ever side effect listed and even ended up in the ER! My heart was beating uncontrollably and sharp pains, I thought I was having a heart attack. I had to get monitored for 6 hours. Also I lost strength in moving limbs. It works but too many side effects. 
I started taking this pill because I 've been in a relationship for awhile and wanted to be safe once we decided to start having sex. I 've now been on it for four months and my experience has been terrible. For the first three months I had severe stomach pain which led to a loss of appetite and a decrease of 15lbs. I mean it 's great that I lost some weight but it wasn 't healthy for my body to go through that. I also continue to experience fatigue. I have little motivation because I am exhausted from the slightest amount of activity. I also feel very sad constantly. I cry almost every day and my mood swings have caused strain on my relationship.
This is my 4th month after switching from Ortho tri-cyclin to tri-previfem due to my insurance and availability and I am miserable. For preventing pregnancy, sure, the pill works. But for anything else, it is horrible. I have gained several pounds over the last month and have not changed anything about my life style. My face is breaking out along my chin nearly every day. I am having constant serious mood swings. I am anti social and I have no sex drive. I have considered ending my year long relationship for the tiniest reasons and I am horrible to my family. I have never had mental health issues before I took this pill and I am hoping stopping will help me return to my normal self...
Awful. I 'm currently on this birth control and literally everyday I bleed. And there 's an odor that comes with it. It 's awfull. I 'm going to give it a few days but it 's bad.
Been on microgestin FE 1/20 since September. I had some side effects -nervousness, odd dreams, during the first 10 days. I lost my appetite and have not regained it. During this last 6 weeks my anxiety has returned triple. I can 't sleep. I 'm exhausted. I have vivid nightmares. It 's awful. I have constant feeling of dread &amp; anxiety, like I want to break things. I got on the med to control constant menstrual bleeding...I 'm 47 now. The pill has worked well for that and my hair is growing back where I lost some due when iron was low. My period cramps have increased a little, but not overbearingly. I have Dr appt in January. Hope she takes me off this pill before I go insane. They should take this pill off the market.
I have taken paxil on and off for roughly 17 years. I thought it was helping and that the anxiety, moodiness and feeling a bit zoned out was normal and hormones. But 10 months ago I changed to Zoloft due to a pregnancy and I feel like a new person. My husband was the first to notice it! My stress levels have decreased hugely and I 'm much calmer and life is much easier.
this pill has been giving me the blues. Since starting I 've had constant yeast infections &amp; bv. Increased hunger nausea and severe bloating. Only thing it does efficiently is prevent pregnancy &amp; btw. I haven 't seen my period in 3 months. Feeling terrible 
I 've been taking Melatonin for a few months now, for delayed sleep phase syndrome and it has helped with sleep dramatically about half of the time. The rest of the time, I still usually get to sleep at my &quot;normal&quot; time around 2:30-3:30am. The problem with this is it 's unreliable. You never know when it 'll work and when it won 't. And there are times when it just doesn 't. I will keep taking it though.
I 'm not sure I can do this medication.  I feel dizzy and extremely of it. I 'm on my 3 day, hoping the side effects go away. But my appetite is definitely curbed.
Medication works great for nasal congestion. Now, trying to take off the lid is a different story, I almost returned it. After 3 mins a fellow coworker finally got the lid off. I understand child proofing but, this is ridiculous!!
I 'm not going to say this is a bad product because everyone is different. But I was on this for about 6 months. And the last couple months, I had noticed myself having horrible thoughts, and also helplessness. I would cry all the time and freak out over nothing. I was suffering severe depression. People all around me started noticing I was acting different.  My face also broke out and my sex drive was very minimal. I am an emotional person to start with. All around the pill did what it was supposed to, but it was just way to much estrogen for me. I am now on the Nuvaring and I love it.
Haven 't had a UTI in probably more than 10 years.  Have recently been diagnosed with 2 in the last 3 months.  Had Macrobid both times.  The first time I ended up with fever and chills, but thought I was unlucky and had picked up a virus.  Symptoms went away by the end of the treatment.  When UTI came back, I was given the same medication.  Within 12 hours of taking the first does, my fever and chills became so bad that I almost went to urgent care.  Advil reduced the fever temporarily, but I won 't take it again.
Suffered from memory loss/lapse and muscle aches/cramps in my legs.  Switched to Crestor and have had no side effects at all.
It was not effective with the 500 will be trying the 1000 but gets to be costly.
The first time I took Saphris this feeling of panic came over me and I had to call someone to talk me down. I took it for 2 months for the 1st month it was ok but into the 2nd month I had such extreme anxiety that I couldn 't leave the house and had to take sick leave from my job for a month. It didn 't work for me.
It made me constipated for 6 days!
I 've been taking Apri for about two years now. It started off good with lighter periods and no more cramps. My acne went away as well. The past few months, however, my periods have been heavier than before I started the pill and I have severe mood swings that have affected my life drastically. Apri may be for some people, but it 's not for me.
I only started using differin a week ago. It has made my skin very red like in the first 3 days I got a red rash-like thing below my lips and on my cheeks and it burns. It also has made around my eyes very dry. I am going to start using it every second day for my skin to get used to it but I really hope that it will work. Just give it time people and don 't over use or get worried if your skin becomes red because that is a side effect if you have sensitive skin.
I 'm 16 and  I have been on Loestrin 24 for about a week and half. The day I got them (and started taking them) was a day after I stopped my period and two days ago I started my period it is like a normal. I don 't think I have gained weight due to me being sick and therefore don 't eat as much as I normally do but I did not lose weight like I normally do when I 'm sick. I have been getting cramps which I don 't normally get except the first one or two days of my period. I have been really depressed and I 'm not a depressed person. I mean I was crying over the stupidest things like my mom not cooking dinner when I wasn 't even hungry. I 'm going to talk to my doctor tomorrow.
Insertion date was 4 May 17 &amp; as of 4 Jul 17 I 've been on my period for over 3 wks.  The doctor stated I would have side effects and to give the birth control at least 6mths to adjust within my system.  I use to have very painful periods before &amp; now my period is painless but I 'm hoping &amp; praying that my period does regulate over the next 6mths.  As men would say it 's not normal to bleed this long and not be dead lol =)  So I 'm hopeful that maybe the bleeding will subside but as I read other comments I am very concerned about hair lose and falling into depression.  I am having slight weight gain but I 'm 5 '9in so it 's not noticeable.  I have chronic acne but my acne has minimized since being on nexplanon, so that my upside at this time~
I have rapid cycling bipolar disorder.I was starting latuda because I wanted to get pregnant and it was suggested by my psychiatrist. While I was on it my moods were rapidly cycling worse than I was when off meds. I had 4 attempts at suicide before the doctor suggested going back to lithium.
I have had the implant for two years now I got it in July 2013 and it is now about to be July 2015 and what I can say is my period last 15 to 25 days. And I get a period every other month. I hate it, I call it the &quot;sex control&quot; because I can 't have sex or at least I won 't want to have on my period. I 've never had an issue with other birth control so I 'm very surprised at this I don 't recommend it for anyone.
This drug is GARBAGE and should be taken off the Market. I was hospitalized with pneumonia. The doctor prescribed it for me when I was released from the hospital. It has destroyed my appetite as well as my stomach. I can 't sleep. I am nauseous every day. I have 2 more doses to take. I decided not to take them. I can 't tolerate all the side effects.
I have battled with scoliosis for 15 years and have been given all kinds of nsaids to help with the pain..This was the most recent and it has done nothing for the pain I 'm experiencing.
Have one 4mm stone hung up between the kidney and bladder and another 5mm stone in the kidney. Have been on Flowmax for a month and while it has helped me to urinate more, the stone seems stuck. I am not happy with the side effects: stuffy nose, feeling dizzy and just off, also seems to cause some water retention. Would love to have the positive results other users have had but so far, no luck passing the stone.
Extremely painful insertion. I have never had children.  My weight gain, bloating, and constant spotting is creating conflict in terms of my decision.  I am miserable with the weight gain and bloating.  I want it removed.
I have written on here twice before in the beginning of when I first got it inserted. If I could go back and not do it, I would. I 've had the Skyla for 6 MONTHS now and I am miserable. I have severe cystic acne EVERYWHERE (even tho I never have), crazy bad cramps, insane mood swings, and weight gain. I 'm 23, no kids, nothing. I 've tried the pill and I hoped this would work but I am getting it out. Don 't do it, your relationships and health aren 't worth it and it 's a painful process.
I had a lithotripsy done today with a cystoscopy and was prescribed  Uribel for the bladder spasms and urination pain. I took it 3 hours ago and I 'm still suffering from the painful spasms and burning urination.  It isn 't working for me.
Unlike any other anti-depressant I have tried, if I missed a single dose withdrawal symptoms would immediately begin.  Scary dreams accompanied by brain zaps are just a few that need to be shared!! They seemed so real!! It was a side-effect that I could not handle and everyone should be warned about the night terrors before starting this medication.  I can only imagine the horror of missing two doses. That alone was enough for me to switch back to Celexa. It did help with my mood but this medicine seemed too potent or too dangerous for some reason. The &quot;what ifs&quot; where always in the back of my mind.
Dalliresp did open me up but the side effects were bad so I had to stop it.  Diarrhea, nausea so bad I had to take medicine for it.  
Had mine for almost a year. I 've had really bad side affects but my sex drive has gone up. I 've had 4 pregnancy scares. I 've been to the ER 3 times because I thought it broke in my arm. No period. But unusual spotting. I over all didn 't really like it and wouldn 't recommend it.
I want to share because I read these blogs &amp; threads and find them useful. I was on Nuvaring 2x in my lifetime. I normally have no extreme problems with PMS, acne or mood swings. Normal periods without contraception. Started NuvaRing when moved overseas and wanted to avoid pill-failure due to digestive issues.Pros: Super convenient (1x month dose), Easy to use, really great except.Cons: NO ENERGY! NO SEX DRIVE. Unfortunately to such a level I stopped it due to not having sex. My normal sex appetite back within a WEEK! Shame, such a convenient product.
I have been taking Ambien for 2 years now for insomnia and trouble sleeping.  It does make you tired, but you also feel really good and happy.  I would take it and an hour later, not remember anything. Also, I would still wake up every hour. It helped me fall asleep, but not stay asleep.  Recently, I over dosed on Ambien.  That is what really woke me up.  This is not for me.  I have been prescribed Seroquel for my sleeping problems and this is wonderful. I have no more sleepwalking and I remember everything.
Don ever remember feeling 100% on effexorBad withdrawal symptoms.I went from 150mg of effexor to 10mg of cipramil and feel alot better.There is no way il everl be taking effexor  and wouldnt recommend it to anyone, to many side effects.
This product worked well for my post nasal drip. But I felt extreme pressure in my sinuses, especially in my ears. I had terrible dry mouth which created a horrible sore throat. Not to mention I took it at night and I got terrible insomnia. I felt jittery and just absolutely horrible. I wish I read these reviews before taking it! No more Claritin D for me. Stick with the regular Claritin.
I have been on Loestrin 24 for month and so far it has been a bad experience for me. I have been bleeding this whole month and have gained about 7lbs. I am very active and exercise every day but I 'm still gaining weight, I 'm naturally a thin person so its quite noticeable and it makes me very uncomfortable.
This is the worst ever.  I tried the 1 day use.  And I did it during the day. Bad bad bad WORST!!  idea. I went out to hang out with a guy I like and it was so embarrassing that I had to run into the bathroom and stay there for an hour because my vagina was in so much in pain and fire and so itchy. It was so unbearable. Do not buy this stuff. I have tried the 3-day one before and it does the same stuff but not as bad but it does clear up the infection at least it did for me. But this is the worst I have ever felt it. And this is the most embarrassing experience ever.
Had hard time pretty much since second day. Some people stated you should eat first. Unfortunately,  that makes me want to vomit after taking it. No diarrhea (I took probiotics and ate activia), but weird stools (very dark and frequent). I think my bowels are empty at this point. Appetite gone. Lost almost 10 pds. Difficulty sleeping due to nausea and gas pains. Threw up twice. Little energy. Headaches. Feeling stressed and somewhat depressed at times. Crying bouts in middle of night. What I described wasn 't constant. It came and went throughout the day, but nights were hardest for some reason. Tomorrow is final day. Can you survive it? Yes. Is it hard? For sure. If h.pylori is gone, then it 's worth it. Be strong.
I have tried two 100mg tablets and split them in half as doctor ordered and it does not make much difference without the viagra. Does not keep erection during intercourse
My anxiety didn 't really cease when I was on this medication. I didn 't feel the effects that others have described, but once I got on the non XR I was able to attend school, go to the grocery store, do all the normal things that people without severe anxiety can do.
This drug is great but the side effects outweigh the benefits. After taking this medication for a couple of months, the anxiety definitely stopped. I felt a lot more laid back and confident. However, horrible side effects settled in... First of all, I gained a lot of weight very quickly. I didn 't even change my eating habits. In a year, I gained about 20 kg or 40 lbs. I didn 't even do anything different. In fact, my eating habits became healthier. Second of all, I developed chronic constipation. The constipation led to hemorrhoids, which are very painful and annoying. I drank a ton of water and I took some laxatives but nothing helped! Third of all, my sex drive went away. It felt like I was castrated. This was highly irritating! Overall, I think that this medication should be a tool to help you cure your anxiety, it should not be a solution. I stopped taking it after a year and I still feel laid back and relaxed, although the constipation is still present! If you can find another way to relieve your anxiety, it 's even better. With this drug, you get what you want but &quot;something 's gotta give&quot;.
So I went in on tuesday for a uti but no bacteria showed up so the doc prescribed the generic macrobid and the first pill I took was on Wednesday i ended up having a severe headache 30 minutes later and got a slight fever all day and took the 2nd pill. The next day I woke up feeling great and took the medicine again leaving me with a terrible headache again. So that night I did not want to take it what so ever.  Then Friday came (today) and I went back in for a different medicine and my head didn 't hurt really at all but I found out I still had a temp of 100.1. This pill has given me the worst with terrible headaches and a fever. Definitely doesnt work with me. Bdid slightly help whatever I have going on but not as quick as others
I started this pill on July 22nd  and received my period on August 1st it 's now August 14 and my period is still on and showing no signs of leaving. The first two weeks I was sick couldn 't eat and had extreme headaches. Now I 'm very low in energy and just ready for this to be over. My doctor tells me that it 's normal, I have had a heavy flow since I started this can 't be normal
I had been on Wellbutrin, which worked great for me but my insurance would not cover the cost and my insurance does cover Celexa so my Dr. switched me to Celexa to see if it would work for me. The first 2 weeks I felt great! I had tons of energy and just felt really good. I did have some mild nausea but not something that I couldn 't handle. After 2 weeks I started feeling extremly tired and went from sleeping 6-7 hours per night (the most I have ever slept at night) to sleeping 10 hours a night. I also feel really tired and just blah all day. I got to the point that I just feel numb and stopped caring about anything. Dishes and laundry piled up, don 't care. Family needs dinner, don 't care. Needless to say I will be switching meds!
I suffer from anxiety and depression.  Doc suggested this drug, crying daily, filled with terror.The only thing it did was stop the daily crying and provide an odd clarity. Severe depression at week 5, after having gone up to 10mgs after 2 weeks of 5mgs.  So many side effects, nausea, headache and terrible depression, anxiety and suicidal thoughts, diarrhea, constipation, ear ringing, withdrawn.I will note that I am very sensitive to antidepressants, have tried mirtazipine, seroquel, one day of pristiq and one day of cymbalta....all of which made me incredibly anxious/panic stricken/irrational. Amytriptoline is the only one that I have tried at a low dose for IBS that agreed with me, up until migraine auras in week
I have been taking citalopram for less then a week now. I have most of the side effects insomnia , feeling detached and more anxious. The only thing that is keeping me going is the positive reviews on here. I know that it is meant to get worse before it gets better but do people know how long this takes ? The first 2 days I took 20mg and felt quite out of it so I went down to half a pill 10 mg for a couple of days. Now I am back on the 20mg and still feeling quite rough. Tried to go out and carry on with my normal life and fainted while I was out. Don 't think that 's to do with the pills but my overall condition of feeling stressed and weak. I am praying and hoping this works.
I have tried almost every type of birth control out there and this is definitely my least favorite! I initially gained weight when switching from the ring to the pills and then switched to Levora from Sprintec and it 's been a disaster. I gained more weight and can 't get rid of it despite dropping to a 1200 cal/day diet and running/walking at least a mile 4 x week. I also have lost my libido almost completely (bad for a soon to be newlywed!) and have acne I haven 't had in at least 6 years.
So I got the nexplanon 6 months ago. The insertion wasn 't bad. I didn 't bruise either. I got a period about a week later and then nothing for 5 months.. I have been bleeding for almost 30 days now!!! My doctor said use a birth control pill to help the period become consistent. I mean doubling up on hormones is just a great idea, right??? HELL NO. I started taking Mononessa on top of the Nexplanon a couple days and it has been the worst decision ever. I feel so nauseas I can 't focus. I just want to puke. The nexplanon also gave me bad headaches. But with the Mononessa it 's worse. The bleeding is a little better now but what 's the point? I 'm on two birth controls. As soon as I stop Mononessa the bleeding will return. Removing nexplanon soon!!
Took Cymbalta and for a few weeks. It seems to help with the pains of fibromyalgia but I had hot flashes that got so bad it made me crazy. Also my fiber fog got really worse, I couldn 't concentrate anymore and forget sleep, to hot to do that. I finally gave up after 9 weeks and stopped cold turkey. No sleep for a few days but now after 2 weeks back to myself. I guess Cymbalta is not for me.
Ciprofloxacin was prescribed by my hospital and urologist for a six week period. Muscle stiffness and bone pains as side effects, relieved by drinking plenty of water. Relief of testicular pain very slow. If condition does not considerably improve will seek to to have site drained.
So I 've had a yeast infection maybe 3 or 4 times. 2/4 went away by themselves. The first time I used Monistat 7 and felt fine. Today i bought Monistat 1 with the egg and as in writing this in bed at 2:40 am,  all I can think about is how much itchier it is!!!!!! OMG. I just wanna scratch. It 's so uncomfortable and I cannot fall asleep. When I used the 7day it worked. This one better work.
Was fine for about a year taking it. After that I was experiencing aura migraines, horrible painful cramps landing my in the ER. And HORRIBLE skin. Before going on it, I had some pimples here and there but it was out of control with cystic pimples. Went off of it, and my skin improved within a month. Rare to get a migraine. Much happier to be off of it!
After being on Tri-Nessa for at least a decade with no problems, I was switched from Tri-Nessa to Low Ogestrel because I was experiencing very heavy bleeding during my periods. The Low Ogestrel did fix the heavy bleeding but at a cost. I 've been on L.O. for 6 months and have been experiencing depression, mood swings, acne on my chin and pimples on my scalp.At first I attributed these things to the beginning of menopause, but after really thinking about it, it just seemed too coincidental that these things began when I began taking a different pill. This morning I googled &quot;side effects of Low Ogestrel&quot; and am finding pages of stories just like mine.  I already have a call into my dr. and will switch pills.
I have PCOS and fibroids.  Had a tubal ligation during caesearean with third child 7/21/09 which lead to 10 weeks of bleeding and spotting.  Had d&amp;c in December 2010 then mirena inserted for treatment of heavy menstrual flow.  Of course my periods go heavier, not lighter, but somewhat predictable with help of period tracker app.  Once my period hit day 47 in Oct 2012 I had it removed and my period started that day. Since I had the mirena removed my periods have become normal
Prescribed after experiencing breakthrough bleeding on another oral contraceptive. I gave it a fair go - 4 or 5 months, and I can 't seem to get adjusted. Mood swings are more severe, experienced a 10 lb weight gain, feeling considerably more anxious, extreme breast tenderness among feeling nauseated a week prior to period start date. Of course, everyone experiences this differently but that 's my story. Will be discontinuing this on month end.
I 've been on Arimidex for 10 weeks. Although I had arthritis prior to taking Arimidex, my joint discomfort has increased substantially and now I find that my joints (especially my hands and hips) are swollen and always painful. My fingernails have thinned and continually split and tear off, often below the quick (ouch!). I 'm also disheartened to notice that my eyebrows and eyelashes, which had just grown back after my last chemo session, have started to either break or fall out again. Bone and muscle pain are always with me now.
I am on my first month of taking this birth control. As many others, I was taking Ortho tri cyclen for 5+ years and stopped when I wanted to see if it was affecting me mentally (anxiety, mood swings etc.) and now my insurance doesn 't accept it so this was the next best thing. I was nauseous the first 2 weeks and a couple days it was absolutely miserable! My breasts have grown and my boobs hurt constantly! I was getting bad acne before taking the bc and now my face has definitely cleared. I will stick out the nausea and breast pain and continue on month two, but if it continues, it is not the right birth control for me!
I am so scared 
I have taken both the 75 mg and the 100 mg Viberzi,  When I started on this medication, 75 mg it worked somewhat.  My diarrhea was slowed and the stool more solid.  However, after being on it for a month or a little longer the benefits decreased.  I went from having 3 to 4 bowel movements a day, to having 6 or more.  Usual pattern was first movement was the most solid, the next ones were more loose and runny.  My doctor increased the strength of Viberzi to the 100mg.  Same basic issues...worked good at first but after using for a while, I was back to having 6 or more movements with the first one the most solid.  I am again trying the lower dose as the cost of the 100mg was way too expensive, even with Medicare and my supplement drug plan.
My experience with Paragard was horrible I had heavy periods, outrageous cramps, acne, mental issues due to the implant because now that I 've had it removed I feel excellent.  When I had it removed there was rust on the copper. I do not suggest anyone has Paragard implants ever. It was the biggest mistake that I ever made having the  implant put inside of me and I am so grateful that I finally had it removed.
I got the implant a year &amp; a half ago. for the first 9 months I loved it. I didn 't have a period at all for those nine months, which wasn 't weird for me because beforehand my periods were very rare anyways (my menstrual cycles got crazy after the Depo shot... and stayed crazy for over a year). After the nine month mark, my period came back, which was fine... except it NEVER stopped &amp; if it did stop, it was for maybe 2 or 3 days, then it 'd be right back.  My doctor suggested taking the pill on top of the implant to regulate my periods. it worked for a month, then stopped for 2 months altogether. &amp; now it 's back with a vengeance, the worst cramps &amp; heaviest bleeding I 've ever experienced. Such a hassle, I 'm getting it removed tomorrow.
I was prescribed Sprintec by my OBGYN because I thought I had polycystic ovarian syndrome. My blood tests came back saying I didn 't, I continued with Sprintec anyway. My periods have always come every four weeks on the dot, even if they were light. As soon as I started my first pack (the day my period was supposed to start) I had brown spotting for three straight weeks with a heavy period right in the middle. Then I had two days of no spotting, then a 5 day period. Then 2 weeks with no spotting, 2 weeks spotting, 1 week without and I am currently spotting, as I have been for the last week. I 'm about to finish my third pack and I have not renewed my prescription. I was dissappointed my breasts didn 't swell and had nausea the first 2 weeks.
I took this because I was having an ultrasound the next day and my doctor wanted me reasonably cleaned out.  I took 2 tabs at 8pm.  I woke at 4am with bad stomach cramps.  I moved into the bathroom for the next hour, where I experienced crippling stomach cramps, nausea and vomiting (mostly dry heaves as my stomach was fairly empty.  I actually thought about calling 911.  That bad!  I was burning up and sweating profusely - and I typically never sweat. It was the worst I 've ever felt in my 56 years. The product worked.  Several hours later I 'm still with some diarrhea, and the other symptoms are somewhat better, but I 'm never, ever taking this poison again!
I had a mixed experience with Junel Fe. At first I was so relieved because I had no side effects. No weight gain, mood changes, or anything negative and it cleared up my acne/regulated my periods. However, about 5 months in, I started having really bad mood changes. I cried all the time for no reason. I felt insane. It was awful. This medication may work for some people, but if you take Junel Fe and have these side effects, ask your doc to change your medication.
My doctor prescribed Linzess for my irregular, but chronic constipation.  I have been on the drug for 2 months, but today is the last day I will take it.  This drug controls your life.  it is a good thing that I am retired, because there are some days I cannot leave the house.  The effects of the medicine can last up to 6 hours and I have to remain really close to the bathroom.  I have gained 6 unexplained pounds since I began the drug.  My abdomen is so bloated, spanx does not help.  I have to find an alternative.
At first, this drug is a MIRACLE drug. No binging, just all the right types of eating that I got to control. However, I felt the Vyvanse crash (extremely fatigued, angry, hopeless, and &quot;blah&quot;) every day once I started moving up in dose (above 20mg) because the binging was starting to come back in phases. After switching to 30mg -60mg every other month, to try to find the right doseage, I finally realized the drug wasn 't worth the crash.My psychitarist told me that the crashes were so intense due to the fact that I did not have ADHD so the chemical imbalance is what caused the crash.However, if you are on this drug and do feel the crashes, I 've tried a lot of things to help combat it, the one that works the best is to drink water. 1L a day
Made me too &quot;hungover&quot; and groggy the next day.  I was even breaking my 50mg pill in half.
Though highly effective on what it needs to do, the side effects for me were not worth taking this medication. I 'm a non-smoker, non-drinker, no drugs and eat healthy with regular exercise. Before taking this (in combination with Truvada) I was bursting with energy and in the course of six months it seriously took the life and joy out of me. Waking up unrefreshed and feeling numb and exhausted and snappy. Been off Tivicay for a few days now and started Stribild. Feel so much better, happier and energetic.
I have had the implant since September 2016 and whilst I acknowledge that it is one of, if not the most reliable methods of contraception, I am shocked at the changes it has imposed on my body. Since insertion, I have gained 2 stone with no changes in my diet or exercise and my mental health has been particularly bad. It goes without saying that everyone 's body responds differently to contraceptives, but this has not worked for me.
I 'm 19 years old and these are my first birth control pills. I definitely hate these pills right now. I completed my first week today and it 's been hell. I take my pills at 7 PM everyday. I get minor stomach aches which makes me feel uneasy. By time 12 AM comes around I am throwing up every meal I ate for the day. I have also been losing more hair than normal but it was minor amounts. I saw other people mention hair loss but I didn 't think it would be me.
I am going to try a different A/D as this is NOT working out. I started out taking 80 mg of Fetzima 3 months ago, &amp; the doctor lowered my dose to 40 mg about 6 weeks ago because of anxiety. Fetzima has worked for my depression but my anxiety is through the roof! I also sweat like a pig &amp; that causes my electrolytes to flush out, then I start getting severe body cramps. One moment I feel hot as can be, then the next I am cold as ice. I have &quot;never&quot; had side effects like this on any other A/D, and I am done with this!!
It did its job by not getting me pregnant however I gained a lot of weight.  I also had terrible mood swings.  One time I cried for two hours and couldn 't stop.  I was on Yaz for about 6 months and I still had terrible mood swings so I switched to Loestrin and have me very happy so far.
It gets a 10 for effectiveness, a 1 for taste, and a 5 (neutral) for side effects. My mom did Dulcolax and Miralax (both OTC) for her last colonoscopy and that 's probably what I 'll do next time if nothing better comes available. I WILL NEVER USE SUPREP AGAIN. I was able to get the first bottle down with the help of ginger ale (I divided the bottle into 2 glasses with water, and drank the ginger ale separately). It took an hour to do this. The SuPrep was very cold and I used a straw but it did not help much. The aftertaste is horrific and made me want to puke. I did get chills; it started working 20 minutes after I finished. Got down 1/2 a bottle the next day. Luckily my Dr gave me it for free cause I couldn 't afford it. THE KEY IS YOUR DIET
Had my second 50mg injection (done weekly) in the doctor 's office today.  No negative side effects yet.  Metal taste for several hours after the injection.  Mouth sores are gone.  Still taking 200mg of Imuran daily in conjunction.  Thinking I feel a little less fatigued.  Time will tell.
Prozac worked for about a week or two. I felt very happy and pleased.  I could handle my problems, and my suicidal thoughts went away. But now, every and anytime I 'm sad, I have suicidal thoughts and they are worse than ever before.
I had severe headaches, muscle aches, anxiety.  I felt flushed, skin excessively warm. Dizziness my eyeballs hurt. Nausea, vomiting, motion sickness yes motion sickness.
I did not experience any weight gain, acne or physical side effects, and the birth control did do its job (prevent pregnancy). I was however vey emotionally effected by this pill. I was not depressed, but incredibly over emotional. I normally never cry and keep most things to my self, but cried every single day while taking this pill. Ultimately changed to another BC because after 6 months, it did not go away.
At 20mg daily with furosemide 80mg, KCl 10mEq, not much effect on edema or potassium levels.
I have taken many different SSRI 's for over 30 years.  All worked for quite a while, but then I have to be switched to something else.  I have been taking Viibryd for 7 months and I am going to get off of it. I had some gastrointestinal issues at first, some awful, reoccurring realistic dreams, and withdrawal symptoms when I missed a dose by a few hours.  Now I have become an angry person with frequent headaches.  My depression is the worst it has ever been.  2% of the population will have problems with a medicine, so be aware that it might not occur when you first start taking Viibryd.  My insurance would not cover Viibryd until I had a special consideration form submitted by my Doctor.
I 've been on nuerontin for a few days now and since yesterday a few hours after I take it my body starts to twitch really bad. It started while I was driving to  my shop with my son in the car. I was terrified I was going to wreck. I was even having trouble unbuckling him from his car seat. Walking and writing and talking is difficult. Then I was very lightheaded and very weak. I couldn 't even go through my files. Now my eyes hurt and are getting blurry. I 'm still twitchy. Last night my fiance said I was twitching pretty badly while I slept. Not to mention the tingling my my fingers and toes and the extreme heat shooting through my leg.. I hope this goes away. If not I 'm calling my doctor back.
I was taking Atenolol for 3 years 50 mg .I had constant tightness in the chest and never ever felt happy and well. I recently had a trip overseas and finished up in hospital. My blood pressure was 120/80 but my heart beat was down to 44. I was so dizzy i could not walk, enough was enough so i went to a doctor in Melbourne Australia who advised me to take Nitric Factor and reduce Atenolol to 25 mg. This i did but i can assure you coming off this drug was a horror story it took 2 Months and now take one scoop of the Nitric Factor a day and my b/p is about 126/70 and pulse 62. It was my decision to stop taking the 25Mg of Atenolol.I can now sleep and feel i have my life back again.I am 63 years and my initial b/p was 160/ 90 and pulse 70.
Today is day 3 Words of enthusiasm - Be strong and take all your pills on time You can do it girl
This pill made so depressed I could not get out of bed for 6 months. It also caused all the good bacteria in my stomach to wiped out, so I would get at least 1 vaginal Yeast Infection a month. My skin became so dry it would flake off. I had no libido. My periods were little to non-existent, no cramping, but my PMS was off the charts brutal.
My 8 year old son is on this medication. I get it with a coupon and pay $28 for it. My son was on Adderall 5 mg, however developed tick so he was switched to Intuniv. He isn 't as focused. Really miss the Adderall. His grades have declined. Wish there was something else I could try.
Hello ladies I 'm 16 and this is my first YI its also how I found out I am pregnant! This is my first day using the 7 day monistat and I was fine at first but within 15 minutes my vajajay is on fire! And itching sooo bad I put a tampon up there so the medication wouldn 't come out and a wet rag down there on and off and finally after about an hour and a half I have some relief .... PS it helps to wear really loose clothing down there so air can get to it .
The insertion I had a awful time with, it really hurt me and I cramped and bled awhile. I have always has pretty clear skin until I got this, I have a new breakout EVERY day!!!! Its annoying and they are whiteheads and dont ' go away! So I am trying to get mine removed or get on a face medication because I 'm getting married. Other than the terrible acne, you never know its there
I started taking Aviane when I was 16 1/2 and I 've been on it ever since. I 'm now 21 and about to discontinue my use of Aviane. It caused me to be emotional almost all the time, I have very little patience, moods swings, I gained weight, it 's tough to lose weight, I have constant headaches and my acne is horrible to the point of scarring. Since I was taking this birth control through the toughest of teenage years, I just thought this was who I became. But after doing research and finding this website, I now know I 'm not the only one who has suffered through taking Aviane. It did its job with preventing pregnancy, but didn 't help with my heavy period and painful cramps. I 'm finishing my current pack and it 'll be my last.
When you first begin taking Nifedipine, It causes migraines for about the first 3 days.  If you miss 2 or more doses, it causes headaches, flushing and nausea. I developed a rash and swelling on one side of my face.  The rash covered my body.  Do not take if you are taking Vitamin C or B complex.
I 'm taking it now. I experienced side effects that are making me get off it. I have severe chest pain, smoke more, sweat like crazy, happier then normal, don 't eat, drink liquids all day and night.
I was on Arimidex for two months and I thought I was having a heart attack.  Turns out it it was the medication.  I have been on exemestane for three months and my chest feels real tight most of the time.  I have no energy and headaches.  I am trying to decide if to go off it and go on Tamoxifen.  I have talked to several people on tamoxifen with no side effects to speak of except hot flashes.  I also have pain in my fingers and feet. I also feel like I am having some hearing loss which I never had before.
I have my first yeast infection and it was suggested to me that I take Monistat 7. I was told it was the best and would make sure that I didn 't have it by the end, versus 1 and 3. I read reviews and was REALLY worried, but everyone that I talked to said that they didn 't know anybody who has a problem. Well let me tell you what......I sure had a PROBLEM! After putting on the cream for the night I was writing in pain/itch. It was so bad I could feel myself wanting to cry. It was HORRID!!!! I told the people who suggested this to me and they had NEVER had that experience. We 're thinking the formula changed. I 'll be going to the Drs on Monday.
Started taking this pill due to the severe cramps I suffer when I do have my period. Started the pill Sunday following the start of my period and I m bleeding heavy again with cramps. I felt the nausea and vomiting. I 'm not comfortable with the side affects. I 'm not a damn Guinea pig. Done
Takes a while to get to sleep  but once asleep  that 's how I stay. However  I have found that it still effects me the next day. .....extremely  groggy  and exhausted.  Not for me .
I 've been taking anti depression meds for about 7 years. Was on Celexa for 3 of those years and it was great. I worked my way up to 150 mg and it just seem to quit in me altogether so I was prescribed Zoloft by my doctor and I 'm not happy with it. Had to and Sertraline to it, also prescribed by my doc. I finally got the courage to go see a therapist and he is slowly transitioning me over to Trillexine. I 'm on Day 5 of coming off Lexapro and slowly moving to  the Trillexine. Not that easy. I 'm on .5 Trillexine and 150 mg of Lexapro. Seem to be having panic attacks and anxiety. I 'm able to control it a little better but I 'm ready for this anxiety to be gone from my body. I 'm hoping this drug does the trick. 
I was on cymbalta 60mg for 18 months. I 've been on many different antidepressants throughout the years. My issue is not when you take it but when you go off. Please do not take this medicine. I 've gone through hell the last 12 days getting this drug out of my system. Google cymbalta withdrawal or cymbalta discontinuation syndrome to learn more.
I was on this for about 2 years, 10 mg/day. It was clearly causing my legs to swell, but nevertheless, I persisted. Eventually, the elephant legs were too much for me to take, so I stopped the amlodipine, cold turkey. I lost 8 pounds of water over the next few days and low and behold, blood pressure went way, way down! I hit as los as 109/59, which prompted me to stop another BP med, losartan, which turned out to have been causing my chronic leg pain! I am now only on chlorthalidone, with a bp a bit high at 135/82, not sure which way to go next. Maybe try cutting salt. If you get the elephant legs from amlodipine,  maybd cut the dose or cut out the drug, try a different way to lower BP.
Before I got this I had regular periods. I am 5 '4 and weigh 100lb, I gained 15lbs on this,but I needed to gain weight anyways.It was very easy to put in. I wasn 't on my period at that time so I didn 't get my period for the next 3 weeks and I thought this was awesome. A week later I got my period and it was heavy most days and then light but it didn 't go away for about 6 months which is usual. I was off my period for about 2 weeks and had spotting during that, but after the 2 weeks I got my period and I had it for I don 't even know how long but months straight! I didn 't want to get it out but I had no choice and got it out my doctor said this was because of stress and not sleeping but my gyno said this happens to many people
Treated daughter as directed with Sklice, and 5 days later, live lice reappeared.  Disappointed to say the least after washing bedding, putting away stuffed animals, etc.  Any health care provider I talked to about the re-occurrence said that you MUST comb out the nits even though the Sklice directions and website advertise that no combing is needed.  Feel greatly misled.
After five days drug led to elevated pulse.  On ninth day, irregular, pounding heartbeat.
I had my Mirena inserted on Aug 14th and so far other than bloating and spotting, I 'm having a good experience with it. I got mine inserted at planned parenthood and it was uncomfortable but pain was similar to what I experience during pap smears, so not totally undoable. I 'm curious to know when those who mentioned it caused weight gain started to notice it? Because I am already overweight and gaining lbs is not an option. Just trying to get a gage on when I should stop checking the scale relentlessly for any change. Thanks.
I just started taking this. I am now on week 4 and it is bitter sweet so far. My period has been abnormal (about 2 years without a period) and my doc prescribed this pill to me. It 's &quot;sweet&quot; because I got my period. Not too light and not too heavy. However, there are a lot of &quot;bitter&quot; sides. For 1 week, I felt  really nauseous. Also, I barely have acne on my face before, but after taking these pills I developed small acne all over. It looks like chicken pox all over my face. I will continue to try this for 2 more months. If the problems persist, I 'm going to ask doc to prescribe me something else.
calms me down too much
Abilify was okay but it made me very agitated and anxious.
I started out on Yasmin but had to switch to Ocella since I have no prescription coverage.  Between the two I was on them for over 2 years.  In that time, I gained 20 pounds.  After I switched to Ocella,  While I was taking it, my moods were level but the first day without the pill I felt completely out of control of my emotions and on an emotional roller-coaster to the point of having to leave work a few times, which is not me at all!  Once I got my period, it was better but I didn 't look forward to the next month.  After a crazy month of break-through bleeding, emotional ups and downs, and feeling like I was going crazy, I asked my doctor to switch me to something else.  My sister had the same symptoms within a month or two and so did friends.
Extreme withdrawal symptoms.  Chills, runny nose, cramps, pain, nausea, shakes, felt terrible. It worked well for first two days for a bowel movement but than stopped working as well.  The bad side effects continued all the time I was on the drug (2 months ). My pain Dr. was surprised at my reaction to the drug as most of her patients handle it well.  Insurance (UH) refused to pay for it after 2 months.  My cost was going to be around 400 a month not worth it for me.
I just finished taking this after a 6 day period for pneumonia. It was all fine, except for the restless leg syndrome at night, but that I could handle with an iron pill. The last day I took it I woke up in the middle of the night with severe itching, I took a shower, changed my bed sheets, used lotion and topical creams. I took 2 Benadryl and nothing worked!The only good thing, is my symptoms dissipated after a couple of days!
I decided to try out the Paragard after giving birth to my 2nd child.  I 'd already tried the pill &amp; depo , neither worked for me so paragard was recommended for me due to the no hormones &amp; longevity. The initial  procedure was so painful for me I thought I Was dying considering that I 've never given birth vaginally. My obgyn had to attempt 3times before successful getting it done (my uterus is tighter than most so the utensil kept being pushed out). But the ultimate deal breaker for me is the irregular periods &amp; discomfort during sex. My cycles come twice a month sometimes &amp; they 're so heavy that I have to use a tampon &amp; pad at the same time &amp; lasting longer. Sex is uncomfortable @times &amp; I often have no sex drive at all.
I just started with Opana ER 5mg every 12 hours. The first time I used it, it did help with the pain, not much but a little. Then after a few days, I started suffering from some of the side effects. Anxiety attacks that verged on the near panic attack stage, difficulty breathing, and a few others. I told my doctor that I have heart problems, asthma, and a history of seizures, but he decided that he would give it to me anyway.  I am glad that Opana ER works for some, but it is not the one for me.
I took it for a week. The first time I took it, I fell asleep. But it helps me with focus and thinking clearly. Still, I would go on the Adderall because it lasted longer in my system and I wasn 't so sleepy.
My tummy has been bloated to the point that I have the same appearance as I did when I was 22-23 weeks pregnant. Also, I have had persistent gas (which is very uncommon for me). I am wondering if the side effects will subside because I am happy with the birth control quality/convenience of the Mirena and the lower amount of hormones released.
Pataday seemed to do the trick for a few weeks, but after a month or so, I developed conjunctivitis.  I thought perhaps I was sick and continued using the eye drops, but over time, my conjunctivitis worsened.
The doctor gave me terconazole 0.8%for BV. I didn 't feel comfortable taking it, but he swore it was safe to take. I have had so much swelling and excruciating cramp like pains for 6 days now. I 've been bed ridden for 3 of those days.  Nurse said it was a side effect of the med. I knew I shouldv 'e followed my first mind. The nurse told me not to take anymore, I 'm like of course not, didn 't need you to tell me that. Now this pain has jumped from my left side to my right side. I forgot to add, I 'm 9weeks with child.  Although the med says not recommended use for expectant mothers before 3months, but goodness, this pain is like no other!!!Mother Earth has the best healing. I will seek this route and keep you posted.
My husband got this for me since I haven 't been pooping that well lately. He told me it was better than any others, because you don 't get stomach cramps. WRONG. I took 2 a couple of hours ago, and now, my stomach is in the worst pain ever. Thankfully, I have had a BM, but I don 't think I will ever take Dulcolax again because of the severe pain.
FatigueJoint PainDepressionLoss of libido
I just started this yesterday, so I will continue to update on it. My low score doesn 't indicate that it isn 't working for me, just that is not yet had a chance to. So far though I have been up the entire night itching. Not at the application Site, but all over just like I do when I 'm coming down from morphine, or other anesthesia after surgery. I hope that this passes because I 'm very optimistic that this will work for me. My doctor just switched me to Butrans yesterday to replace Norco and baclofen  because my breakthrough pain was just getting so frequent and so severe that the other drugs were worthless. Reading everybody else 's stories though makes me feel very optimistic about  Butrans.
I 've had mine in for about a month. Everyone I know who has had it said it was great and they love it. For me it has been painful and during sex my boyfriend has commented to me that he felt it poke him. I have also gained weight since the placement. I like that it keeps me protected for 5 years and that I don 't have to worry about a pill everyday, but the pain is just too much. I have set an appointment to get it removed in 2 weeks.
I wish I had found this site last year because I would have never gotten this. Now  I 'm one and a  half years in, before I used to have light 4 day periods but now they 're light but 2 weeks long. I never have sex anymore because my periods are so irregular and I had no clue. So many others complained about fatigue. I am always tired. I can 't use the pill because I smoke and I am terrified to get Mirena out. I had the worst insertion where the first one bent and they had to shove the second one in. I went into shock and couldn 't feel my arms or legs for 20 mins. Removal is sure to be difficult with my luck. And who knows if and how long it will take to feel normal again? Every doctor I 've talked to says I am the exception but is this said to us just so they can keep selling these?
I have been prescribed the gel version of this medication in the past for BV, and I may have to call my Dr and see if it is possible to be switched to that. This pill makes me feel like complete crap, and I am not a small woman, and I am not normally sensitive to side effects. I feel excessively tired and nauseous, and when I 'm not feeling tired and nauseous I am feeling anxious with bouts of dizziness. It 's Friday night and my Dr will be closed until Monday, so I am going to have to continue with this for at least two more days before I can talk to my Dr. This is only day one and I am silently hoping that my body gets used to the drug and the side effects get better with time and not, God forbid, worse with build up!
I have been suffering from depression and anxiety for over a year, I finally decided to look for help because I was feeling really numb and hating my life, just feeling like a failure.  I am on my 5th week and I am still waiting for my mood to improve, I read some people say it might take 6-8 weeks to start kicking in and I cannot wait to feel better and have positive thoughts again.  Any words of encouragement would be greatly appreciated.
Oily skin, 29 days on epiduo Middle acne before using epiduo.So when I started using epiduo I saw results the first week my face was getting better. 2 weeks in epiduo my face was all red. 3 week my face was getting worse .4 week it isn 't improving. i will keep you updated
Worked for a little while and had seen improvements in energy and a little in sex drive. But, if you are trying to get your significant other pregnant get your semen analyzed before and during treatment. My levels were non existent on Androgel! Once we switched Docs and treatment my semen levels went back to normal. Hope this helps
I first took it and felt great for about 5 days. However, slowly I started feeling sick again. Now I 'm back to throwing up twice a day and can 't eat hardly anything. I don 't know if it would be worse with the medication so I keep taking it.
The 1 good thing is I 'm not pregnant.  I 've been reading and majority of everyone is the same as me.  I got the implant in Feb hella excited to not have a period ever, and literally out of the almost 7 months I stopped bleeding for a week.  Does anyone know if the spotting ever stops or do I just push through it?  I have had mood swings but those last a day or 2. I had them anyway with PMS.  I 'd like to know if I should get it removed or wait it out if the bleeding does stop
Hi, I got the implanon in, in December  2014 I 'm now 16 years old. I gained 25 to 30kgs in that period. I never changed my eating habbits, I went from a size 6 to a size 16. It really makes me depressed. I 've tried to change the way I eat and I now have joined the gym! But I can 't seem to see any changes? I have really bad stretch marks and a new one appears every day ! It is honsetly the best with the prevention of pregnancy but beside the fact of weight gain I would recommended it
This medication did not work well for me at all, and I got the unfortunate side effect of lactation. At the time I was sixteen and that 's just something that I was not willing to deal with.
I took Viibryd for 3 months, as in spite of initial side effects, I really wanted to give it a shot, since I 've tried virtually everything else. The sexual side effects began after the very first low-dose tablet and continued until I quit cold turkey after 3 months. I 'm 57 and went from enjoying sex with my wife 2 to 3 times a week, to almost complete anorgasmia while on Viibryd. Three days after quitting I was almost back to normal, and within a week I was back to 100%. The best I can say: virtually no side effects of the withdrawal, in fact the frequent headaches I had while taking it have ceased.
I 've only been taking this pill a month. My son was 6weeks old when I started it. I 'd just finished the bleeding process from my pregnancy. My Dr put me on that day. I 've been bleeding ever since. My son is now 12 weeks so I 've been bleeding for 6 weeks straight off and on. I was trying to figure out why I was producing less milk then usual. I figured it out the pill. I will not  recommend this (&quot;mini pill) to anyone. I lost weight after I had my son I was almost back on my pre pregnancy clothes. Today I went to get dressed and I couldn 't fit anything. I 'm completely bloated,irritable and I have constant migraines. I 'm so done with this pill. We plan on getting pregnant on more time then I 'm getting my tubes tied.
I 'm on my 3rd pack of chateal and I just called my birth control provider to ask them if they could switch me to another pill. It 's worked for me the last 3 months that I 've been on it but with some side effects. Like really bad nausea, stomach pains, but the one that really bothered me was the acne. I usually have really clear skin and only get acne when I 'm about to start my period but ever since I started taking these, I break out like crazy! I expect to see a new pimple right after taking a pill. They 're always really bad ones too! Hopefully my next pill is better!
I had Nexplanon inserted 3 months ago. I 've since had it removed and went back to the pill. To start, I had spotting for 3 wks and then it stopped. However, sex caused the spotting to return for wks. Spotting was the least of my worries as far as side effects. This implant caused great turmoil in my life - mental and physical. In 1 month, I felt irritable and anxious.  The highs/lows of my mood swings left me feeling like I was losing my mind. Insomnia kicked in and signs of depression emerged. I had no motivation or energy. I 'm a runner and 2 months after insertion, I began experiencing headaches after a workout. I relied on Advil and sleep aides to deal. I had my doc take it out after 3 months. My life is back to normal now!
Night sweats. Many trips to bathroom during the night, urinating.
I started this birth control in January 2016. I am now  18. I have had a steady boyfriend through this time so I figured this would be the best choice- especially since i can 't swallow pills. All I can say is it was not bad for the first 8 months (short periods, weight loss) but somewhere around my 9th month taking it, I started to experience terrible anxiety, depression, loss of my sense of self, and really darkt houghts. My cycle also began to alternate. I would receive a period one month, then then the next month, it would be gone. (which caused paranoia over pregnancy... not fun). There was not a day my boobs weren 't sore and my cramps and back pain were awful. Do seriously, don 't take this pill if you have a history with anxiety or depression!
I was on Microgestion Fe 1/20 for around 10 months due to migraines. I was constantly having breakthrough bleeding, mood swings, horrible anxiety which I had never had before, and my acne had come back. I switched to Glidess Fe 1.5/30 because it was free through my insurance and all of my symptoms cleared up. After going back to school, where I do not have my normal pharmacy, I got put on Microgestion Fe 1.5/30 because they do not carry Glidess. My doctor did not clear this, but the pharmacist told me that I should have no problems. WRONG! My anxiety came back full swing and that is not helpful being a college nursing student. I am constantly tired and I am eating like crazy. I am switching back to my old medication asap.
I was taking Tri-Previfm, and then without my permission CVS switched me to this, claiming it was the same exact thing. Well I 'm not so sure. Since starting this I 've had a bunch of symptoms I 've never had on the other one like rapid heart rate, pins and needles headaches, and frequent infections. I never got pregnant and it regulated my periods. But other than that... This stuff is garbage. Not worth it.
I have been on this medicine since October 22, today is November 15. My appetite feels more controlled throughout the day, but I am only down two pounds. I have experienced serious nausea, vomiting and lightheaded episodes. All of the reading I have done, several people say stick with it and it will subside. I am going to stay with it as long as I can and hope that the side effects decrease, or at best go away completely. Because I typically feel this way everyday, I have very little energy and do not want to work out. I have tried drinking tons of water (which is helpful anyway), protein snacks, carbs snacks (crackers or toast) in an effort to stop the nausea. Unfortunately, nothing seems to help but time and waiting it out.
I 've only been on Loestrin 24 FE for three weeks. Prior to starting these pills, I hadn 't had my period since July 1, 2011. By the second week of taking these pills, I 've had severe flooding, horrible cramps, diarrhea, and my skin is blotchy. My doctor told me that I would probably start my period or at least &quot;spot&quot; but I have extremely heavy flow right now. I realize that maybe this is due to the endometriosis that built up from my PCOS and uterine fibroid issue, but I had no idea it would feel like Niagara Falls. I am also waking up every night around 3AM and having nightmares. All started as soon as I took these pills.
I was given this to try for menstrual migraines. (I only get my migraines the first day of, the last day of, and sometimes halfway between periods.) While it did get rid of my migraine, the pain got A LOT worse before it went away. That was the one and only time I used this medication.
Remeron worked for me for maybe a month or so, but I then began becoming very angry and full of rage for very little reason, if any! I had expressed my feelings with my Dr. and he said he was not really familiar with these side effects.After a few weeks, I realized I should google these feelings and wow. Exactly the same feelings I was going through.
I have had depression for about 13 years know or I guess it started out as anxiety. I have been on every medication you can name. Most had side effects and had to be switched but nothing serious. I was on Celexa for about ten years and then about three years ago it just stopped working. That is when I was diagnosed with major depression. I don 't have a marriage anymore after twenty-two years, lost my job after nine years, can hardly get out of bed most days. I 'm not living living, I 'm serviving. My doctor put my on Fetzima and after not seeing any improvement at 40mg he moved me up to 80mg. I started not being able to urinate without forcing it out and had to go every two hours. I have never had bladder problems before. I got off the pills
I am 20 years old and I have ADD. I have been on every medication under the sun. I 've been on the lower dose of Vyvanse for about a year and 1 week on the 40 mg. It has turned me into a monster. Side effects, I have been temperamental, irritated, easily annoyed. Mean to people close to me for no reason. Tired of school, want to give up school, dizzy. Feel like on autopilot going through the motions not really there, don%u2019t care anymore, isolation. My eye sight has been whack since I started higher dose. Have had chest pain not often every once in a while. I am happy during the day but at night. 
I have been on the depo shot since October 2014. After my first shot I bled for 2 months straight. I consulted with my doctor and she said it was normal. I got my second shot and I bled 6 weeks straight. Within the 2 shots I started noticing acne, headaches all the time, and lots of anxiety/fatigue/dizziness and I find myself being hungry all the time. I told myself that I would not get a 3rd shot. I have severe cramps and I have not bled since the 6 weeks after I got my 2nd shot so I was happy about not having a period. I decided to go ahead and get the 3rd shot. I have not had any bleeding but the acne and headaches, anxiousness, dizziness, and fatigue are all still happening. I don 't like what the shot is doing to my body therefore I
Unfortunately my experience has not been good. I did a Sunday start and have been bleeding for over 3weeks. I have had horrible stomach aches, skin breaking out, bloating and mood swings. 
This medicine is not reducing my diastolic pressure as I feel it should. It is still averaging over 100.
I gave this medication a 4 because I lost 10 pounds in 2 months on it. It did nothing for my pain and depression, though. I took 60 mg and I weighed from 110-120lbs.
I have had the injections of synvice 3 times so far the first time I got the injection it worked pretty good after about 3 weeks it made me pain free for about two to three months the second and third time I had the injections I did not feel a thing even after 3 weeks I 'm going back to cortisone next time.
Bad experience. Bad sleep.
I have had the nexplanon for 5 months now. I hate it &amp; would not recommend it! I was on BC pills for 3 years, but decided to try something different because the pills tend to give me headaches. I have a scar on my arm from the insert &amp; it 's very tender in that area of my arm. I have my cycle 3 weeks out of the month. I was told that my body would have to get use to the Nexplanon but after 3 months everything should be normal. That is not the case! I have gained 10 lbs so far, no sex drive &amp; I am depressed normally all of the time. This was not me before getting the Nexplanon!! I have decided to have it removed &amp; will have my consultation tomorrow. I cannot wait to get back to my BC pills. I rated this a 3 only bc I haven 't gotten pregnant.
I would first like to say birth controls act different on every person who takes them but this one was terrible for me. I 've had three for the past year, trying this one hoping it would be the one for me but it wasn 't. In the first week I felt my moods changing and my appetite growing. By the end of three months I developed depression. not all because of the pill but I 'm sure its some to blame. Hope this helps. 
I used Yaz on and off for several years and the first month was always the hardest: fatigue and extreme irritability. Your energy reserves should not be spent trying to keep rage in check. Nevertheless, after that adjustment period, I leveled out somewhat and experiences some pro 's: clearer skin, fuller breasts, no noticeable weight gain (though I diet like a jockey) and of course no babies. Period was mercifully light (2-3 days) and PMS was slightly minimized (but still acknowledged by boyfriend). My libido slowly started to ebb.By the 2nd or 3rd month, moderate depression. By the 4th, severe. By the time I started having suicidal thoughts, I decided to switch to a less psychologically harmful method of birth control: abstinence.
I have been on 100 mg Nucynta 4x a day for several years. Took a long time for me to grow used to it but alas.. i did. And you will. I never had any side effects at all and this med initially controlled the pain from a level 2 fusion, facet joint arthritis of the spine, 5 exploratory wrist surgeries and some other things but didn 't last long.. I have never tried any other narcotic for pain and have decided since opiates have gotten so badly out of hand lately and the laws are going to be majorly tightening on them soon that I am not refilling the Nucynta this time. I am going off the pain killers cold turkey. Good luck to you all with your pain and finding what works for you all.
I switched over to the NuvaRing from Gildess FE 1/20 simply for the convenience.  Gildess worked great for me, no side effects, so I figured I would try NuvaRing.  I had to stop it after two months.  The second month on the ring, I experienced off and on anxiety, depression at times, unmotivated, and just not like myself.  I attributed it to it being finals week in college... but when I didn 't feel at peace at all during break, I knew something was wrong.  I even flipped out on my boyfriend for no reason and ignored him.  The final straw was the random crying outbursts I experienced.  Nothing was bothering me, but I found myself fighting back random tears.  Back to Gildess for me!  Thank god!  I can 't sacrifice emotional stability for convenience.
The first few months I experienced flu-like symptoms. Then joint and muscle pain followed. I couldn 't even walk or climb stairs without pain. I am only 52! After 10 months on it I gave up.
I don 't think this works.
I have been on April for almost 2 years now and I am finally getting off of it next week and starting Ocella.  I lost my sex drive, wanted to eat everything in sight, and was very emotional. No change in breast size, and never had trouble with acne. I dealt with Apri for this long because it helped with my ovarian cysts and kept my periods light and regular.  4 months ago I started eating healthy and working out consistently to lose weight, and yet no successful results. I am so sick of having to eat minimal calories and work out 4+ days a week just to MAINTAIN my weight. I really hope Ocella works!
I 've been on it for a few days now in an attempt to get off Zoloft. I 've been diagnosed with depression and anxiety as a result of PMDD. Today I took a very low dose while tapering off Zoloft and its not pleasurable at all. I 'm nauseous, extreme dry mouth and severe anxiety. I work with the public and felt so jittery that I couldn 't work. I am willing to tough it out with some support and compassion from my family, friends and co-workers but I don 't like feeling like something is controlling my ability to function. I really hope it improves.
Worked great for my blood pressure however I had to stop this medicine because of severe and rapid hair loss.
2 weeks in I 've got the worst breakout I 've had in years.  Also nausea and stomach pains.  I prefer Ortho Tri-Lo -- didn 't have any of these side effects on that one.
jittery, dry mouth, shortness of breath, tightness in chest, exacerbated hand tremors, diarrhea, nausea, headache, hot flash every day.  Excessive daytime sleepiness (EDS) marginally improved at best.
I was started at 20mgs and after 12 weeks with no improvement my dr.bumped it up too 40mgs daily which put a SMALL damper on the extreme depression I was having but that was only by making me feel nothing at all..except maybe confusion and restlessness.After about 6 months my dr changed me to lexapro which worked better..not MUCH better but a little better.
I was on Yaz for 2 months. My acne got worse, and I had terrible breast tenderness, to the point where I couldn 't wear a bra or sleep on my side or stomach. I switched to Loestrin Fe which is working wonderfully.
took  starter pack for 13 days  and felt like I was in a fog all the time- on the 10th day started to have dizziness- by the 13th day it was so bad  I stopped it. My doctor said to stop it for one week and then only take it once a day. Will see if that works or not . Both the company nor the doctor ever mention  these effects!
My insurance company decided to stop paying for the medication I was on so my Doc is trying something else and that something else is is Tizanidine. I had hopes that it would work as I have several medical issues but unfortunately all that has happened is I have the worst case of dry... well I was going to say dry mouth but it 's more like someone cut the top of my head &amp; filled it up with sand. I have the worse case of dry head. I know it sounds funny but my eyes, nose &amp; mouth are so dry. I can 't remember a medication making me feel quite so dry. It isn 't helping the muscle spasms at all but as a sleep aid it works pretty good.
I went on Yaz for about three years and I found that my mood drastically changed for the worse as time went on. I had horrible mood swings and cried about everything. 
Helped with my incontinence, caused very bad swelling.
Just took my first dose 5 mg of Brintellix - have been on every possible medication including Wellbutrin for 15 years, Seroquel for 9 years, Lexapro for 2 years, just weaned off Lexapro.  I feel quite odd, butterflies in stomach and brain fog - my daughter has been on Brintellix for 2 months and is still vomiting - if this continues, another failed med.
I started taking Xolair, and while it eliminated my hives (yay!) I experienced terrible stomach problems (constant gas and bloating) and weight gain of about 10 lbs that I cannot seem to lose. (I 'm small so 10 lb is a lot) It 's is hugely annoying- I feel pregnant, and I am very active and fit and have always been able to maintain my weight, and now I can eat almost nothing and work out and it 's still there. Going off of Xolair, hope this problem resolves itself. Annoying!
My 6 year old son has Aspergers and ADHD. He takes Strattera and 3mg of Intuniv daily for about 3 months now.  While it seems as if I can actually get his attention now while before I could not hardly at all, he is still having trouble paying attention and completing work in school. He is getting in less trouble, fewer outbursts and staying in his seat. Though I feel I should credit that to the Strattera which he started just a month before the Intuniv. He can hold conversation now too. The big issue has been headaches and stomach pain, including vomiting and heartburn. He would say his stomach and chest burns and is hot. Well recently an ulcer was found. 
Been on this for a few weeks now and I feel no better than I did before I started taking this.. Gained weight and getting severe migraines..
I felt dizzy, light headed,  confused, and my throat felt like it was closing .I can 't tell if it is any good because you are on so many medications when you have stage 3 heart failure. But I do know this the trials should have went forward to look at all evidence these fast tract FDA approvals have killed a lot of people because of serious side affects look at the law commercials you see everyday .
Got the first shot today. Felt nauseous after 15-20 mins and diarrhea.Arm still stings a little bit after a few hours.
So I will say that Beyaz has served its course. I 've been on it for a little over a year and can only offer 2 pros. Pros: it stopped my period, it prevented pregnancy. Cons: the mood swings are terrible, I am always irritated, every little thing bothers me, I am so rude to my husband. Not to mention, I cry at the drop of a dime. Before Beyaz, I could count on one hand the number of times I had cried in the last 5 years. Also, the weight gain. My doctor put me on Beyaz because it was supposed to help me lose weight. Instead, I have gained everywhere &amp; although I constantly work out, I can 't lose the weight. I have never had acne, so I can 't really speak on that, but I will say that I have had quite a few breakouts while being on Beyaz.
I was placed on this for Miragine prevention.  The weight loss was cool, but the resulting High Blood Pressure not cool.  So much so that I was not able to be put on birth control medication.  I am no longer on this medication and still am suffering from HBP.  I do not smoke or drink and my blood pressure was perfect before starting this medication.
I had Nexplanon inserted on Nov. 20, 2016. It is Jan. 20, 2016 and I have bled every single day. There was a week of much heavier bleeding and maybe two weeks of moderate bleeding, the rest have been light to moderate without stopping. Some research suggests that Ibuprofen every 6 hours as prescribed or Doxycycline twice a day as prescribed will help to settle the endometrial lining however, neither has worked for me.
I found out a had trich from my  pap examination, the doctor immediately prescribed me metronidazole 500mg and to take all four pills at once. I 'm not sure if it worked because I still feel the same way I felt before I took the pills. And I had no symptoms at all. So I wouldn 't know how to rate the meds because I 'm still hoping it just goes away by me just taking all four of those tablets. So can anyone tell me how long does trich last?
This was my first attempt at a prescription for weight loss and I took this from 9/13-3/14. I lost weight and my appetite, somedays forgetting to eat at all. This medicine had a big effect on me that I didn 't comprehend while I was on it. I held a high level position and drove multi-states for work. Q made it increasingly tough to focus and effected my eyesight and caused some hair loss over time. I couldn 't sleep and in addition to not being able to focus, I was exhausted....Wired AND Tired everyday! These things got worse over time. I had dull, almost puffy pain around my eyes everyday, all day long, and my hands and feet were freezing even in hot weather. I was so off-kilter on this...although I lost weight, I felt increasingly awful.
I was given inapsine for nausea during delivery by caesarian. While lying on the operating table I developed an extreme case of RLS, restless arms, actually, since my lower body was completely anesthetized. The only relief was flailing my arms and shaking them vigorously. I passed out shortly thereafter and that was the end of that. Fifteen years later I experienced somewhat extreme RLS and immediately recognized it as the same way my arms had felt during delivery (post-inapsine). The RLS continued for months and was likely due to taking sertraline. When I finally made the connection, I tapered off the sertraline and haven 't had an episode since. Perhaps those who have RLS due to inapsine are more likely to have the same reaction to SSRIs.
Feet ankles and legs still badly swollen each day.
I 'm a late 50s male recently diagnosed with RA. Thus far, it has not worked at all for me (have &quot;ramped up&quot; over the past two months). To be fair, I was told it could take months before it &quot;kicked in.&quot; I 'm fairly miserable every day - hands, feet, and jaw, alternating or at the same time.  Had no idea how nasty RA is until getting first-hand experience. Fatigue is an issue for me as well, RA or the sulfasalazine?  This has been tough as I have always been very active.
Have Tried metropol, tried verapamil now carvedilol. I am getting horrible side effects again. Waking with headache in morning and it just stays all day. Panadol doesn 't relieve it. My ears are constantly ringing like I have been to a loud music concert. I get stomach pains and nausea. Sometimes I get a buzz sensation from heart to forehead. Urinating a lot, thirsty. Just hate all these meds.
I was prescribed this medication initially for depression and then along with another medication for atypical depression and panic disorder.  I had to give it some stars because it did help with the anxiety.  Problem was I had no life.  No sex drive.  Emotionally flat.  Slept 12-16 hrs a day (I craved sleep all the time) and ate non stop eventually gaining 80 lbs.  Finally my husband encouraged me to go off it.  I tapered the dose and experienced brain zaps and generally weird feelings for several weeks.  
I have been on Loestrin 24 FE for about a month now and my experience is terrible. I have literately been on my period for 29 days straight and I 'm freaking out. And I 'm talking full on period, not light bleeding everyday for well 29 days so far. And its making me break out. I 'm going to be calling my doctor on Monday because this can 't be healthy for my body to lose this much blood.
Worked in the short term to prevent spasms. However, it made me extremely anxious and panicky with a racing heart.
I was prescribed this as my regular birth control (Meliane) was not available here. I completed my first month on Blisovi and it has been horrible. It made me very irritable and paranoid (I 'm usually laid back to indifferent) and it has killed all sex drive I had. I 've had more than usual hair loss with dry skin and scalp. It also caused vaginal dryness for me and made sex uncomfortable. I 've had bad constipation despite upping my intake of fiber to counter things and when it was time for my period, I didn 't bleed but had severe cramps and backaches- basically all my PMS symptoms without bleeding which made me worried about being pregnant (I checked and am not). The good thing is that it is completely covered by my insurance.
After surgery I was pronounced cancer free but still put in Aromasin. I found the side effects difficult especially insomnia. My schedule is busy and this plus muscle/joint pain is hard. I went off for several months during a vacation and felt far better. I returned to taking it and almost immediately the side effects returned. I have very mixed feelings about continuing. My health insurance covers it so thankfully expense is not an issue. I will probably continue as statistically the drug has proved valuable.
Helped somewhat with ruination, however sexual ejaculation got crazy and erection was short lived, even with Viagra.  Dizziness is a very big problem, especially when golfing.  Had a rash this morning just under my pectoral muscles, itching.  I have been taking this med about 4-5 weeks.  Call in to the Doc now, waiting.....
Was prescribed Fioricet for my headaches that don 't go away with regular means or my Toradol.  I 've had either woken  up with or developed a headache for 2 weeks in a row now.  The Fioricet seemed to make the headache abate so I didn 't notice it as much the first day I took it but the headache was back the next day. So, it didn 't work for me but it does make me not care so much and feel sleepy.  As you can see by the other posts here, whether it works or not is a personal thing.
Works great for the urinary problem but created a whole lot of other issues. Severe weight gain, anxiety(moody), constipation, etc. Taking 4 mg every other day I was up to 1 to 2 hours but still had issues. Up it to 4 mg daily is when I really noticed the above. Not a good fit for me.
I have only been on the injection since tuesday. I have found I feel very sick most of the time, then couldn 't stop vomiting early hours Saturday morning , does anyone know if there is anything you can take for this, I have lost 8 pound in weight since tuesday as I 'm not eating very much due to lack of appetite , my sugar levels have dropped which is great as I could not get them to come down, I also take 2 metformin 500grms , feel tired, weak and stomache pains. I can cope with everything - just can 't cope with the vomiting
This is the first birth control I 've been on, I mostly used it for acne at first. For the first 1 month it was fine then after that I started getting nauseous a few hours after taking the pill. Then the 3rd month I would get really nauseous that I would almost throw up and this was happening a few days a week and I missed to much school, so I finally stopped taking it. But besides being super nausea all the time I had moodswings, did nothing for my acne, bad cramps, and anxiety. The only good thing is was that it regulated my period.
Been taking since 12/23 and no results at all. I 've had nausea and at one time severe diarrhea. I workout, eat right, drink water. Will continue to take, maybe my body is slowly responding to this drug.
The medicine was wonderful up until 7 months after I stopped taking the medicines (6 month treatment).  The acne came back full blown after the seven months of being off the medication.  My dermatologist said we should not try the medicine again because the cystic acne must be hormonal.  No one told me prior too taking the medicine that if it were hormonal the medicines would not work.  
Several years ago, I took Phentermine for 9 months.  I lost 75lbs, my hair, and my ability to sleep.  I had extreme insomnia for several years which then turned into major anxiety.  It took me about 5 years to get a full head of hair back...I had bald spots all over, and I am back at my original weight.  My husband told me he would divorce me if I went back on it.  I became a food Nazi and could not sit still...basically my family hated me.  Sad thing is...here I am looking into phentermine again because I hate my weight.
I 've been taking concerta for 3 years now and I 'm 18. I started out with 18mg and slowly went up to 54mg. My grades went from really low to average in weeks but the side effects are really crappy. I have troubles sleeping at night and I feel things that aren 't there. I also have a big loss of appetite and have to force myself to eat sometimes. I have days where I get really depressed to the point that I don 't want to get out of bed and do anything. I also feel really anxious and on edge and I start scratching/ picking at my skin which gave me scars all over my back. I thought about it and went off the pill and my grades suddenly dropped again. The pill really does help with focus and motivation but the side effects are really tough!!!
Ive been on 15 mg 2x daily for one week now. After taking Xanax for years, I tried to stop and ended up having a seizure and hospitalized for a few days. The doctors there prescribed me the buspirone, and I have not experienced any anxiety so far. I am now sleeping through the night which was a huge concern for me since I was going days with little to zero sleep. Only problem now is I could sleep all day! And I constantly have a dull headache. I try to ignore it and carry on, but its there all the time. I dont want to go back to benzos but they seem to have the best results.. I 'll check back in a month with an update.
This drug was prescribed to me by my family doctor to help with my ulcerative colitis.  I think that after three years of off and on flares with colitis and prednisone usage, I am now steroid resistant. This medicine has worked very poorly for me. At the highest dose of 9 mg, my symptoms are not nearly under control.
I have had implanon for just over a year. Although its a great BC, I have had no weight gain or mood swings which I like but I do not stop bleeding it 's so irregular I still have no pattern I am currently stuck in a 2 week period and starting to get bad cramping. When I first got it I had a 3 week period it seemed to be fine and then it 's just changed again also my skin has turned into a teen in puberty :(
I have Lyme disease. For the first week taking cefditoren I did not suffer any side effects to any extent of discomfort. However, for the past week, I have had extremely painful and persistent diarrhea. I have lost many hours of sleep due to nighttime discomfort and been unable to fulfill daily obligations because of this condition.   It is worsening by the day. Aside from the intense discomfort, I have lost 7lbs in 7 days and while I 'm sure much of this is water weight, none the less, it is not good. I continually try to hydrate but it seems to just cause more pain.
I have been taking this medicine for a week and I am still coughing.  I am finally getting some sleep but is still waking up with coughing fits.  I have not had any side effects but I can 't say this medicine works.
I had mine inserted on Nov 3rd, and here it is December 10th and I am STILL bleeding.  Not enough to warrant a tampon, but enough to be gross, and deter my boyfriend from sex.  When the hell is this bleeding going to end?  At my one month check up appointment my OB GYN said it was normal to bleed for a couple months.  This better stop!After reading some of the shared situations in this post, I am not feeling too confident that it will.
I 've been on this birth control since I was 13 to help my periods now I 'm 21 and I 'm starting to recognize it 's side effects. I 'm 21 with no sex drive at all and painful sex with severe dryness. I will be getting off this birth control very soon and visiting my doctor because it 's affecting my hormones.
Overall, the reason that I am switching from Loestrin24Fe is because my body needs different levels of progestin (lower) and estrogen (higher). This was the first birth control pill that I had ever taken and I had many problems with irregular bleeding (which in turn lead to severe anemia). Other minor side effects were some mood swings the first month, and I did gain weight in my breasts during the 3 months I was on Loestrin. I didn 't have any problems with nausea outside the first week, which maybe could be attributed to other factors. It was also very expensive ($87.00/mo with no insurance). I would recommend this medication for some women, but it may not work for everyone.
Prescribed this medication for 5 days for UTI after Day 2 my symptoms were almost gone. However during the course of treatment, I had terrible flu like symptoms and my heart was really racing and pounding. It was scary. Nevertheless I finished all the antibiotics and after one day without treatment, the UTI symptoms came right back! SMH wow so now I have to call the dr. In the morning. This medication didn 't have work for me for a UTI it only eased the symptoms during treatment.
I took Cipro for a month and felt improvement, but 10 days after completing my script, the symptoms have returned.  I am also on Bactrim and am hopeful to get this resolved.
What I liked best about this medicine was that it made me sleep perfectly.  No trouble falling asleep and no waking up during the night.  I slept a full 8 hours and felt completely refreshed and ready to go when I woke in the morning. Then at a dosage of 80mg, instead of putting me gently to sleep, it gave me waves of paralysis in my whole body and had me hysterically crying for my daddy and hallucinating. I was immediately instructed to stop taking it. I don 't take it for my mood anymore because of that. I just take the smallest dosage to help me sleep.
So I started the patch and was on if for maybe 6/7 months. I stopped taking it about last year, in about March. It 's been over a year and I cannot conceive... Never had a problem having children until I used Ortho Evra.... Worked while I was on it, but I believe it has made me infertile :(
I used the brand name Ortho Evra for years!! Loved it! no problems ever! Now I am forced to use this Xulane patch, and it is just NOT the same. 1. My period starts while Im on the third patch every month. Ortho, it was 5 days exactly after removing. 2. Taking a bath it comes off! Then its not as sticky. Never ever had an ortho patch come off. 3. I have 2 week long periods now. I used to have only 5 day periods. I just don 't like this generic patch whatsoever!!!!
Most of my girl friends love their IUD 's but so far I 'm on the fence. About a six weeks in I started to get really sick. Jaw pain, migraines, vertigo and nausea, cramps, exhaustion, confusion, and unpredictable histamine reactions among other things. I went to 4 different docs including my gyno all of whom said it was unlikely from my IUD and couldn 't find any reason for the illness. I kept getting worse. Finally I asked my gyno about intercranial hypertension caused by my IUD and after researching it she agreed that was a likely culprit. The point is not every bc works for everyone. If it 's not for you don 't let a doc tell you it 's all in your head. Just keep asking questions.
Negatives of this pill:Rapid weight gain (I gained 30 pounds and my diet was the same as it has always been and prior to birth control pills I 've never had problems with weight gain)While I already suffer from anxiety and depression, taking this pill had doubled that. Almost everyday I felt depressed and angry and sad. I 've had so many breakdowns it was tiring. Now that I am off it for a couple of weeks, I feel much more calmness and peace of mind. There 's no doubt that the hormones in this pill had something to do with it. Do not take this back to back (skipping inactive week) when I did this my legs swelled up and hurt, and I couldn 't stand for long periods of time and also had constant spotting and cramps.Always had breast tenderness
When I first started Effexor XR, it seemed to really help for a while.  After a while we had to increase the dosage to its maximum, and had to add the max 80 mg of Prozac to keep me &quot;normal&quot;.  After about a year, I started having real problems with exhaustion and fatigue.  It took a lot of testing and doctors and finally two separate sleep studies to find that my deep sleep had been disrupted significantly -- essentially I was getting NO restorative sleep, even when I slept for 8-12 hours!
Hi guys, I got this implant in Feb 2015, 2 months after my boy was born, and I 'm planning to take it out again ASAP. As soon as I put it in I had a migraine lasted 3 days then it subsided. My joints ache, my energy levels are so low, I can 't concentrate on more than 1 task at a time and no matter how I adjust my diet the weight keeps piling on. I started at 85kg I 'm now 115kg. Oh yes and the mood...I 'm not interested in anything. I feel low all the time. I lost my zest for life. My bf keeps telling me he misses me and I never understood until now. I bite his head off more and more its like when I was pregnant, I couldn 't stand him even tho he 's been an Angel from day 1.
I loved the birth control because I knew it was a stopping  me  getting pregnant. But it most definitely had its bad sides. I had my period for 4 months straight, then when it finally did stop I had my menstrual for 2.5 weeks opposed to my 3 to 4 days prior to getting this. I got it in sept 2014, and gained 30lbs!!!!!!! This thing has to go.
Started taking Belviq on March 26 (going to be 2 weeks on April 9) No weight loss at all or supressed appetite. Cause horrible migraine for 48 hours straight. Besides that does not affect me in any other way.
Took this for leg pain that was from unknown cause, possibly pinched nerve or peripheral neuropathy.  It seemed to help some with pain, maybe 30% reduction at 25mg dose.  But I was sleeping 20 hours a day, real groggy when awake, and having severe stomach pains and constipation.  I stopped after 2 weeks of this.  I thought it was just side effects but my doctor diagnosed it as an allergic reaction.
I have been taking Zetia (10 mg) for about five years.  My copay was about $100 at first but in the past two years the price has risen dramatically, even though I understand it will soon be considered a generic.  My current order bears a copay of $411 for a 90 day supply and the result is that I will simply stop taking it.  (My copay is 50% of the nominal full price of the drug.)  Until I read some of the comments here I was unaware that my excessive sweating might be due to this prescription drug.  We must do something about pharmaceutical companies constantly marking up drug prices just because they can.
Used on and off for about 1.5 months. I stopped once I noticed more frequent, although mild, flushing (which I used to rarely get) after the first month. It seems like a much milder and more effective version of Mirvaso, but going forward I 'll probably save it for special occasions rather than using it semi-regularly.
After my first month on this pill, I have had non stop acne on my chin like I have never had before. Also, I had my period (5 days) and then continued to spot for another 7 days. I don 't weigh myself but it is obvious I 've gained weight as well. Don 't even get me started about my over the top mood swings. I never had these problems when I was on Orthocept. Even though it has been only one month and it may balance out after a few months, I do not think I will wait to find out.
I have hot flashes, stomach issues, pressure in my head/ears when standing, and falling asleep much too easily. 
I had extreme nausea and vomiting within a week of getting my first and ONLY shot of Depo-Provera.
At age 38, I had a Mirena inserted. It was uncomfortable and I had spotting for the next 2 weeks. My doctor informed me of this so the bleeding was expected. I have been having light periods every 2-3 months for 6 days. This month after a year of having the Mirena, I have the never ending period! It 's been 3 1/2 weeks and counting and I 've got the most horrible cramps. They started before my period and I need to take Advil daily to get through the day. I have no idea what is going on after all this time. Is this normal?! My doctor kept telling me I 'd be so happy and satisfied by this and have less bleeding and likely noperiods. I 'm going to see her in a couple weeks but I 'm really starting to wonder if this is the birth control for me.
Seems to work for everyone but me.  Quality of life was seriously affected by the on-going dizziness from this product (20mg). Elevators left me weak-kneed and staggering at work. Daily descending stairs also a vertigo nightmare. Blood pressure can easily go into 214/105s in emergencies, so I would like to find something to reduce those numbers, without the extreme dizziness. I work in a psychiatric setting, so I have to be alert and to move quickly without falling on my face. I didn 't notice any appreciable drop in blood pressure either, with numbers still in the 170s most of the time.
I was on Gildess for about 11/2 years. I was only on it that long because I thought my body would eventually adjust to it. I was wrong. I had my period every two weeks. I can 't take this anymore and therefore I just got the paragard put in two days ago.  I pray this is the birth control that I been looking for. My doctor seemed to think that hormones were not agreeing with my body and since paragard is hormone free I would probably do well with it. I pray he is right.
My 10 yr old daughter had the flu mist for the first time usually she gets the injection,  but her doctor ran out of the injection So I said ok give her the mist. NEVER AGAIN!! We will stick to injections from now on. She got the mist on 10/9/15 &amp; the next day she woke up with pain in her legs and weakness of her body &amp; a  bad cold, sneezing a lot &amp; muccus, but by night she was coughing and stuffy trouble breathing.  The only reason she had no fever was because I immediately gave her motrin 400 that her doctor gave her. I don 't like the mist &amp; that 's the last time she will get the mist.. If you 're here looking for reviews to see if u should get the mist or shot the best advice I can give u is stick to the shot, 
I have severe headaches in the aftermath of stroke. Due to my left side being affected, I cannot sit comfortably. This causes back pain that sometimes brings me to tears. I started with 300mg three times a day. It was just increased to 400mg three times a day. It gives me a lightheaded feeling that makes the pain easier to deal with, but the pain is still there. I also take Tramadol 50mg to supplement. 
Had a continuing cough and had to stop taking.
I was in a clinical study for Xyrem for fibromyalgia.  I hated having to wake up to take the 2nd dose.  Was afraid of being addicted to the medicine.  It did not significantly lessen my pain.  I had suffered from sleeping problems for years and was really afraid that I would have horrific problems sleeping once I stopped the medicine.  But to my surprise it seemed to have forced my body to break the insomnia habit.  I haven 't had sleeping problems in the year since I quit the drug.  Used to wake at 3 am most mornings and not be able to get back to sleep or have trouble getting to sleep.  Now I sleep from 11 to 6 usually - no problem.  So I am grateful for that.
I took Effexor XR for about 13 years.  It worked fine. I just went off it VERY slowly in February so that we could try and get pregnant.  Pregnancy did not happen an panic attacks came back.  I went back on Effexor and it is like a different medicine!  My vision has gotten so bad that I cannot drive.  I am sick all of the time and I have constant diarrhea.  One of my pupils dilated.  I find it strange that the same medicine won 't work for me as before.  I have been on it now for 5 weeks.  
I 've had IBS-D for 25 years.  Was always told there was nothing the medical community could do about it.  So I suffered through it and took lots of immodium.  So when I saw advertisements for Xifaxan I was so hopeful.  Saw a new GI Doc and he immediately told me that this med was the best hope for IBS and that it 's effectiveness was terrific.  So I was so very, very hopeful this would work, and it did,,,,for the 14 days I was on it.  The day after stopping my 14 day regime my extreme bloating was back and within a week my symptons were exactly as before.  Now after 6 weeks my symptoms seem even worse.  Going back to the Doc in 6 weeks.  Will see what else might help.  Good luck to all of you!  It 's a terrible disease to have to deal with!
I had IMPLANON, implanted in August 2009. I had just ended my period and after I got IMPLANON, I didn 't get my period of about ten months, then out of nowhere I got it. For months it was like that. I gained 20 pounds, I changed my eating habits and was even working out with no weight loss..It was really making me depressed..and I was constantly moody and easy irritated.. I was always yelling at my boyfriend for every little thing. So Jan. 2012, I got it taken out, at the moment I am on nothing at all, I 've lost three pounds. I 'm not as moody and my boyfriend and I have been having better times. But birth control works different for everyone, give it a try!
I started phentermine 5 days ago. Today is Monday September 28 2015. I haven 't lost anything.  My weight is exactly the same as when I was weighed in the clinic. I 've seen a ton of people who have lost weight in their first week but I don 't seem to be one of those people. This is a little stressful because I 'm nearly 100 lbs over weight. I 'm not a big eater already so maybe this drug is for people who over eat? I also heard it speeds your metabolism and that too causes you to lose weight.  Maybe it 's still too soon to decide if this pill is work in or not but hopefully it starts to work soon. I also work out daily for an hour. Sometimes more. Ughhhh!
Lexapro really works for the anxiety and as a mood stabilizer although I still have rough times and feel I need something stronger or with less of the sleep disturbances.
I am twenty-two years old and I started taking the pill on the last day of my period (May 12th). I bleed six to nine days later (May 18th - May 21st, can 't remember exactly). I also bleed nine days after that (May 30th), twenty three days after that (June 22nd), and today is twelve days since then (July 4th). Every time it was heavy bleeding and has seemed like a period. There has been severe cramping as usual and I feel awful and it 's worse because it 's happening so much more than before! Each time I have bleed has lasted two to seven days. This pill is frustrating because I cannot tell what is my period and what is the in-between bleeding!! It seems to have worsened my depression, too..
I have been on Taclonex and urea cream for my psoriasis for over a year now. I have also been receiving light therapy and laser light therapy as well, and it has still not cleared up. Just wondering if anyone else out there has experienced the same thing as myself and have they tried anything else. Sick of Psoriasis....
Bad side effects restless leg syndrome, stomach cramps can 't sleep at night
I have taken Cipro before for my urinary tract infection. It worked then but not this time around. I now have hives and am very itchy with headaches.
Didn 't really do much at all for me. I truly WANTED it to work, but it was like taking a placebo.
I was prescribed this for cough. My sister is a respiratory therapist of 25 years. She said it 's really bad to stop the mucus being coughed up and suppressing the mucus to settle into your lungs. She said a lot of people end up getting pneumonia when they take it for long periods of time.
I had the implant put in May of 2015 today is Feb 6,2017 and I had it removed today..... I got it shortly after a miscarriage I was satisfied for the first couple months then I started bleeding constantly for months at a time. It definitely does what it 's suppose to do (keep you from getting pregnant) because you can 't have sex. Lol it just wasn 't for me
I went on this medication and at first was very excited about it. By month 3 I had gained 10lbs and lost my libido. I also fainted once and had to be prescribed a sleeping pill. Needless to say, it is not working for me.
Took 18mg Concerta for 5 days. On day two, I woke up and cleaned and tidied the whole house, my partner thought something was wrong with me! Then the side effects came... Nausea, depression, anxiety. By the time I was coming down at around 3pm I had to stay at home, I was unable to drive my car or even just go out. My doc wanted to try me on 5mg Ritalin 3x a day quick release but I refused. After reading the reviews on here about dexamphetamine I started them this morning. 5mg 3x a day. Hopefully this will be the one for me.
I have struggled with severe constipation (IBS-C) for years.  NOTHING worked... fiber, laxatives, Rex meds. Linzess worked TOO well and painfully. I can 't leave the house after taking this.  I read on one reviewers post to try Nopalina... I thought, why not, I 've tried everything else.  It definitely helped.  I take Nopalina capsules everyday as directed, and drink LOTS of water and sometimes add Miralax to my routine (if needed). Changed my life!!!
I was on Zovia for 3 months, and had side effects from the start. In the first month, I had a weight gain of 8 pounds. It caused a lot of nausea. It made me severely depressed. I 'm switching to Nordette. On the positive side, it did regulate my extremely irregular periods.
This drug did help with hot flash but BEWARE! It 's horrible if you miss a dose or  and when you need to get off  of it.  Brain  'zaps ', dizziness, crying jags, depression, and more can last for months, even when you ween off according to directions.  The withdrawal is horrendous. Please be very thoughtful before you decide to take this drug.
I had my para guard inserted in 2008 in which has been removed in 2013. I have pains during intercourse, cramps, heavier periods. Even today, 2015, I still have pains. I feel like it has ruined my sex life.
I was put on Latuda recently after switching from Zyprexa because Zyprexa made me extremely fatigued. Latuda doesn 't make me as tired except for when I 'm driving, when I feel like I 'm about to fall asleep at the wheel and sometimes do close my eyes. In addition I 'm hungrier than normal and even though I 'm only eating 1,000 calories or less a day and am exercising at least 4 times a week I am not losing weight. I feel like I am suffering pointlessly for this. It hasn 't helped my depression either. I am irritable a lot of the time and am still having mood swings. I think it may be time for me to quit meds for good. They haven 't worked for anyone else in my family so why should they work for me? I need to get off of them.
Really wanted this to work and I stuck it out through the first month. However, this medicine caused my blood pressure to stay elevated. I also experienced worsening anxiety and did not sleep more than one or two hours at the time. By the end of the first month I felt like I was worse off than before as far as anxiety, blood pressure and sleeplessness. That 's just my experience though.
After being diagnosed with PDD/ADHD, it was suggested that my son (then 5) try Intuniv.  Initially, he was extremely lethargic, not being able to get out of bed.  This was only a day or two.  We noticed a difference within days and a completely focused child!  However, after a few weeks he was becoming extremely obsessed with germs constantly washing his hands.  We counted 14 times in a 15 min span!  His poor little hands were raw and chafed a bright red.  It didn 't matter, he kept washing.  Our pediatrician referred us to a psychiatrist (as he had never experienced this side effect) and the psych said that it was due to the PDD.  We took him off.  If it hadn 't been for the side effects, the Intuniv worked quite well.
This medicine gives me highs and lows. Doesn 't work well with anxiety, helped depression but if you are anxious this medicine may not work well for you.
I have been taking this medication for several months @ 150 mgs. It helped a bit. My doctor then increased my dose to 300 mgs. It was probably 10 days at this dosage when I stopped  sleeping, my hands began to shake, overwhelming dizziness and most concerning very low blood pressure.
I 've had it for about 4 months now. I had it put in at my 6 week checkup after having my son. I was losing a lot of weight before I had it. Then my weight loss just stopped. I 've gained so much. My sex life is non existent. I 'm constantly feeling depressed. And I have no period, I prefer to have it.
So I had Nexplanon for a little over a year. At first I really liked it because I loved not having to think about my birth control and I didn 't seem to have any of the negative side effects. However after 6months I noticed a drastic increase in weight gain and crying whenever stressed, which was not an issue before. I waited to see if it would subside but then I started breaking out and I just kept gaining weight even with dietary changes over the last few months. Did not work for me but of course try it out yourself as other people have great results. As for the procedure itself it never hurt, just some soreness for a week or 2 after and you forget its there. Taking it out did not hurt, just the numbness injection.
I have taken this for a little over a year. It worked great in the beginning, but slowly over time it has stopped working, even with an increase in dosage.  I just switched to Lyrica in combination with Celebrex. We 'll see how it works.
I 'm 14 years old and I 've been on it for 4 months and I hate it. I 'm on it for regular periods since my blood flows too quickly and it has done nothing. I 've been on my period for 4 months, light mostly but heavy sometimes. I also went on it for my acne but it did nothing. I gained 4 pounds and now I have stubborn belly fat. I also have huge stretch marks (idk if its related but they showed up when I took it). Also, I have no motivation anymore. Don 't take this please!
Gabapentin reduced the amount and in some areas eliminated my nerve pain. The imbalance, constant stumbling, long lasting stomach upset, the vomiting, the diarrhea seem to outweigh the good  effect on my neuropathy thereby causing a deterioration in the quality of my life.
Had to take this for an infection where my wisdom is coming through. It got rid of the swelling but I couldn 't finish the course. I was throwing up a lot, couldn 't even keep water down. Got terrible diarrhea with it as well and was constantly tired. The stomach ache that kept going from a stabbing to an aching pain and constantly lingered just made me irritable, although irritability is also another symptom. All round terrible to take.
I am now 2 weeks in and this stuff is REALLY unpredictable. I was taking hyzaar before and supplemented with clonidine. The combo works but the clonidine made me exhausted all the time. Without the clonidine my BP was typically around 140/100. Tried verapamil and apparently calcium channel blockers do nothing at all for me. So doctor talked me into edarbychlor trial month. My price for hazaar was $4 for 90 days. Price under my insurance is $214 for same 90 days for Edarbychlor, but doctor assured we could find pharmacy to give discount. Nope. But ignoring the price: Sometimes my BP is 135/95. Sometimes it is 115/75. There is no association with routine or times. Exercise made it plummet to 65/45. So I think discontinue.
Its very good. Your day will be started off on a good track.
Been on Qsymia for 2weeks (trial) and as of right now I am on the 7.5 dosage. It does cut my appetite some but I am having trouble losing weight on it . I have been eating healthy &amp; counting my daily calorie intake. I have also been exercising 6days a week. I have a little headache everyday with constant dry mouth and fatigue . If any one has any tips on how I can lose more weight please comment . Thank you . I will continue to update with my progress .
I am 3 weeks into my second dose of Simponi. Was on Enbrel for 4 1/2 yrs. with good results then it stopped working.  the numerous side effects following my first dose came close to keeping me from trying a second month. this month i have had diarrhea for 3 weeks but that 's an improvement over last month.  joint pain, stiffness are better; but no effect on fatigue so far.  It takes 6-8 weeks to know for sure how it will work.  It is not possible to see results in hours or days. I have decided to try one more month since  my next step is infusion mediciness.
So this was honestly the best medicine I ever went on for my depression, BUT it made me gain 60lbs in a matter of 2 or 3 months. And I have always been small my entire life. Didn 't change any habits either when I was on this. I 've been off this medication for about a year now and haven 't lost a pound of the weight I gained because of it, despite working extremely hard. It really sucks because this medicine made me feel great, until I became really overweight. Now I 'm too self conscious and depressed about myself that I don 't even go in public unless I absolutely have to.
I got a 3 months of a free sample. But, I only used 1 month. The first week was great. Then I started the second week and started spotting. I spotted every day till about the end of the pack. My moods were terrible. By the third week I was arguing with my boyfriend which felt like constantly. He told me it was like I was on my period mood wise that whole month. I 'm not taking it anymore.
I 'm gonna keep it short and sweet; I 've been on about a week, taking it to help with PMS. No initial symptoms other than slight increase in random emotional upheaval.After about 3 days, exhaustion kicked in along with unnecessary bursts of anger, frustration or sadness.4-6 days, mass fatigue, appalling headaches (I promise you, I 'm not exaggerating!) crazy outbreaks of spots, nausea and lightheadedness.I 'm going to stick it through for at least another week and will update. I would obviously prefer to follow through see if it settles down but I have rather a lot to do in the next few months and would rather not be impeded by my hormones.Good luck! It 's worth a try- you can always take it out if it disagrees with you.-Alex Sterling
I began treatment April 27 and am almost done.  If I had known how severe the side effects would be I would have opted for another treatment.  I have had debilitating headaches, nausea, vomiting and extreme fatigue and can 't get my blood pressure under control.  It has been dangerously high.  The doctors prescribe this medication and then are not equipped to help you with the side effects or have not done their homework and so you 're on your own.  Too much to say for this text.  I would not recommend it.
Works for congestion &amp; allergy symptoms but gave me terrible insomnia and jitters. 
This drug is expensive. Patients on Medicare D, can soon find themselves in the donut hole, thus causing added problems for many. (not if money is no object) . There is not enough information out on this drug 's ability to prolong life.Doctor mentions very few side effects. Main ones were, Low BP,  angioedema, high potassium/kidney damage.  I bring up more side effects, he does not agree...yet Drugs.com list side effects that I am having with this med. Back pain/side pain. I have had difficulty walking due to these pains and resort to a walker.   Heart Failure caused by poor stent placement in LAD. )-:  My EF is sliding downwards from 40-45% to recent echo of 30-35%. I thought this med was the answer to HF.  Needing more solid info.
Age 66. I had Stage IIA breast cancer, two tumors in the right breast, hormone receptive. I had a double mastectomy and seven lymph nodes removed (clear, thank God!). I dodged the Chemo bullet, but the side effects from the Anastrazole are terrible. Brain fog, fatigue, weight gain, severe hot flashes and now such joint pain and tendonitis of the hamstring that I walk with a limp. Got a cortisone shot ten days ago. Seemed to help some, but the pain came back with a vengeance after a week. I can hardly drive, which is required for my job (hospice chaplain). I have to work. Oncologist advised today that I go off for a week to see if the leg pain improves.  If it goes away after not taking it for a week, I 'll have difficult decisions to make.
I had the nexplanon in my arm for the whole 3 years. It has been an emotional roller coaster for me. The worst side effects for me were the hormonal changes! I was very mean and bitchy to everyone. People around me definitely noticed the changes. My periods were HEAVY &amp; lasted a full 7 days if not longer. I would have to use tampons &amp; pads together. I would go through a whole box each month. It made me gain weight &amp; no matter how clean I ate or how hard I worked out the weight would not go away. I also suffered from depression &amp; slight acne. Ladies PLEASE pay attention to your bodies when getting this birth control. It has been a rough 3 years but since my removal I have felt so much better!
I started Aviane 2 months ago. My 1st month in my third week, I started cramping. I started spotting the day before my placebo pill, which was followed by extremely agonizing pain in my stomach &amp; pelvic. Nothing helped take the pain away (heating pad, Pamprin, Percocet, peppermint tea, hot bath, stretching, etc.). For 3 days I had spotting, and then it was like the flood gates opened on the 4th day. Every hour I was changing a super tampon &amp; pad because the bleeding was that bad, still with the horrible pain. My period this month is now doing the same thing with the horrible pain. My doctor is switching my pills so hopefully I don 't experience this pain again. Its truly the worst pain I have ever felt in my life!
I had Implanon put in March 2010.  No problems in the beginning; still had my period only lighter, with some spotting.  Now I 've been spotting for the past 3 weeks and all I want to do it eat.  My breasts are tender and swollen.  Sex drive - not there.  I 'm really considering having the Implanon removed and just rely on condoms.  Unfortunately I can 't take the pill because it has estrogen and I 've had a history of a blood clots after a knee surgery.
I took Myrbetriq for 4 months for treatment of severe overactive bladder.  It helped me only slightly and the side effects for me would have caused me to stop taking it even if it had been 100% helpful.  It immediately spiked my blood pressure to an average of 180/110 and my blood pressure returned to normal as soon as I stopped taking it.  It also caused me bladder pain which I can best describe as feeling like my bladder was filled with shards of broken glass whenever my bladder got full.  I also had difficulty emptying my bladder.  I wanted this to work but unfortunately it did not for me.
Superprep  actually cleaned my system out really well. But it 's the worst tasting, I almost threw it up several times while drinking it. I had to keep a glass of water and drink it in between. I tried to chug it so it would be faster but that just made the gagging worse. I personally would never use this product again.
I am a 50 year old hispanic male. I have had a constant headache for a week. My Blood pressure was 150/112 so I prescribed Bystolic. I 'm anxious to feel better. We will see.
I was prescribed Testim once in error and now again for a second time. The first time it had moderate effect on my t levels; unfortunately my prescription plan considers 2 tubes /day adequate. In addition, it is very difficult to apply, and difficult to bear on your skin. Goes on sticky and stays sticky; your clothes will stick to your body. The metal tubes make it difficult if not impossible to apply all of the gel. Worse, it is difficult to remove even the next day in the shower. I actually had to use dishwashing liquid.
Every person 's experience may be different. I took Paxil for 14 years. SIGNIFICANT weight gain (over 100 pounds, before I realized it was the medication). In some people it suppresses the brain 's ability to tell when one is full, so one feels hungry all the time. Left me void of emotions of any kind, more like just feeling completely numb. Weaning myself off of Paxil was very difficult - flu-like symptoms, clouded thinking, blurred vision, among other things. It was the first antidepressant that I had ever taken, so I didn 't know that I wasn 't supposed to feel numb. I 'm sure it 's a wonderful medicine for some people but it didn 't work well for me.
Worked well a few times but I developed a quick tolerance to it plus it caused my sinuses to swell which made it difficult to breathe through my nose.
I 've been on this for a week and it 's caused me to be more moody and nauseous pretty bad the first few days. On the 3 day it subsided momentarily then came back on the 4th day. It 's pretty much off and on, not unbearable but makes me have less of an appetite. Get dull cramps daily and was worried about it until I read these other posts. My breasts are also sore and sex drive has decreased a little.  Also been tired before it even hits 9p.m. Makes my work day longer. 
I had skyla placed Dec of 2014. The placement wasn 't too painful but the cramping afterward was pretty rough. I had spotting on and off for 2 months which is normal. Then the bleeding stopped all together and I had no period or anything. However, One morning I experienced severe lower abdominal pain and went to the ER. Turns out I had two cyst, and one had burst (never had a history of cysts before the IUD) and also had an ectopic (or tubal) pregnancy. I had to have the IUD removed immediately and ended up having laparoscopic surgery. Needless to say, getting Skyla was definitely not the right choice for me...
My wife has been on Apri for about 3 years now and right away I noticed something was wrong. After much talking I think I finally have talked her in to trying something else. Her mood swings are unpredictable and unexpected we have been married for 4 years and it has been really trying on me and us. I really hope she is back to herself soon.
I have suffered from diagnosed depression and anxiety for years. The last 6 months I have insomnia that keeps me awake all night. I have tried many meds with limited success I have now been put on1/2 tab (7.5mg) for one week and then I am to go to the full 15mgs for one week and see my doctor. Aftermy first 6 days I sleep all night and all day. I am retired, I do not like the all day dizziness and sleepy feeling. I am on other meds too and suffer from chronic vertigo  related problems from a TBI (traumatic brain injury) I don 't like  being too sleepyduring day time tho I will try the 2 week formula. thecomments from others have been very helpful,TY.
I took Pristiq for six days due to OCD/anxiety. While I think that this drug did help with my symptoms it made by blood pressure go through the roof. My blood pressure has always been normal (no higher than 120/80). I think that this is a side effect that needs to be mentioned more frequently. The side effects are too much! (I also had sweating, and problems sleeping even when I took it at night).
fibromyalgia for 16 yrs, also have ostelarthritis.  so much pain, I was given 5 norco , 4 soma daily. worked for pain, but wore off at night. would wake in severe pain and mild withdrawals, norco only lasts 4-6 hours. Was given butrans 10 mgs, upped to 15mgs in 1-2 months.  Woke up with no pain, at first!!  was allowed 3 norco, 3 soma for breakthrough. patches wore off often on day 5-6. after 18 mo. wake in pain again. breakthrough meds not sufficient. Have gained 30 lbs, I sweat until my clothes are drenched with slightest exertion. I wake 2-3 times nightly, I am exhausted all day. Sleep for 2-3 hours after kids go to school. side effects seem to have become more of a problem, and pain relief has lessened. hard to keep patches on.
Improved Benign Prostate Hyperplasia but not dramatically. Side effect no semen when ejaculating.
DONT GO ON THIS PILL. I had horrible side effects the first month of this pill to the point that i literally thought I was loosing my mind. You will also gain weight using this.
Gave me headaches. Didn 't fix the A-fib but I 'm going in for cardioversion (2nd time) and had the cardioablation so mine apparently is persistent . I like Bystolic better , no side effects. I got the generic since it was covered
Tried for 3 months because all other types of pills were causing me ovulation cyst problems. Jolvette made me gain weight bloat break out on my face feel depressed have low libido and very swollen soar breasts. This pill is not worth the issues. I 'm stopping immediately. I have never gain weight on a pill like this. I work out and am pretty fit. Hopefully I can loose it.
Severe back and joint pain which started all of a sudden without explanation.
I had the Implanon in for all three years (5/2009-3/3012). It was pretty terrible though. My hair fell out, I developed asthma and chronic bronchitis, and I had terrible cramps and bleeding twice a month. My doctors initially thought I had developed lupus (I didn 't, I 've been tested every six months for the last three years). I went from running 5 miles/day to not being able to hold a conversation without needing an inhaler. The removal was also awful. I never got pregnant though.
It was good for the itching but the discoloration wasn 't helped much at all
Even though this pill worked as intended to prevent pregnancy, I wouldn 't recommend it based on the side effects I experienced. I had been on Sprintec for about a year (which I love) when there was a mix-up at the drug store and I got this instead. I decided to stick with it for three months to see if the symptoms cleared and they did not. My period lasted longer than usual, and I experienced crippling pain during it. I started to break out in acne on my face and body, and I was having a difficult time controlling my emotions and I became upset all the time. Do yourselves a favor and just use Sprintec!!
Took it for about two months (skipping doses on weekends and some weekdays due to extreme side effects), started having extreme difficulty breathing, anxiety attacks from not being able to breathe with such a tight chest. Also it made me ridiculously irritable, and mean all the time but I did lose 15 lbs on it. Most of the time I felt like I was literally going insane. Not sure it was worth it though.
After taking Celexa, which worked like a wonder drug for about 8 years.  I was put on Cymbalta.  On it, I talked non-stop, was extremely sarcastic and was not able to sleep.Enter Pristiq.  Folks, I am NOT HAPPY with this medicine.  Has anyone had the up and down ride I am experiencing.  One day I can take on the world, and sleep very well.  Within 1 or 2 following days, I can 't do a THING.  Energy is gone. WOW, I do wish I could find one that helped liked Celexa helped me for years.
Blurred vision while driving 70, Nightmares, terrible balance, falling in the shower (took 30-min to get back up) my 4 &amp; 6 year kids had to &quot;rescue&quot; me and turn off the water, Restless legs keeping me awake until all hours of the morning. 1 eye has twitched for 3 days now. Just to name a few of the side effects. This medicine needs to be an absolute last resort with doctors warning patients about all of these awful side effects prior to prescribing. I am a former licensed practical nurse, and this is unacceptable as far as side effects go.
I was very happy with Belsomra till one night when both my legs went into unbearable spasms, my feet twisting inward. There was no other culprit for that strange and painful behavior, so I stopped taking it.
I was prescribed Simvastatin for high LDL cholesterol.  After taking it as prescribed for several months,  my cholesterol levels did reduce to healthy levels.  I continued the treatment,  until I realized that nothing I was eating tasted right.  I consulted my Pharmacist because I take other medications,  and he said it was the statin that had this side-effect.  I stopped taking it immediately,  and my taste has returned to normal,  and my cholesterol is elevated again.  I will be trying other methods to increase HDL and reduce LDL.  After much research, it is clear that statins are dangerous.
I 've been on this birth control for a month and needless to say it 's been a nightmare. I had clear skin before starting, and for this entire month I 've had cystic pimples all along my jaw line and neck, and pimples around my mouth and chin. My boobs swelled A LOT and they always hurt, my mood swings are horrendous and to top it off, I bled for 2-1/2 weeks straight. Sorry but I don 't have the patience to wait 3 months or longer for that kind of stuff to level out. I 'll be discontinuing.
I tried this for several months and loved everything about it except the migraine headaches that I would experience about 2-3 times a month and nothing would help them go away. So not sure if it 's the fillers that bothered me but I am contacting my doctor to get something different. I didn 't gain weight, I didn 't have mood swings and everything was fine except the headaches.
I used regular microgestin 1/20 and it was fine,  then for some reason a new doctor gave me the microgestin fe 1/20 (iron pills the last week). I got terrible cystic acne and now have scars from it. I realized it the 3rd month and stopped taking the pills the last week. My acne has started to improve.
Was having some trouble with the pill i was on for a year and switched to the shot.  The first three months were great! No weight gain/acne and I felt great. After about two and a half months, I began to start bleeding and having severe cramps, so much so I could not stand up straight. At the height of my cramps, I discovered my body had shed my entire uterine lining at one time and it was the most frightening and gross thing I had seen. After the three months had finished, I had my period for seven weeks and am finally back on my regular schedule! Never again will I use this shot!
I was on 10mg of Lisinopril for about a year and a half. Three months ago, one of my docs noticed that my kidney were not filtering well. A look at a year of blood work showed a gradual decline in function. I was sent to a nephrologist, who looked very thoroughly at my meds and history. He told me it was probably the lisinipril. Tapering off of the med has caused almost constant premature atrial contractions, which are not life threatening, but sent me to the ER in day 10. Ten days off and my kidneys were already functioning better. It 's really strange that this happened, given Lisinopril 's use in kidney patients. I 'm just glad that the problem was caught in time. Keep an eye on your creatinine and eGFR.
I have been on Rytary for 10 months. At first it worked well: 2 pills (23.75mg,95mg) 3 times a day with one at bedtime. Since the 6th month I have had INCREASING DYSKINESIA and muscle cramps. In November they were unstoppable and I had to go to the hospital for a relaxant IV. (The ER did not know what the heck to do). I was screaming with pain. I am trying different doses and times but I believe the delivery is defective and uneven. I have no control over the delivery. I do not think my PD disease could have progressed tha t fast in 4 months. I was &quot;stable&quot; and in control on Sinemet. :1/2 S. 25/100 every two hours for a total of 450 to 500 mg a day. I was sleeping well. Now I am bent over, in PAIN, never know how I will be.
Worked great with sleep but the awful taste in my mouth never went away!
I decided to take this pill because the last birth control I was on made me bleed 7 days a week every week so i switched to this one and let me tell you one of the worst experiences I 've encountered!! As soon as i took my pill the next morning i was throwing up everything that i had ate... The next day i took the pill i was fine all day until morning comes around and AGAIN more throw up... I could handle throwing up but this would hurt my stomach so bad to the point where i was crying... Anyways i have an apt with my doctor this July 8th and I 'm switching to something else i know this isn 't going to happen to everyone but just in case you were wondering
I have been on Victoza for many months now, I reached the highest dose, tried that for a few weeks and developed severe Gastroenteritis, abdominal pain, flatulence and severe belching so had to go on the lowest dose again.Now I have been taking 1.2 for two weeks and the symptoms have started again, last eve, night and today have been miserable and painful.I am ready to stop taking Victoza completely, the discomfort is just not worth it for some weight loss and a bit better blood sugar control. I will just have to have an increase in the amount of Lantus and Novalog that I have been taking.Discouraged with this med.
I started on Aviane when I was 15. It 's got the job done with making sure I don 't get pregnant. But all other aspects of it are completely horrible. It makes me way more irritable, I gained 30 pounds( and I 'm a healthy person, I always watch what I eat  and I exercise ), my acne is worse, I 'm moody, emotional, and more sad. It literally makes me crazy. I 'm a totally different person on it. I am now 24 and I am stopping it this month. I would never go on it again. But now I am at a loss of what to do because I don 't want to get pregnant. I 'm thinking of getting the nonhormonal copper IUD but I 'm not sure. Any advice would be welcome to. But do not take this drug.
I 've had vertigo for years.  I take meclizine but have had vertigo since this morning and the meclizine is not working.  I am only taking 12.5 mg.  I used to take 25 but couldn 't stay awake so my doctor cut the dosage down to half.  Miserable.  Can 't lay down so have to sit up in living chair tonight.
Have had Ulcerative Colitis for 4 years.  3 years ago started Remicade at 5ml per Kilo, with only mild help. Only other choice was surgery. Switched Doctor who immediately doubled dose to 10ml (which I think is the normal dose) so I probably was under-medicated for 2 years. However higher dose has not helped much more.  Have had almost no side effects. One allergic reaction early on to the infusion.  Only minor problem is the skin on my hands and arms seems very thin and very easily bleeds from the slightest scratch.  So for me it has not worked as hoped. 
Had my derma check up for my moderate acne on cheek and chin and she prescribed me this (Adapalene) Differin Gel 0.3. For the first week I saw a little improvement on my cheek as the tiny pimples somehow disappear. By the way I have some cystic acne on cheek and chin. For the following weeks   as I saw the improvement, suddenly came the breakouts on my 4th month. Hoping this is the breakout I 've read before the clearing process of the medication. Is anybody here that had the same situation before?
The person from the company Nov nordisk supplied me the damaged pen and when ever I asked them to look into it to get me a replacement they don 't respond 
The first 4 months was putting on weight and mood swings which I did not enjoy. I love not having to use a condom but the implant has loads of side effects and the most annoying one is all along on a period. I think that 's the reason you don 't get pregnant with the implant.
I have been on this pill for about 2 1/2 months and compared to my previous prescription (which I had no period, just spotting at the end of the month) this is horrible. The only time i don 't bleed is during the first week of pills. Then it 's light bleeding the second week and gets heavier with each week 's pill. I can see how it 's good for birth control. Who 's going to have sex when they 're bleeding all the time?
I started latuda 11 months ago (20mg, then 40, now 60), and I think all it does is trigger hypomanic episodes with dose increases and when those end I end up feeling more depressed than ever. The depressive episodes on latuda have been some of my worst in over three years, and the hypomanic episodes seem to last longer than usual. I also get ridiculously restless, having trouble falling asleep, but then having trouble waking up (I sleep through alarms for over an hour). I thought I found the drug for me, but I 'll be seeing my psychiatrist soon to switch. At least it worked well for awhile?
I have just started the meds. I was on prednisone I had gotten really sick so my doc gave me this med I started at 25 mg for 7 days then moved up to 50 then 75 now I 'm at 100 mg then I stop at 200 mg but 100 mg 2x a day but it seems the 50 mg was helping me instead of the 100 mg that is weird could anybody relate?
I been in the pill for almost a week now . My face got very clear but my lips have always been dry and I have a black dot on my bottom lip that came after I took theses pills .
I 've been prescribed this birth control since my 6 week checkup February 14th but I didn 't start taking pills until March 12th After sexual intercourse, but I wasn 't taking them everyday like I should. My period still came on a couple days early and was regular but I have cramps even after my period. A couple of days ago April 8th I started taking the pills everyday and the cramping are starting to decrease but I have headaches and My stomach bubbled up like I had diarrhea &amp; I felt nauseous at one point .
I like this inhaler except for the ridiculous dose counter.It 's only worth a 4 rating for that.Who in the world thought this counter would be better?
Made it up to the 4 a day dose. Unfortunately, NO reduced cravings yet and still very hungry. No pick up in my motivation to diet or exercise either. Hopeful but beginning to think it 's not going to work for me. Others report immediate weight loss. Not here!!! Also, feeling a little more anxious and agitated at this dose. :/ The odd thing is, is that it has helped tremendously with my chronic back pain. I would stay on it just for that reason. Had significantly lowered my pain level.
I got sick the day after Christmas. Thought i was just having nausea, but it progressed to a very painful tummy and back so I went to the er with my husband a few days later. I had a kidney infection, so they put me on the generic for bactrim for 10 days. I felt no different till a few days in, and that 's when I got some relief but also side effects such as persistant and constant nausea, and headaches. Wasn 't too bad. Then I felt excited on my last day because I truly felt better (minus stomach cramps that I didn 't think were serious at the time). But then less than 24 hours later I started feeling bad again with my back and tummy, so we went to the ER and they put me on the generic for macrobid. This is day one of that. We 'll see how it g
Was on strong antibiotic, purchased this because it was on sale. First mistake. Applied it at 10pm...second mistake. Went to sleep after a bit and was awakened by intense burning and swelling at 2 am. Thought something was terribly wrong. &quot;Too hot, hot damn, call the police and the fireman&quot;. Read these reviews, calmed down. Took zyrtec, about hour and half later the burning is abating some.I may live but will never use this product again.
I started this medication a few months ago and mentally, this pill is perfect for me! I&rsquo;m not moody, no depressive episodes, no anxiety, nothing. Physically, it&rsquo;s awful for me. I&rsquo;ve gained 10lbs in a couple of months, I&rsquo;m insanely bloated, I always have pressure in my lower abdomen and my my hair is thinning out like crazy! My hair comes out with ease in the shower; more than usual.
I got nexplanon about 3 months ago. My doctor had so much hope in it. I 've always had irregular periods and that 's why she thought it would work so well. When I got it implanted I was on my period, then it stopped for about a week or so. The next week I 'm spotting and before you know it I 'm bleeding, spotting, bleeding, spotting. I haven 't had a day go by where I 'm not using tampons or pads. I did notice major hair loss and I 've gained 7 lbs already. I also got a concussion a month ago and I think the nexplanon has made some of the symptoms much worse such as headaches, sleep, mood, and energy level. I 've been trying to wait it out, but I 'm going to call my doctor soon.
It 's too effective I can 't stop going. I took one dose 25 min later the gurgle then OMG.  It 's been 4 hrs now I 've slowed down. I 'm afraid to eat or drink anything. I just wanted a normal bm. I guess it was to much to hope for.
This birth control made me depressed. It worked to prevent pregnancy, but the side effects were not tolerable. The worst was that I didn 't realize it was the birth control and was so confused why I was so unhappy and dull. Once I stopped taking it my mood improved. Birth control reacts differently in each person 's body, but if you are prone to mood problems I would proceed with caution.
The worst birth control method I have ever used for my body personally. It did its job, but I experienced some of the worst symptoms. No weight gain but, I did bleed in some capacity for the entire 11 months I had it. No breaks. I also experienced foul odor coming from from my vagina. I shower daily and have never had any problems with abnormal odors. It really negatively affected my ability to be confident having sex. The final straw was the extreme mood swings I had. When I went to the doctor to get it out I found out that nexplanon is not recommended for girls over a certain BMI. I am 5 '5 and 178 pounds and I was too heavy for it. My doctor did not make me aware of that, if I knew I would 've never wasted my time.
I 've been on Alesse for about 3 months and my acne is terrible and I feel depressed often. I 've had no spotting and very light periods though.
On average one out of every pen will not inject into my body. They only give you one extra needle and I am constantly using it with the first injection, which leaves me with no extra needles for the other three weeks.  I have gone three weeks without being able to administer the medicine because the plunger will not work. Either the needles get clogged or the plunger does not work. I am very frustrated on this medicine.
I immediately noticed my anxiety went down but I had to stop taking the medication because I would sleep up to 16 hours a day, which was not practical as a law student. I also experienced severe nausea and headaches. I felt extremely frustrated that I was prescribed this medication by my doctor.
I was on 75mg of Endep &amp; noticed 2 extreme side effects which lead to me having to stop taking the medication.The first was rapid &amp; excessive weight gain; I gained 6 kgs (13 pounds) within 8 weeks (at 160cm, this is quite a bit of weight). I had no change in my diet, my exercise stayed the same, so the Endep was the only thing that could have caused the weight gain.The second was extreme Night Terrors. These occurred every night &amp; were extremely frightening for myself &amp; family, as I would wake up screaming &amp; kicking every night. This occurred almost immediately after starting the Endep.Since stopping the Endep 2 weeks ago, the Night Terrors have ceased completely, &amp; I have lost 1kg with no change in diet.
I suffer from mdd, anxiety and PTSD. I added rexulti to my lamictal 100mg.  I started at .5mg and progressed to 2mg.  I had tried 15 different medications in the previous year all with no effect or i had adverse reactions. I noticed an immediate difference in my mood on rexulti. It helped me go from completely non functional to the ability to get out of bed, shower, do laundry etc. Now the bad news. I was extremely restless and had trouble sitting still, I had vivid dreams and nightmares, I gained 15 lbs in two months and the worst part is it gave me high blood sugar. I was not willing to add diabetes to my list of diagnoses so I immediately discontinued this medication. I was disappointed this was the first medication that seemed to help
Side effects I 've had in exact order:-Dairy allergy (not sure if it 's from the pill, occured a few months after taking.) -Constant right lower abdominal pain, with  trapped gas pains, &amp; bubbling after eating anything. -Extreme bloating after meals.Random changes:-Period was normal up until the past few months of being on it. (Been on it for over 3 years.) Super light &amp; barely get a period. Also made me skip a month.-Cramps became more excruciating. (A week before &amp; then during my period.) (Wasn 't always like this.)After almost 4 years I dealt with all of the other side effects until I had-CHEST TIGHTNESS &amp; HEART PALPITATIONS. Beware of your body and your symptoms. Always go with your gut. Every birth control has symptoms..
I started aubra back in July so I would be less anxious about pregnancy.The first month or two I was on it, I had headaches and nausea, as well as random bleeding. As soon as that ceased, I immediately began packing on pounds, and became very depressed and had no desire for intimacy with my boyfriend. This all has negatively affected my relationship. Its so bad that my boyfriend offered to go back to condoms which neither of us love. Unfortunately, aubra is not good for my body and mental health, for some people it is likely great, but not for me. Only good parts were zero cramps, lighter periods and zero acne, and no babies.
I have been on 20 mg of Abilify now for about 10 years. When I first began taking it I gained over 100 pounds in 6 months. I finally stopped gaining at 250. I have tried everything to take the weight off. Nothing. My doctor added 20 mg of Lexapro. I gained 30 more pounds. I am going to stop taking the Abilify as the weight gain is causing health issues. I just hope the weight will come off.
The side effects were definitely not worth it. Weigh gain, spotting for 2 months, cystic acne, depression, daily headaches, always feeling tired. I 'm having it taken out tomorrow. Thank goodness because I couldn 't take it anymore! Opting for tubal ligation since I don 't want kids anyways.
When I read these reviews, I was really nervous about starting this. I didn 't experience any extreme emotional problems. At first everything was fine. I had irregular periods (happening when on the active pills, sometimes 2 weeks apart), but that 's expected in the early months. But after a few months, I noticed that I was getting itchy hives on my face. Didn 't associate it with this medicine until I noticed it was only happening when I had my period. Within a few hours after taking it, I 'd get hives on my face and they 'd stay all day but flare up even more the next day after taking the pill again. Horribly embarrassing. I had such clear skin and having red itchy bumps was just so upsetting. My dr took me off of it.
My doctor took me off Trazodone due to sexual problems. I started taking Ambien about 2 days ago. The first day, I was a zombie and had major amnesia problems. My son videotaped how crazy I was acting. I didn 't know you had to lie down and take it. I took it the next night while in bed and was wired. Only got 30 minutes of sleep before work. I am ADHD, so that may have had something to do with it. I will give it a couple more nights before I give up on it.
I used Louis Widmer up until now: no irritation at all and works perfectly. This Drysol product stings, and doesn 't work nearly as good.
Coming back with a second review. I stopped tamiflu prematurely after my flu symptoms were all gone however now the tamiflu side effects still lingers after 3 days! I am having severe diarrhea at least 6x a day!! I be going to the bathroom for hours like 6 hours later still on the toilet!!! And I took only 3 days worth.. I 'm scared to go to work like this... Better just deal with the flu than take these pills again
I gave this pill 4 months and my face has been progressively getting worse with each pack. I 'm also on 75mg of Spironolactone and I feel like that helps some, but not enough. I went on this to help with my chronic headaches and menstrual migraines, but it didn 't help either. In fact, my cramps and migraines were horrible. I felt so sick every time I would bleed. I 'm getting headaches every day still and I break out constantly. I 'm also super depressed and feel down all the time. That just started with the 4th pack. The pros are I didn 't gain any weight. My breasts grew a cup size and I didn 't get pregnant.
Not a good experience with this medication. I had constant lightheadedness upon standing and almost fainted once or twice. It also caused muscle cramping in my back.
The first week on the pill was terrible. I had bad headaches and general sick to the stomach feeling, then it subsided. I was never hungry the whole time but so tired. This pill made me feel drained sun up to sun down. I couldn 't bring myself to exercise the way I wanted because of the fatigue. I didn 't continue Belviq after the first month due to the tired feeling. I 'm sure I could have lost much more weight if not for the fatigue.
I have been on Lyrica almost 2 1/2 years. When I first started it I was really skinny so weight gain didn 't bother me but now I have gained over 25 lbs which is not good at all. I am going to go  back to Gabapentin which helped me get off morphine. My eyes are dry and blurry. I fart all the time and I am fat! I was off of it the beginning of the year and I was hurting but side affects are too much.
I recently began taking Zanaflex and it has helped with my lower back spasms, somewhat, but I can only take it at night.  It makes me drowsy and I had to stop taking it during the day.
I got the depo shot in the later part of September, October I didn 't have a period. Comes November the 4th I had a brown discharge the second week it was my period and now I am still spotting (19 days later). I see why you have a &quot;decreased sex drive&quot; you can 't have sex. I 'm definitely not getting my second shot. Would I recommend this to anyone? Ummmm NO!
Was given 5mg to take up to 3 times per day for anxiety. Didn&rsquo;t use it each day, only when really necessary. Initially worked well, but extreme fatigue was a problem. Within a few weeks I was only taking it on 2 or 3 days per week, up to 2 doses. Sometimes I would half the tablets. By that time it was only helping for an hour or two so I stopped taking it. The withdrawal anxiety has been horrendous. My GP didn&rsquo;t even talk about withdrawal to me. I won&rsquo;t be recommending this to anyone apart from for emergency use. I am angry that I was prescribed this so easily with no advice given.
So I started the shot on July 20, 2017 and the day after I had my period which I thought was normal because my period is usually around that time. But then it didn 't go away! At first it started off normally then after 4 days it started to get lighter and I thought it was just about to go away, NOPE!! I was spotting for about 2 weeks. I finally went away for about a week and there it was again. Its September 13 and I 'm still spotting. I 've been bleeding nonstop for so long and is so annoying, I 've done research and talked to other girls and heard what they had to say about when they got there first shot and they said they bled too 3,4 or 6mo! going to get my next shot which will be next month but if the bleeding is continuously then I quit!
Been taking 5mg a day for 2 months in addition to Celexa for MDD. Don 't feel much benefit,-- maybe a slightly more stable mood , but my blood pressure has dropped too much. I 'm now starting a  taper to see if it helps any better at 2.5 mg.
Been on finesteride, and alfuzosin for 2 months, not impressed yet. Still up at night about three times, sex drive very low, seen Doc about severe pain in one Testicle but that has settled down, but still very bad shoulder pain, also tired, so will try for a little while longer then back to GP. See what other options I got.
I have been on Celexa for 2 years now.  It worked great for the first year or so until I realized that I started not being able to remember anything.  I am in college and I have also started having a hard time concentrating.
I have been on brintellix for three weeks. I have not felt any effects what so ever. It only serves to make me vomit nearly every morning. Libido is zero. This only adds to my anxiety and depression. It is also very expensive costing me nearly $450 a month. If I felt just a little better I would not mind spending the money. Drug companies just suck!  For the money this med is just not worth it and I will request another anti depressant from my MD at my next visit
Be careful if you have IBS-C as this can make it worse, particularly at high doses, try and take it at a low dose if you do for anxiety which is good for numbing in IBS in general. However seeing as IBS-C is basically an issue with bowels not moving fast enough you can imagine how adding a sedative essentially isn 't really the best thing to add lol made mine so much worse after a year, anyways what works for some doesn 't always work for others, good luck whatever you do :-)
I did not like Generess.  It made my periods very regular (but heavy) and did prevent pregnancy well, but it made me breakout like crazy and gain weight.  I 've never had a real acne problem until I got on this pill at 20.  I 've been on it for 4 months and have has non-stop cystic acne.  This acne has been not only on my face, but also on my neck, chest, back, and butt.  This pill also made me gain 8 lbs, and I have not changed eating habits at all.  This pill has also caused me to have ridiculous mood swings and be a cranky, moody, slightly bitchy person.  Would not recommend
I got the generic 3 day pack with external cream (can 't afford the doc). I came looking to find out how long it has to be in bc I was only going to get 4 or 5 hrs sleep, but never found an answer. I saw these reviews, but again, no choice. At 1st it wasn 't bad, but after 6 mins, it was severe itching &amp; I wondered if I could safely scratch inside with the applicator. I didn 't do it, but i was SORELY TEMPTED.  There wasn 't too much pain, but maybe it 's bc I caught mine early. The only reason I fell asleep is bc I 'd been awake for so long. Otherwise, there is NO WAY I could have. I 'm hoping tomorrow is better. I will try to come back and post again since I have no real choice about taking it.
Most of my girl friends love their IUD 's but so far I 'm on the fence. About a six weeks in I started to get really sick. Jaw pain, migraines, vertigo and nausea, cramps, exhaustion, confusion, and unpredictable histamine reactions among other things. I went to 4 different docs including my gyno all of whom said it was unlikely from my IUD and couldn 't find any reason for the illness. I kept getting worse. Finally I asked my gyno about intercranial hypertension caused by my IUD and after researching it she agreed that was a likely culprit. The point is not every bc works for everyone. If it 's not for you don 't let a doc tell you it 's all in your head. Just keep asking questions.
My experience with the drug is somewhat unclear to me. I was diagnosed with ADHD when I was 23, I 'm 24 now. In that time I have trialled a series of drugs. Atomoxetine, Methylphenidate and now Vyvanse. Out of the lot, I would say this one has probably been the best. However, as time progressed I felt the effects of the medication deteriorate which is sad and frustrating. It almost feels like it only ups my mood (not tackle symptoms). However, the first time I took it was amazing. My ability to concentrate was unbelieveable! I felt a strong sense of motivation/confidence in what I had produced. Sadly this was limited and the positive effects began to deteriorate as time progressed. I will never forget the first period though, it was liberating
Day 5. Still coughing up gunk. Wheezing some. No voice. Not really feeling any relief. Have to call my Dr again in the morning.
Was taking 2x for 3 days, it cleared up the smell but still in major discomfort and pain when peeing, clearly didn 't work for me. I had a headache on the 2nd day and kept falling asleep due to drowsiness. Third day nothing has really improved with my UTI and I still feel psychically weak.
I have been taking Seroquel for two nights now, 50mg. It makes me extremely drowsy, right now I feel very out of it. But for the first time I 'm socializing. I 'm calm and have had less psychosis. Have hallucinated today but it hasn 't been frightening. I 'm just happy I 'm socializing again! Just the drowsiness can be a bit of an issue. I 've also felt sick on them but it 's only been two days.
I have been taking prozac for the past 7 weeks. I have always been a worrier but it got a lot worse during 2nd semester of my first year in medical school. Despite my anxiety and depression I was always a straight A student. I had great study skills and I had great concentration. But I started fearing studying and going to classes because it usually triggers my anxiety. So I just stopped doing school work and I just slept. My parents stated getting worried and they took me to see a psychiatrist. He put me on prozac (20mg). Prozac really helped me at first. I watched movies and spent a lot of time with my siblings but my academic performance  was bad. Since then it has gotten worse. Should I just withdraw? Should I give up my dream?
My doctor switched me to this, I was on Ocella before this. So far, I 've been on this stuff for just about a month. No acne or weight gain. However, I have been having the WORST mood swings I have ever had in my life. I feel like a crazy person. I am definitely calling my doctor after Christmas to switch back to Ocella. 
After having six UTIs in about 5 months, my urogyn put me on 100 mg. of Macrobid (one every night).  After ten solid months of it, I spent 2-1/2 days in the hospital:  thought I was having a heart attack!  Turned out it was a pulmonary problem.  Heavy pressure in the chest, shortness of breath and tingling around the lips.  Going back and researching Macrobid, I found out that indeed, long term usage can cause pulmonary problems.  I do think if works for short term usage.
Unlike any other anti-depressant I have tried, if I missed a single dose withdrawal symptoms would immediately begin.  Scary dreams accompanied by brain zaps are just a few that need to be shared!! They seemed so real!! It was a side-effect that I could not handle and everyone should be warned about the night terrors before starting this medication.  I can only imagine the horror of missing two doses. That alone was enough for me to switch back to Celexa. It did help with my mood but this medicine seemed too potent or too dangerous for some reason. The &quot;what ifs&quot; where always in the back of my mind.
I first started with a low hormone pill called Azurette. I was having heavy periods that lasted for a week and terrible acne, so I decided to try Yaz and my doctor prescribed me Gianvi, first month my face was completely clear and my period used to last 3 days max but my anxiety and mood changes got worse and my sex drive went from 10 to zero because I was very dry, also noticed my skin got really dry too and I looked like a 60 year old lady!
Another drug that does nothing for me at all. *sigh* I have fibromylgia and chronic back pain so I need a drug with some kick to it...this one does NOT.
My doctor prescribed Hydroxyzine for my anxiety. I was taking it along with my antidepressant. WOW. This medicine turned me into a zombie. If I wasn 't asleep, I was completely lethargic. After I stopped taking my antidepressant, I decided to take a Hydroxyzine to see if it would still make me super tired. YEP. It also made me extremely grumpy and impatient.
Please read leaflet before taking.... So I took the emergency contraceptive probably a day after my husband and I had unprotected sex and there was no signs at first then I got really bloated and had slight cramping so I 'm thinking my period is around the corner so it worked... At first I thought it didn 't because my period came late but when at  when it did come I wish I was pregnant .The worse period cramps at night and vomiting and this never happened to me, I was on the toilet for hours. I personally say please use a condom or so type of birth control because it  screwed me up
I 've been on this birth control for almost 3 months now. My face is now starting to get acne and I have NEVER in my life had acne. I 've gained 15 pounds in about 3 months and I feel disgusting. Some days, I feel good, other days people don 't want to be around me. Everyone 's body is different, but I 'm going off of it.
I have been taking 25 mg of Jardiance each day for 4 months. I pee constantly, have to get up through the night to pee.  I am always thirsty and I drink a lot.  I too have noticed an increase in sugar cravings.  Eye doc found a hole in my retina last week and I had laser surgery to repair it.  I also have a constant yeast infection which is very uncomfortable.  I do not want to take this drug anymore but my pancreas does not work correctly since I had a tumour 25 years ago.  I am going to try to eliminate all sugar from my diet to see if my BS is ok.
I had tried the Paragard twice. The first one in my 30es and the last one just a year ago, I was 41. Like many, I did not have great experience with birth control pills, moodiness, breast soreness, so I wanted no hormones. But unfortunately for me, Paragard 's side effects were too much to deal with. The first time I had lots of cramping and heavy periods but the 2nd time I was hoping it would be better and it was actualy worse. I can deal with heavy periods and cramping but in addition, I have developed pain in the lower back, it was pretty bad, feeling of stabbing constantly. I had it checked and was told the position is right. I gave it 8 months, hoping it would get better but I gave up. The constant discomfort was really affecting my lif
Past experience taking medicines that did work (Celexa, Wellbutrin), 1-2 years later they seemed to stop working (weepy, sad, never wanted to get out of bed, no desire to do anything, flash backs of a traumatic event, constantly dwelling on negative past experiences, etc.). 10mg Brintellix prescribed (1/10/14) while weaning off Wellbutrin. Not so weepy, but was still sad, had no motivation to get out of bed or do anything. Increase to 20 mg (1/28/14), felt like I was going &quot;downhill&quot; fast: even sadder and weepier, etc. Told it may have been too much at once, so was told to take 1/2 dose one day, full dose the next (2/15/14). Still not feeling as well as I thought I should. Increase to 20 mg Blood Pressure went up from 110/68 to 124/72.
I hate this drug! I feel exhausted all the time on it and it does not help at all! My doctor told me I can no longer take Zofran during the first trimester due to a study that said there  might be issues, so she put me on Diclegis first. I have tried it for 2 weeks and am absolutely miserable! I am still throwing up and have nausea all day and night. I have always had horrible morning sickness and was hoping this would work. Sadly it does not all it does is make me want to sleep all day long! To make things worse, even with my insurance cover most of the cost it still cost over $80.00 for a month supply. That is crazy!
This pill was great for my skin and for birth control, but it absolutely destroyed my sex drive. I also gained about 5 lbs. I am very sensitive to hormones. In addition to killing my sex drive, it also made me extremely emotional and moody. I stopped after three months of taking it. I just couldn 't stand the headaches and the adjustment period. I opted to stop taking the pill and use the calendar method. My periods returned to normal after about 5 months. I am now using the Paragard since I am in a long term relationship. Honestly. I would rather deal with hormonal acne and be myself than have perfect skin and be someone who I am not. Again, this pill may work for some, but unfortunately for me it did not.
This is the worst thing I have ever tasted in my entire life, I took me ages to drink the first litre, after I felt sick, stomach cramps then 2 hours after drinking the first litre the heavens opened! I tried to drink my second litre but I physically couldn 't, I drank 500ml of it and I threw up the whole river nile (after drinking 1l of water inbetween). Worst experience ever! And I 'm starving LOL
I was so optimistic when i got the nexplanon implant. I wanted it to work for me so bad, but now, 7.5 months after insertion I am STILL bleeding. I love that i have no pill, no worries, and no babies, but the bleeding has gotten out of control. I am calling my doctor today to have it taken out and to get mirena instead.
I experienced problems with severe constipation when on the full dose (4 pills a day) and massive hair loss, especially in the shower. I did lose weight but the side effects were too severe and outweighed the benefits.
What in the hell do they put in this product. It is pure evil!!! I had the same exact experience as everyone else accept I woke up vomiting out the wrong end. The BM still took another 30 minutes to come while I laid on the bathroom floor with horrifying cramps that are far worse than any labor pains I 've ever experienced. The cool floor beneath my face felt so incredible that I had no care for the urine my 3 boys had most likely sprayed all over that week while playing miss the toilet. Yet the smell of the urine continued to make me throw up again. Such a vicious cycle. Then as the BM toys with you, you start to feel someone stab daggers into every inch of your intestine and colon while twisting. Hold your breath as it comes or pass out!!
I felt bloated the first 2 days I 'm on my 3 day of treatment so far .I feel a little tired than usual. The bad taste in the mouth is the worst is really nasty. I hope the treatment works.
I found it to have horrible side effects that caused me to have to take several other meds to deal with the side effects i.e. Jaw pain, nerve pain in legs , site pain, migraines , dizziness, nausea , confusion and  depression. I did find my chronic cough was almost completely gone and I was starting to be able to walk further . I stopped after 1 month because the side effects were unbearable
I was recently prescribed 5mg every 8 hrs. I have debilitating migraines, as well as 2 herniated disks. It slightly dulled my pain, but I still found myself trying to find relief using OTC pain meds. Im hoping they will up my dose eventually. It would nice to live again!
Out of all the serotonin based drugs that literally have nothing to really do with true clinical depression; this is the better of the SSRI and SNRI class. Not anywhere as dangerous and toxic as Cymbalta; although this medication is something I want to warn everyone about: Effexor very quickly makes you its slave. Probably by purpose it has a very short half-life which makes even missing one dose produces horrendous withdrawal effects I would have to say are just as bad as abrupt benzodiazepine withdrawal (which is documented to be as bad as kicking heroin!). I will admit I do think it did help me but I have to stress even the XR release only has a 24 hour half-life. So 8 AM rolls around; you have no choice.
To preface this, this is merely my experience, for everyone 's experience may be different.I was prescribed this after having abnormal periods (skipping 1-3 months, and upon arrival, lasting for 1-2 weeks in addition to excruciating pain). During the first month, the first week I felt somewhat nauseated and tired, but the rest it cleared away. Acne was gone, period was lighter.However, starting now on the second month, I am completely repulsed by food and have other gastrointestinal symptoms on top of pre-existing conditions (which is a problem for someone who does weight training) and I 'm tired pretty often, thus I will no longer be taking it.Additionally, Orsythia has also made my mental illness symptoms far worse.
I used it to help me sleep,  and it did help me sleep.  But it gave me the worse nightmares.  And wouldn 't let me wake up.
I have used Luvox for over a year now. Before I was taking Effexor and it made me angry, so I had to switch. I started at 100mg then gradually went to 200mg. At 200mg I found the most relief for my OCD but I didn 't want to do anything. I had no motivation to clean my house, do the laundry, even take a shower. I just didn 't care. As a mother of 4 that was a huge problem. I gradually decreased my dosage back down to 100mg and have motivation back.  I still have the rituals and things that completely drive me up the wall and did have those still at 200mg. I 'm thinking about trying a new medication because this one works for a bit, but doesn 't give me the relief I need. I have to take Klonopin to calm my brain down at night where I can sleep.
Have suffered from IBS-D for approximately 23 years. The only medication that gives me relief from my symptoms has been Imodium 1-2 tabs per day. I tried Viberzi for just three days, because my symptoms became so frequent from not using the Imodium that I wasn 't able to leave the house for more than an hour or two. I hope Viberzi works better for other people who try it. Very disappointing for me to say the least. I gave it three out of ten because it did firm up the first BM of the day and had no noticeable side effects.
Takes a while to feel any relief.  I have experienced dizziness, shallow breathing, hypotention.
I have severe chronic pain due to a car accident. I 've tried every med to curb the pain. I like this medicine, the only drawback was that it wasn 't long lasting and I wish I could take it more than once a day.
I have been on the pill for 12 days. It 's my first time on any type of birth control pill. I am 28 years old. I have been spotting now for about 3 days. I am not sure if I should think of it as a light period that has been shifted because of the pill or not. I 'll wait and see I guess, but I am not supposed to start for another 2 weeks.  Also, the first few days, I had a mild fever. My Doctor said it was okay, and it went away shortly. I did have some breakouts on my face and they have cleared by now. Some mood swings and definitely feels like I am PMSing all over again.  It 's still probably early so I 'll put up another update in a month or so.
I 'm an army wife and the clinic here switched me too this birth control after 3 years of a different pill. Well, after a couple months I 've experienced longer periods, a depleted sex drive and a harder to reach climax. I am not happy since my husband just got back from Iraq and we should be having the best sex right now. 
I was put on Microgestin 1/20 to not only prevent pregnancy, but to prevent the severe cramps I had. It worked well by helping with the cramps and I had almost zero side effects but one- spotting. I spotted almost every day. I continued taking the prescription in hopes the spotting would pass, but it didn 't. My OB-GYN then put me on Microgestin 1.5/30 for a few months, to see if that would help. Unfortunately, it didn 't, so I stopped taking birth control all together. Hopefully I can find one that works for me!
Gildess obviously works, I experienced no weight gain and shorter lighter periods.  My sex drive has decreased very badly, and I have been experiencing awful mood swings that are really starting to impact my day to day life and I am switching immediately.
This was my first birth control  I was put on. When I started it I absolutely loved it, cleared up my acne and no weight gained. I have always been a light bleeder and only every few months. With this, I started my period on the third week. By the fourth week I was bleeding so heavily I would have to change feminine products every hour, this lasted for three days before I called my doctor. She then had me taking a pill every four hours until it stopped. It made me so sick I had to stop by the fourth day. My period continued for five weeks, not stopping until I switched pills. 
I am a Type 2 diabetic with high blood pressure.  I was hospitalized with heart failure due to too much liquid in my system.  After leaving the hospital in June I was on lasix. Then the doctor changed me from lasix to torsemide at the end of June.  With change in medications I had the following issues.40 mg twice a day: Extreme HeadachesVery high blood sugar for me (235-275)Low blood pressure (sometimes 90/60)Dehydration20 mg twice a day:Lowered Blood Pressure (almost too much)Blood sugar is in  the 190-220 range and I can 't get it to a lower number.  Originally at 110-125.LethargicDizzinessI keep getting told the medication is not really responsible for the blood sugar rising like it has.  Too much of a coincidence for me.
So I starting taking Zarah after Ocella was giving me an bad discharge with an odor. At first I thought I loved Zarah. I recently changed insurance and I can no longer get Zarah. I 've began taking a new pill which I cannot remember the name of but I have now realized how many PROBLEMS I actually had with Zarah. I 've learned that Zarah was causing weird breakouts around my chin that were just hard painful bumps that never turned into actual zits. It was causing my breasts to lactate, by the way I am 21, have been on birth control since 15 and have never been pregnant. After reading another review I have noticed my sex drive go wayyy up as well. 
Bad withdrawal symptoms when trying to quit. I had horrible depression when trying to wean off. Also didn 't like how I felt on it. Took my imagination away, ability to day dream. Gave me high blood pressure. You must get on medicines for high blood pressure. So either stop Pristiq or get high blood pressure meds if you need it.
I had extreme nausea and vomiting within a week of getting my first and ONLY shot of Depo-Provera.
I had this implant for 2 yrs now the thing I noticed about my self was that I gained a lot of weight and I would have the worst depression phases. I have acne and I 'm always tired some days. I feel so dizzy or nervous and my period has been going on for months. I also have no sex drive at all. It 's a mess hoping to get this thing taken out soon.
My daughter (8) was on Valproic Acid (liquid) for a year. About a month ago she began the pill form Divalproex. Both medicines stopped her Gran mal and Petit mal seizures. Fiends and family have commented for the last year about her personality change. She is no longer a joyful and energetic child, but has become very lethargic and depressed. We are currently researching different medicines to give her.
Im on day 20. And every day has been a struggle. I have noticed a decrease in smoking. From a pack to half pack. But im so over being sick all the time. Even with food, I feel headaches and nausea.  No weird dreams, but I am sleepy all the time. I would like to stay on it because the urge is going away, but I also want my life back. With my physically demanding job, I can 't be sick all the time. I dont know what to do :(
They found a polyp and fluids in my sinuses that is blocking about 80% of my left sinus cavity. Took this medicine first dose last night at 7:00pm... didn 't fall asleep until 4am, then had to be at work at 7! Very anxious, feels like I 'm having heart palpitations and my left knee and leg feel a lot of pressure as well. (not sure why) my chest feels super hot AND THE WORST OF ALL the WORST acid reflux I have EVER had at night. I 'm just hoping the pain is worth the results.
I WISH Lexapro worked for me like it seems to for everyone else. The first few weeks were a nightmare (tired, nauseous, dizzy, panic attacks), but it did get me out of the deep slump I was in. Then I seemed to get better out of the blue but for the past couple of weeks I 've slowly been slipping back into that slump. I 've been on it about 2 months. It 's causing me to have the most bizarre nightmares. I can 't stop thinking about them during the day. I feel like a total zombie too, no emotion whatsoever. I guess that 's why I feel like my anxiety has been eased. I 've NEVER felt like this before, it 's just bizarre.
Medication starting making my joints feeling better, but after a month of taking it, I developed migraine headaches that would come one about an hour after taking medication. Had to stop due to the severity of the headaches.
I have been switching from birth control to birth control, trying to find what works the best with my body. Lutera is okay; my acne is manageable, no weight gain/loss, and no depression. I don 't like how it makes me nauseous a lot, but maybe that 's just with the starting months. I really don 't like how it is giving me cramps (I 'm nowhere near my period week) and COMPLETELY took away my sex drive. It scares me when a medication gives me a certain reaction, but it scares me even more when the medication takes something away from me that I was fine with.
My experience with this drug wasn 't pleasant. I got completely blocked after 5 days of taking the pills and was unable to do both number 1 and 2. Even my period was late, which does not normally happen. I ended up in an emergency room with severe stomach pains. The other side effects such as lack of concentration, tiredness and headache were easy to deal with, it is just a matter of getting used to them. I would have stayed on those pills because I felt less need to urine than I used to, which finally has given me a relief, however I had no other choice then stop taking them, and take pills to help me move the urine and bowel motion out of my body.
I suffer from mdd, anxiety and PTSD. I added rexulti to my lamictal 100mg.  I started at .5mg and progressed to 2mg.  I had tried 15 different medications in the previous year all with no effect or i had adverse reactions. I noticed an immediate difference in my mood on rexulti. It helped me go from completely non functional to the ability to get out of bed, shower, do laundry etc. Now the bad news. I was extremely restless and had trouble sitting still, I had vivid dreams and nightmares, I gained 15 lbs in two months and the worst part is it gave me high blood sugar. I was not willing to add diabetes to my list of diagnoses so I immediately discontinued this medication. I was disappointed this was the first medication that seemed to help
Hideous. Made me nauseous. Could not gag down the entire two bottles. Had a headache for hours. Couldn 't sleep because of hunger pangs. If I 'm not squeaky clean enough for them by now they can all go jump in a volcano.  NOT doing this medieval procedure again.
When I started Risperdal it made my whole body shake the first day, but after that I was restless everyday and I couldn 't sit down for long periods of time. The medicine helped a lot with delusions and hallucinations (including audio) and helped a bit with reality perception but did not help with irrational thinking. Gained 15 lbs.
I took this from January to May. I started on th&eacute; 145 dosage, but I had to go up to the 290mg after a month when the lower dose stopped working. I was pleased with this medicine 's ability to correct my chronic constipation. I was more gassy and sometimes had loose stools, but overall I felt a lot better. One problem I had with it was the extreme dehydration it caused; I suffered from super dry skin and &quot;shredded coconut lips&quot; the length of my usage. It was incredibly frustrating to drink 100oz of water each day and still be dehydrated! The worst effect of this drug was the nerve pain it caused. Beginning in April, my right arm started going numb, tingly, and had traveling pain up and down it. After $3500 of tests, I connected it to Linzesse
I first started Junel for my periods because I experienced heavy bleeding that would last for days. I never had awful acne but my skin was not super clear, with the first months of being on it my acne was so bad! But now after 11 months my skin is super clear and smooth! Even though my periods are less bleeding and less days, I have had a lot of side effects! I work out regularly and eat healthy yet I have gained over 10 lbs from when I first started talking this, my mood switches too often and I usually feel mad a lot of the time, and my face and hair has became extremely oily and greasy within the last few months. I do not think it has been worth it!
After applying the eye drops I experienced burning and itching in my eyes that lasts for about five minutes and then subsides. I don 't know if this is something that should keep me from using it or not. I use it in the morning about 30 minutes before putting in my contacts, (Only when I need it though).
I used to take Nifedipine 10 mg plus Metoprolol Tartrate 25mg (twice daily) to reduce my blood pressure. Nifedipine 's effect caused fluctuation of blood pressure each day. A doctor recommend me to replace by taking 5 mg Amlodipine Besylate and 80 mg of Diovan (Valsartan) once each day. I took Metoprolol for couple of years already. The recent changes reveals two things, by stop taking Metoprolol, my heart beat is faster (new 68 and previously about 60) and I felt irregular heart beat. Now I doubt if I should discontinue Metoprolol as this medicine put my heart at ease. 
Increased depression causing extreme irritability, excessive muscular spasms with cramps in lower limbs.
I was prescribed clonidine .1mg to help with blood pressure and insomnia. Unfortunately for me it hasn 't helped with neither. It worked the first week with helping me fall asleep but I still woke up about 2 hrs later in same situation.  As far as blood pressure every reading still remains dangerously high.
Bad side effects.
When I first started taking this I was hoping this would work good for me as I 've read a lot of reviews and heard mostly good things. The 1st 3 wks were good. I was starting too feel that it was starting too work but after that..things get horrible. I had anxiety and panic attacks all day. So bad that I wouldn 't leave my house. It took me a few days to realize that it was Viibryd. These panic attacks were bad. Woke up with them, went to bed having them. I didn 't want to stop taking so next day took half..20mg..and they stopped. My Doctor wants me to just stay on the 20mg but I didn 't think its doing anything. I 'm on my 4th to 5th week. Things almost seem to go back to when I started.
I have Narcolepsy with Cataplexy and am currently taking Provigil during the day when I first wake up. I have noticed that my Cataplexy attacks are fewer but it doesn 't stop them all. I still have at least 3 big attacks a week. I have found that I am more alert taking Ritalin but have more cataplectic attacks. I am currently working with my doc to up the dosage because the 200mg are not enough. I have had some side effects with the medicine. Mood Swings, becoming fixated on a task or project, confusion, headache and some depression. I am currently a full time student and for me taking Provigil to prevent attacks vs being more alert is the best option for me at this point.
This pill took very little of the pain away. 
I am going on 3 weeks of using the generic citalopram and the side effects are awful. I have major migraines that make me dizzy. I wake in the middle of the night covered in sweat, hot and cold chills, excessive tiredness even if I get sleep. I felt better for a short time but now I seem to have to talk myself into doing anything that requires me to leave my house, and I get shaky.
I just turn 18 , never been on birth control before and I started taking the pills the first day I got my period. Aug 7. I 've been taking the pills everyday around 11:30pm and Im still bleeding August 20th. The m period changed from light to heavy , dark brown to red with blood clots . It 's completely horrible
I have congestive heart failure, cardiomyopathy. This medicine works properly.  Helps with potassium regulation during Furosemide therapy.  HOWEVER, it is too hard to take.  Makes me gag.  It 's like swallowing chalk.  
I took this pill about 10 pm and by 2 am I went to the restroom. I had cramping which was normal but I had threw up while I was doing the restroom then I was jittery it even lowered my blood pressure and I wanted the horrible feeling to go away I felt like I was about to pass out!!  Won 't ever take it again!!
Took for mastitis. Have felt ongoing stomach pain and nausea. I 've followed the directions, have been drinking plenty of water, not laying down, taking with food and eating yogurt but still feel gross all the time.
I have been taking Aromasin for 3 months now and still wake up every night in pain on my hand, tingling and burning along with joint pain.  
I have only just begun taking Seasonique but boy is it effective. But who could get pregnant when your mood swings are off the charts and you have absolutely NO sex drive, and even if I tried to be interested, it wouldn 't be worth it because it 's too dry. Seriously...me and my boyfriend hate it. Trying to wait it out and see if there is any improvement.
I went to my OBGYN for my yearly appointment and she refilled the same pill that I 've been on for two years. Loved Trinessa, did its job, I could estimate the time of my period down to the hour. Lasted 4 days. And for being a person that switched pills for a year trying to lessen my sad feelings, Trinessa really did me well. So, after my yearly appointment, I went to pick up my new, yearly prescription. CVS stopped carrying Trinessa and gave me Tri-Estarylla instead. All they told me was that they did not carry Trinessa and that this was the same chemical compound, just a different generic brand. Well now, I 've been on this new pill for two weeks, and I have yet to stop bleeding from my last week on Trinessa! Spotting is terrible.
I 'm just finishing my first month of Sprintec and at the moment I absolutely hate it! I 'm in so much pain I can hardly move its just horrid! I 'm also very emotional ALL the time ( I just cried because a noise startled me) in the beginning I also experienced horrible migraines that all I wanted to do was stay in the dark, but thats nothing new since being on this pill considering I just want to lay in bed all day anyway. My experience with sprintec has not been a good one
Was diagnosed in Oct 2014 with endometrial stroma sarcoma and put on Letrozole 2.5 mg (UK).  Small tumours near my liver have now disappeared and the main tumour has shrunk from 2.7 to 1 cm.  Side effects have been very bad from nausea, dizziness, aches and pains (sometimes from head to toe), stiffness in all the joints, brain fog and tiredness.  Yes, some days you wonder if it is worth it but then you look at the family and decide there is no option but to keep fighting.  Taking loads of supplements and herbs which have helped somewhat and acupuncture.  The insomnia is very hard to deal with - nothing seems to help at all with that.  Now having a 4 month break. Oncologist suggested 1 month but after 1 month the effects are still there.
I was prescribed this for a kidney infection.   I took one dose.  With that dose I felt so sick to my stomach, had horrible anxiety, my face felt hot and I felt sweaty. My calves of my legs also felt sore.  I stopped after that first dose because I felt so awful and read some pretty scary side effects!   I went to a different Dr and he put me on doxy which is much safer.
I take the usual dose for degenerative disc disease of shoulders and spine, which can cause a lot of pain. This medicine doesn 't seem to do much - perhaps it takes too long to act and I have trouble noticing it.  The side effects of gastrointestinal distress is bad for me, as it seems to worsen my GERD. 
I have had my nexplanon for just over a year. The first 4 months were good, I still got my period on time, it wasn 't as heavy, no cramping. After 4 months I clotted, it was disgusting and still do. It would happen for weeks at a time, stop for a few days and start up. I have completely lost my sex drive, it doesn 't even appeal to me, my depression and anxiety is worse, and now I have horrible insomnia. Within the last month my cramping is horrible, I feel like I have cysts on my ovaries again. My bleeding is light but mostly clots. I hate this thing. I got it because I was unsure if my hubby and I would have anymore kids and we 've decided not too. In two weeks I go see my doctor and I 'm going to ask about permanent BC.
I have been on this birth control for a month today. I was already having heavy bleeding prior to my Dr prescribing this birth control. The next day I started the pill I stopped bleeding for a whole wk then the second week I began to spot. Followed my the third week my period started to be heavy all over again with quarter size blood clots. I contacted my Dr he said that my body is still trying to get used to the pill give it some time. This week again I called the Dr back because the bleeding seems to be getting worst and the cramps are on a level of 20 he said again just keep taking them and as the new month is approaching a change can occur if not contact him again. I sure hope this pill works fast &amp; stop the bleeding.
I 've been taking Pristiq 50mg daily for the past 7 months for anxiety and mild depression, and I can 't say I 'm much better for sticking with it.  The side effects were horrible as I started - extreme dizziness, nausea, restlessness, sweating, impotence.  Those subsided over the first week or two, but quickly returned if I miss a dose.  My energy level has not lifted and in fact may have decreased, but most importantly I 've felt more disconnected, numb, and unfocused since being on the drug.  I 've heard it 's rough to come off and I 've been tapering back slowly, but I 'm looking forward to clear thoughts and true feelings again.  
So I was constipated for over a week ...had tried senna tablets and had no movement. Reluctantly brought dulcolax and after reading reviews only took one. Nothing happened but I did wake up in the middle of the night with cramps. Took another the nest day about 5pm and then to be sure took another at 8pm. Woke up with bad cramps about 7 am and spent most of the day in bed with a wheat bag. The pain is bad. At 3pm I finally had some relief although not the great flood like other reviews say ...not yet anyway. I thought I 'd post this in case someone else feels like theyre the only one with it not working ...the pain was worth it!
I 've never had any problems with the length or intensity of my period but on this pill I felt sick all the time, dizzy, anxious, moody and tired.  My skin broke out and I had hot flushes.  Every 3 days I had cramps and my breasts were tender.  I 've been running 4-8 miles a day and still gained weight.  This pill made me feel like I was pregnant all over again.  Not a good choice of pill for me!
I got it inserted in May 2015 and it worked great at first. About 2 months later I started bleeding and did not stop until about 6 months later. It would stop for maybe 2 days at a time if i was lucky. I thought I had gotten through that but it just kept happening. I just stopped bleeding about 3 days ago after bleeding for almost 4 months. Going to talk to the doctor about something to help this week.
Benadryl seems to help but makes me so sleepy it isn 't really worth the symptom relief.
I have been on this med for 12 days, so far i haven 't seen a difference, in fact I 'm thinking my Dr gave me a placebo. I have been very tired and sleeping more. I have tried Dexedrine and Concerta which I feel, worked better, but was harsh. I hope in time I will see the benefits.
Gianvi did nothing for my premenstrual dysphoric disorder symptoms. Although it prevented pregnancy I still had to suffer through ALL of the PMDD discomforts.
The doctor tried it twice for my rheumatoid arthritis and it didn 't help at all after taking it for 6 months. 
I had no problems when on Aviane or Lutera, but since my insurance switched me to Orsythia, my periods have gotten a bit longer, and my cramps have gotten worse. With Aviane and Lutera, I barely had any but now they 're back to like before I was on the pill. Plus, my breasts have been achy when they didn 't use to be and I 've had more headaches. One month I was even worried I was pregnant because I was so tired, bloated and had so many headaches. I 'm hoping I can get my doctor to write me a prescription for something else if my insurance doesn 't cover Aviane or Lutera when I get my refill next month. Not terrible but not as good as Aviane or Lutera.
I have just had a 5 day course of the tablets in conjunction with Gabapentin 100mg and have to say after the 3rd dose I was absolutely floored! Really took it out of me physically with extreme tiredness and general weakness.  Think I would rather have done without them had I realised how I was going to feel.
While Crestor reduced my cholesterol on the 10 mg dose,  the side effects including foggy thinking, personality change, no pep or enthusiasm, and muscle pains and night gagging sessions and constipation, led me to get my medication changed to Lipitor. With Lipitor I have had no sides effects worth mentioning after 3 months. If I would have had less side effects then I would have been happy to stay on it.
I started this birth-control after I had my son, and for a while I thought my post pregnancy hormones were to blame for my moodiness. After four months I realized this birth control was to blame! I am usually happy-go-lucky, and see the best in every situation. NOT on this pill. The smallest things upset me and I would get mad for no reason at all. A friend of mine had the same experience... The only reason I gave it any stars at all was because it did prevent pregnancy unlike the kind I took before!
Didn 't really help me. After a week I started to get really bad stomach pains and feeling sick. I was on 500 mg 2 x a day. Think I 'm going to try something else.
Doc has me taking 150 mg morning and 150 mg evening.  I have gained 50 pounds in 6 months.  I am going to get him to take me off this.  I went on a salad diet for a week with balsamic vinegar dressing (1 Tablespoon for a huge salad).  I ate salad for lunch and dinner and drank nothing but water with lemon in it.  I gained 2 pounds.  I told this to my doctor and he said that I must have cheated.  Why would anyone go on just a salad diet if they weren 't serious about losing weight?  I do not recommend this drug. I did start using cyclobenzaprine and it really helps with the leg cramps.
I guess I am a statistic, but my paragard fell out after only 3 months. I have never had children before. I 'm really sad that the only birth control that I was willing to try failed, and failed so early on. Thankfully my husband saw a piece of string come out and asked me what that could be. That 's when I realized 1/4 of the copper IUD was already out. My recovery after the insertion was not too bad, although I did have heavy bleeding for a month. I would advise skinner women with a more petite frame to be careful when going on this birth control. Don 't put your hopes in it like I did.
I 'm going to be very much to the point I had a physician that retired I began seeing a new physician after searching for a physician I was comfortable with I was continued being prescribed oxycodone ER 2-30mg tab 3x a day with 4mg hydromorphone with each dose The Physician referred me to pain management pain management change meds two 100 mg oxycodone ER that is one 40 mg &amp; one 60 mg.  &amp; 80mg oxycodone 2x day &amp; 8mg hydromorphone every 8 hrs with each dose. Then pain management switch me to oxymorphone 40mg every 12 hours &amp; 8mg hydromorphone with each dose.   Why is this is not working why? Should I go back on 100mg sulfate morphine tablet ER and 8mg hydromorphone 3x a day. Oxymorphone is new to me all the other meds I 've been on over 10 years
I tried it today cause I&rsquo;ve been getting really bad migraines and I tried it expecting it to work but instead I got bad side effects neck is tighten and I also have a severe migraine really disappointed and going to speak to my doctor about finding me something else never taking it again...
jittery, dry mouth, shortness of breath, tightness in chest, exacerbated hand tremors, diarrhea, nausea, headache, hot flash every day.  Excessive daytime sleepiness (EDS) marginally improved at best.
I decided to get Skyla since my doctor said it was the best choice for me since I 've never given birth before. My OBGYN said to schedule my appointment for the week after my period. At my appointment, my OBGYN couldn 't feel where my uterus was since I had some curvature blocking access to it. He straightened it out, which was very painful! Then inserted Skyla. I got Skyla on 4/26/17 and it 's been four days since it was inserted. I 'm still getting really painful cramps, migraines, dizziness and some spotting. I 'm not sure if Skyla 's really worth all this pain.
ICE! I 've used this product twice and the itching was so unbearable I almost cried both times, but I did some research the second time and it recommended icing your labia and vulva so I tried it and what a sweet relief. Sit on a little bag of ice while you use this product and the itch will be very manageable, otherwise it 's horrible. Not entirely sure this product is worth it.
I 've taken these as needed and every time I have to prepare myself for being &quot;uncomfortable&quot; and prepared by not leaving the house for at least 4-5 hours. I have to say it will make you go however the next 3-5 hours are unpredictable. I 've experienced some withdrawal type feelings as well as anxiety/ restlessness. I keep this medication on hand incase I really need it to &quot;go&quot;.  I may take 1/2 of a dose and see if I can get a more gradual BM.
Holy cow..I 'm on the nuva ring and so far I 'm on my 3rd yeast infection in 5 months. The first two yeast infections monistat 7 worked perfectly fine, slight itching but not unbearable. THIS TIME MY WHOLE VAGINA IS IN BURNING HELL. First night I cried for hours in pain, no sleep that night..now I 'm in my second night and it 's 4am. IT IS TWICE AS BAD..this caused so much itching pain...I was biting my pillow to keep myself from screaming IN PAIN. From reading these reviews there 's something seriously wrong here, no one should be in crying pain from a CREAM. Right now the only thing that 's helping is an ice pack in a plastic bag numbing my whole vagina...seriously is this a horrible mess of a batch..not sure..
Since I 've been on strattera I 've felt tired &amp; listless -- I can 't even work up enough energy for essentials like laundry &amp; dishes. I 've been on it for 5 months. My worst side effects are nausea, fatigue, irritability, and strange dreams. It feels like I start dreaming before I even fall asleep and it 's driving me crazy. In typical ADHD fashion I forgot my meds at work over the weekend &amp; had to go without -- I woke up at 4am to the worst headache I 've ever had. I have an appointment on Wednesday &amp; will be doing my damnedest to get my doc to switch me to a different med. I think it did a little for my ADHD but I also upped my coffee intake while I was on this med.
I have been on this pill for the past 5 years now. When I first began this pill I had no issues, it immediately regulated my period and decreased cramping and acne. However, over the past few years I have noticed an increase in negative side effects associated with this pill. I find myself to become randomly depressed, emotional and angry. I have little to no sex drive as well as terrible migraines during the week before my period. I have been prescribed 800mg ibuprofen for these migraines, as my gynecologist suggested it could be due to low estrogen levels and they don 't even help. I am considering changing pills due to the uncomfortable side effects.
Tried for a few months some years ago.  No side effects, didn 't seem as effective as Asacol for me.  Needs specific conditions in the gut to &quot;cleave&quot; into the active medication, I think my particular gut wasn 't suited.  Beware that not every med will work in everyone, Asacol included. Try meds and observe how you fare.
I used regular microgestin 1/20 and it was fine,  then for some reason a new doctor gave me the microgestin fe 1/20 (iron pills the last week). I got terrible cystic acne and now have scars from it. I realized it the 3rd month and stopped taking the pills the last week. My acne has started to improve.
I 'm a 56 year old male and started having CH at age 18. Treatment is different for men than women as to what works best. I 've had the best success with a neuro who fought to get my insurance to approve Oxygen. Breathing 10 milliliters per minute through a mask at the onset of the CH while lying down in the dark breathing slowly in through the nose has worked everytime and without all the side effects of prednisolone, Verapamil and the like. Essential Oils Peppermint rubbed on the temples and back of the neck which for me is the first indication of an onset has proven effective too. Guys are expected to grow out of it in our fifties. I 'm still hoping that happens as nobody truly understands the severity of this type of pain.
So the first two days I was like Yes! It worked and it was normal cramp free BM. Next day a bit of diarrhea, but only two BMs like that. Well I decided to just take half of one. No cramps or pain, no BM. Skipped another day and then today I took a half. It 's been two hours of off and on the toilet. I stopped having any thing solid. It 's like I am going pee, but through my behind.  ); don 't let this sway you from trying, but stop if this happens to you.
I was referred to get on birth control because of my abnormal menstrual cycle. At first I was on Orthocyclen Lo and after a year, decided that I didn 't want to be on birth control anymore as I never remembered to take the pill. I then didn 't have a period for about 5 months and finally it returned to my normal 7 day cycle. The next month it was on for a whole month before I decided to go back to my doctors office because it was driving me insane! They then suggested that I take LoSeasonique. I just finished my first pack, but I don 't like this pill at all. I feel AWFUL each and everyday! I have really bad stomach pain and I constantly feel like I have to vomit. Please let me know if anyone else is experiencing these symptoms!
Took this a while back, it was ok I just wanted to regulate my cycle when it did I got off for a while. My hormones out of wack  again so I started them again, I have mid back length hair and its pretty healthy I washed my hair since taking these and noticed tremendous hair loss. Not good!
Caused bad stomach upset.
Built up a tolerance to it very quickly and made me itch like crazy.
I saw all the positive reviews for insomnia and I convinced my doctor to prescribe it, with big hope. First day made me really relaxed , and thought thats it, works, I am going to sleep well probably but then after 2 hours I was awake and had to take another sleeping pill. Day 4 no improvement in sleep, no side effects or whatsoever. I still have some hope, and I will stick with it for some time to see what happens. Good thing is no side effects
On the medication for 8 weeks now. Terrible mood swings, bloated all the time, face constantly breaking out (after contraception,  I 'm taking it too clear my face), mild weight gain, very light periods- if any, SEVERE nausea and constipated since the day I started the medication. Symptoms were so bad, I thought I was pregnant for a while....took 4 pregnancy tests over 3 weeks time to convince me it was just the severe side effects of birth control. I take no other medications on a consistent basis.
I have just started xenical on 21/07/2017. This is day 2 and I have not experienced any side effects whatsoever. Makes me wonder if it will really work on me. I have also started diet for fools so no carbs and really low fat. I have started a jogging regime for 30mins per day. I will weigh myself in a weeks time to check the progress then I will rate. I currently weigh 73kgs and my height is 4. 7.
Thankyou guys for sharing honest reviews! PCP placed me on Montelukast  10 Mg a day . Allergies began to lighten up for awhile . But OMGOSH REALLY!  Guys it has got me such a desperate fight for my well-being ! Didn 't know why I was feeling so fatigued depressed no interest in nothing and a battle just to get out of bed most days ! Had super dark thoughts and awe\ful vivid dreams that I could feel the next days of worthless ! Asked Prayer Group to Pray for Me ! First night I didn 't dream that awful dream but fatigue and depressing thoughts remained! This Med is awful for me ! No more will I subject myself to this dangerous Medicine ! From the bottom of my heart don 't expose your well-being to medicine that can affect in such harmful ways!
Was really disappointed. I started at 10mg (have taken Ambien IR 10mg for 2yrs). It actually worked great - maybe the first sleep aid that made me feel genuinely, naturally sleepy, not drugged and sedated. But after I went to sleep, I had 3 hrs of horrible, vivid nightmares that woke me up every 5 minutes panting &amp; sweating. I also experienced sleep paralysis for the first time in my life. It was absolutely terrifying. I tried to keep at it for a few nights as several people have said the side effects go away quickly, and even tried only taking 5mg, but it was intolerable. Too bad. It is maybe worth noting that I take a handful of other meds including Seroquel, Klonopin, Lamictal, etc.
I started taking the pill at 11 years ago to help with dysmenhorrea (really painful periods) and after trying a few different pills to find one that worked for me I started using Yasmin.  I used Yasmin for many years and it worked very well for me.  Recently my insurance company decided that they would cover Zarah but not the Yasmin so my pharmacy switched me and told me that they were the same pill. When you look at the monograph included with the pills the only noticeable difference is with the non-medicinal ingredients so I agreed to the switch.  I wish I hadn 't.  When I first started Zarah I was nauseated on and off for about a month.  Then I noticed that I was getting quite bloated.   My weight has gone up 2 or 3 pounds.
Burned areas on the tongue with discoloration and blisters
still had recurring a flutter
Have been on Lexapro 3 months.  Still suffering anxiety symptoms, especially in the morning.
I took Depakote for 3 months at 100mg to treat bipolar disorder type I.I did see improvements in my mood, but I also experienced weight gaindue to the side effect of always feeling hungry. Also, I never felt the signal from my stomach telling me that it was time to stop eating and that I was full. 
This website has reassured me that I am not crazy! I had Implanon inserted in February 2011. Insertion was fairly painless, it took months of getting used to it in my arm. My periods were unpredictable but not constant. However, the biggest side effect for me was the weight gain, 30 pounds in a year. I made my appointment to have it removed last month, my doctor did not want to remove it. She told me that weight gain is not a side effect, I just need to exercise. I had it removed anyway. I found this website with reviews from women with my experiences and I am so grateful! Implanon is effective, but the weight gain and mood change was not worth it for me in the end.
I have been recently diagnosed with the disease called BIH which occurs mostly in women and very young children and currently taking Diamox with annoying side effects such as pins and needles in feet, hands and lips which can last up to 2 hours at a time and be painful. I wake every night with interrupted sleep with a headache or temperature! I have been turned off a lot of food but mainly fizzy drinks.
I was scheduled for Colonoscopy this morning but had to reschedule. I was prescribed Prepopik for my prep. I have Gastroparesis and read in the med guide that came with the medicine and noticed it said people who have gastric retention should NOT take this prep. I called my doctors office with this info and concern and they assured me I would be fine. I took my first dose of prep medicine at 6 p.m.. Nothing happened at all and I ended up falling asleep. I awoke at 2:30 and had one small regular bowel movement. Took second dose at 3 a.m. and nothing happened!! Called doc at 6 since my check in time was to be at 7 a.m. and explained what happened. Cancelled procedure. At around 10:30 it finally kicked in. If you have Gastroparesis don 't take
Overall, the reason that I am switching from Loestrin24Fe is because my body needs different levels of progestin (lower) and estrogen (higher). This was the first birth control pill that I had ever taken and I had many problems with irregular bleeding (which in turn lead to severe anemia). Other minor side effects were some mood swings the first month, and I did gain weight in my breasts during the 3 months I was on Loestrin. I didn 't have any problems with nausea outside the first week, which maybe could be attributed to other factors. It was also very expensive ($87.00/mo with no insurance). I would recommend this medication for some women, but it may not work for everyone.
I had severe headaches, muscle aches, anxiety.  I felt flushed, skin excessively warm. Dizziness my eyeballs hurt. Nausea, vomiting, motion sickness yes motion sickness.
I have been on a variety of birth control pills for 15 years now, and Junel is by far the worst medication I have ever experienced.  Immediately I experienced severe mood swings and depression.  I stayed on Junel for 2 months, but nothing ever improved.  3 years later, a new doctor accidentally prescribed Junel to me, and I decided to try it again.  Again, immediate mood swings, depression, etc.  
I have been using Epiduo for a month now and have had acne for a few years. It is great at getting rid of the acne but the side effects are bad on me. It made my eye swell up and go red and cause major irritation. When I go back to my dermatologist I will ask to be put on something else.
I started taking Apri, because my periods became irregular.  I took it for 10 days. I felt horrible my mind felt cloudy. I couldn 't remember where I was 15 minutes later. It was the 2nd time in my life that I took birth control. I am 37 and I break out like I was 17. I would have liked to stay on it, but I could not deal with my symptoms.
I had Nexplanon inserted June of this year. Since then I have had three periods, the first two lasted about two weeks. I am currently bleeding again and have been for almost a month. My gyno gave me bc pills to help regulate my period but once I finished those off, I immediately started bleeding again, heavier than before. Prolonged bleeding and also depressed mood have been the side effects I experienced.  I won 't tell anyone NOT to try nexplanon, but I would tell them that everyone 's experience will be different. It 's a great form of bc since I basically bled the whole time, I couldn 't even have sex!
I had Implanon placed in November of 2009. It was great until September 2010. I started having a period after not having one since January 2010 and to this day it has not stopped. I went to a new Gynecologist and he said that the progestrin level in the Implanon was stopping my body from producing estrogen. He gave me a prescription of estrogen but it really didn 't help. Not to mention, in the past year that I have been having these problems, I have become depressed, anxious, moody, and my patience has worn very VERY thin with not only my fiance and daughter, but with people in general. Unfortunately, I have lost my insurance and it is quite expensive to have this removed.
I started a new medication that made me extremely constipated, I could only go to the bathroom if I drank coffee. I decided to try this after not having a BM for 2 days and it did nothing. I tried it again the next morning and still nothing. On the 3rd day I bought the Dulcolax pink pills and took 2 (supposed to work in 6-12 hours)... 12 hours later and still nothing. At this point my stomach is so bloated and hurts pretty bad. I go by the store and get a glycerin suppository and that did the trick after about 30 seconds. I think I was just so backed up that nothing was working. After the first BM (it wasn 't much) all of those laxatives started kicking in and giving me horrible cramps for 30 or so minutes. Finally emptied everything out.
I got the birth control in May of 2015 my acne has been more horrible than ever before, and my mood swings have gotten worst than ever, I would be perfectly fine than I turn to being angry and sad. For the last 6 months I 've been having heavy periods with spotting all the time and horrible cramps. I also gained weight like crazy, when I got it I was 92 lbs and now it 's January 2017 I weigh 175 and it 's seems impossible to lose the weight.
This birth control was great for reducing my periods and helping with endometriosis cramps, but it has made me very depressed and tired. 
I started taking Effexor around 3 years ago, 150 mg, because I was having a terrible time with anxiety and it was starting to physically manifest itself at the worst possible times. Initially it worked quite well and I was more or less getting back to my normal self. I felt so good, in fact, I thought I no longer needed the Effexor and started the slow taper and eventually stopped taking it. My anxiety quickly returned along with terrible dizziness and an overwhelming fear of being around other people. I also suffered several seizures, which we are still not sure are linked to coming off the Effexor, but my doctors are suspicious. Nonetheless, my life has been HELL since stopping. Trying Lexapro now to hopefully get some of &quot;ME ' back.
I took this birth control pill for about three months. I have been fortunate to never experience intense sadness or depressive feelings since I was born, discounting family/friend deaths or illnesses. After starting the pill I noticed a change in my attitude and mindset. I used to wake up extremely happy and stay happy throughout the day, but the pill caused me to become sad. Depression became a major factor of my everyday life on the pill and suicidal ideations soon followed during the third month. I felt crazy on the pill and I became really insecure. The only other side effect besides depression was breast tenderness. It was effective in preventing pregnancy and I did not get migraines or spotting.
14 days on 20mg. I am edgy and wobbly, no appetite, forced myself to eat, so I am eating less.  Taking advantage of that because I am also a diabetic and hard to go to sleep. I am sticking with the medicine.  Have some relief of  bad thoughts.  Hope it gets better.
I 've been using this birth control for about a year and a half now and it 's kept me from not getting pregnant, but that 's about the only thing it 's done for me. It doesn 't help my cramps, nor does it help my moodiness around &quot;that time,&quot; in fact it 's made it worse. Just recently, I 've had gallbladder disease which my doctor attributed to my Sprintec. So, I spent 5 days in the hospital after surgery due to this medicine.
First few months was great! No bleeding, no worries, just safe sex... Then I took my third shot... I started spotting then I was just like a regular period every single day! My vagina smelled no matter how much I washed up, sex was always a mess to clean up, and really the sight of blood from down there is absolutely disgusting! My sisters told me I could become anaemic due to the blood loss and iron decrease in my body! Sure I feel fine despite the fact that I 'm always bleeding but in the long run it wasn 't helping me and being a vegetarian didn 't make it any better! Anyways I 'm deciding to switch to the pill I 'm not sure how this is gonna work... Don 't know if the bleeding will stop.. I just hope I won 't be bleeding everyday!
I started this birth control back when I was 18 the first few months it wasn 't too bad, there wasn 't any spotting, and I didn 't have any periods. Toward the end I 'd say the last year and a half (was on it till around 20 ish) I would constantly bleed it wasn 't very heavy, but enough to be extremely annoying. Especially, since the spotting is supposed to happen towards the beginning and stop later on. On top of that it left me in a bad mood most of the time and because of that I certainly wouldn 't go back on it. I 'm now 23 almost 24 and I hate my body for rejecting it because now I 'm stuck with the pills, I don 't have any problems with the pill (Ortho-Tri Cyclen), but it is inconvenient. It did do its primary job and prevent any pregnancy.
Ive had Nexplanon for 6 months now as soon as I had my second child. I didnt get my period the first 3 months eveything was fine. Then on the 4 month started my horrible mood swings, I was sad and angry all the time. My heavy period which last me the whole entire month stops for two days and comes back for another whole month. I have really hated this experience. Getting it removed friday ! I have unprotected sex with my husband and have no problems with preganancy. So if you are willing to deal with mood swings and a long perios well then go for it. If not I do not recommend !
I got it inserted August 2015. I thought it was great until 2 months ago I started bleeding and am still to this day. It 's never enough for a tampon though. I hate it! If the bleeding doesn 't quit soon it 's gonna have to come out.
Okay I 've been getting recurring bv especially when I have unprotected sex with my same partner I don 't know why it keeps coming back and it 's nasty and embarrassing it 's ruining my sex life .. I 've been on these stupid antibiotics for like 3 months .. first dose was 7 days then the second and third dose 14 damn days and now the smell is just getting worse and I don 't know what to do.. I don 't get no side affects like headaches etc just brown urine And the metal taste ..
This medicine caused erectile dysfunction and causes weight gain and sluggishness!
first the shot is very painful and i have a very high pain tolerance. the whole time i 've never been in remission and for about the past year and a half it stopped working which means options are out.
Controls the anxiety but side  effect causes erectile dysfunction.
I have been on Loestrin 24 FE for about a month now and my experience is terrible. I have literately been on my period for 29 days straight and I 'm freaking out. And I 'm talking full on period, not light bleeding everyday for well 29 days so far. And its making me break out. I 'm going to be calling my doctor on Monday because this can 't be healthy for my body to lose this much blood.
It was effective for pain relief but caused nausea and vomiting on first tablet.  Not taking any more.
Bones hurt a lot, hot flashes were really bad.
This product does what it says with terrible pain! First off... i would never recommend this product to someone who experiences IBS like myself. Seems that the posts praising ducolax are from people who have only had LIGHT constipation discomfort. I now understand the &quot;near death experience&quot; that Ducolax is. If you ever ever experienced true food poisoning that leaves you expelling from both ends simultaneously this is exactly like that! Cold sweats, nausea, diarrhoea and vomiting accompanied by the worst cramps of life. I mean I can actually say I thought I 'd need an ER visit &amp; if you 've tried this and lived to tell the tale YOU KNOW! I would absolutely recommend taking this on the first day of your weekend with zero plans!
I 'm 15 years old and I 've been taking solodyn 55 mg for about a month now in addition to birth control which my dermatologist prescribed. I haven 't been seeing any improvement yet and I am still continuing to get terrible breakouts.
i have had implanon in for 19 months now. i have lost all sex drive at the age of 22. My periods last for months on end. Currently i 've been bleeding for 21 days now. The longest period lasted for 6 weeks. When i presented this prob to my doc he prescribed me loestrin 21 birth control pills for 2 months in addition to the already implanted implanon. I have been experiencing major depression issues but i won 't blame implanon for that i 'll see if things change once i get it removed which will b very soon. It 's just not the birth control for me. I have tried to get it removed twice before but my docs always convince me to stick it out that they symptoms may change but they never do.
I took Abilify with Celexa for one night. It seemed to work pretty well as soon as I took it. However, only three hours later, I was sitting on the couch when suddenly my arm lifted up and flung itself over the arm rest. I didn 't even feel a muscle twitch. I wouldn 't have even known had I not seen it move and felt it flop against the rest. It was bizarre. Two other incidents happened that same night, so I called my doctor in a panic who told me not to take the next dose. They took me off it immediately.It allowed me to feel more relaxed. However, the side effect was so bad I couldn 't even attempt to do a month of treatment without possibly injuring myself.
I took 1 tab a day for 2 weeks. Blood pressure was somewhat low for me and I take blood pressure medicines.I did have very dry eyes, so my contacts were giving me problems. I stopped tabs and about third day my eyes are not near as dry. Other than drying of the eyes tablets seem to work for my allergy.
I give it a 4 - mostly for the convenience.  I went off of the pill because if I missed just one, my period would start and last for a full month.  So the patch is easier for me to remember to change.  The downside for me is that since I 've been on it (maybe half a year), several times I 've had my period come every 2 weeks.  I 'm also using birth control so that I 'm only supposed to have my period once every 4 months.  So much for that.  I think soon I will be asking to switch back.
I am 18 years old and haven 't had this for more than a month but I WOULD NEVER RECOMMEND THIS TO ANYONE!!! It works in the sense that you wont get pregnant but the pain I have from this every day is NOT worth it, I 'd much rather take the pill. The procedure was short but the pain from it was the worst thing I have ever gone through not to mention I was dizzy for the rest of the day after. I also suffer from severe cramps almost every day since then. Also it could make you completely lose your fertility and cause serious issues. If I could go back I would have never had it put in. I plan on having it removed very soon. Worst decision ever!!!
It does the job but nasty, just nasty side effects. Made me soo sick to my stomach even when taken with food.
Other than the fact that I 'm not pregnant, this medication was awful. One day after I started it, I developed small EXTREMELY itchy bumps all over my chest. Day two, those bumps turned in to hives and spread to my legs. The 3 bar rating is because I am not pregnant, but the side effects have been so awful, sleep is bad, clothes are unbearable and its been a truly awful medication.
Took this when my tolterodine (Detrol) didn 't seem to work very well. Did not work at all. Went back to toterodine, researching something better.
On average one out of every pen will not inject into my body. They only give you one extra needle and I am constantly using it with the first injection, which leaves me with no extra needles for the other three weeks.  I have gone three weeks without being able to administer the medicine because the plunger will not work. Either the needles get clogged or the plunger does not work. I am very frustrated on this medicine.
Experienced severe headaches, vaginal discharge, nausea and a metallic taste. I only took it for 2 days.
I was on Levlen for around 8 months. I started it a month before my wedding day, and because I 'm still quite young, I was really adamant about contraception. After researching about pills, i figured as long as i didnt get acne breakouts, gain weight or get hairy, it was perfect. Boy, was  I wrong! I was completely depressed, anxious and stressed the entire time, my libido was almost non-existent and i started to get cyctic acne on my face... you can imagine how all of this would affect newlyweds!! It wasnt until i had a major breakdown a month ago that I knew i had to get off Levlen ASAP! I 'm now on Femme Tab and its working fine, just waiting to see how my hormones will react!
Nexplanon was effective I am not pregnant. But the side effects are terrible. I am getting it removed in a couple days. I would have periods for at least a month or sometimes longer. I took nexplanon for a year and a half. I had some weight gain and no sex drive because I was constantly on my period. I just feel as if there are more negatives than positives with nexplanon. I wouldn 't reccomend it. Nexplanon prevents pregnancy but makes the user miserable.
Was taking it for 6 months. Side affects were bad headaches every bone joint ached and stiff. Moody depressed and memory was bad. Will be going on tamoxifen hope it 's not as bad.
Insurance would no longer cover Oseni which was working great. Suggested this one. Stomach is a mess. Was up all night wanting to throw up and with severe chills. Did keep my blood sugar between 90-120 but I just want to die.
I have had Mirena since March of 2009 (so a year and a month total). The insertion was a little painful even though I 've had 2 children. The first few months after that I thought it was great. I was getting shorter lighter periods, cramping was normal. But, over a year I started to realize my major mood swings. I went from a sweet person to raging. I started to get severe pains in my right hip and side, severe bleeding where I doubled up on the sanitaries and still bled through, no sex drive and I have had a few instances where I have lost feeling in my legs. I will have it removed. Hopefully all of this will go away and I will be back to my peachy self.
While Pristiq does work great. I wish my doctor would have warned me about how hard it would be to get off of this medicine. I am in my mid 20 's and my doctor was aware that I wanted to get pregnant in the future. I have had issues with seasonal depression and taken different anti-depressants for a 5-6 months in the past. Pristiq has been a nightmare to get off of. I have reduced the dosage as my doctor has said so that I can get pregnant in the future. But I have had horrible vomiting episodes, confusion, brain zaps, terrible muscle pain, sharp shooting pain throughout my body. Feeling disconnected. I still have not been able to get off this medicine. I wish you all the best.
Took first two pills for sinus and ear infection that I&rsquo;ve had for months. Tried holistic stuff, but Only temp relief. I used to use this all the time and never once had reactions. Most generics usually turn to rubbish, this did too. Had instantaneous stomach bloating and indigestion (took with GF cereal) skin red and itchy, and worst of all I&rsquo;ve suddenly got flu like symptoms. Feel like trash. 99.4 temp but feel like I&rsquo;m on fire. Just a little advice here at the end for sufferers of chronic sinus infections and the like. Just found out why I&rsquo;m sick all the time. IGG SUBCLASS DEFICIENCIES. I&rsquo;m prone to get sinus infections and others. Have Rhumatologist or immunologist check your immune system. Finally found out why I&rsquo;m so sickly.
I 'm 21 and joined the Skyla club four days ago and the procedure did not hurt one bit (with the use of numbing beforehand). HOWEVER the cramps afterwards were some of the worst pain I 've ever experienced. I took a muscle relaxer, cried, and laid in bed with a heating pad all day long until the pain subsided. The next day there were barely any cramps. However last night the cramps returned, they were not as painful as before but it prevented me from sleeping and they were enough to groan in pain once every 5 minutes. Today, the cramps are still there but not as bad. Im hoping the painful contraction-like cramps never return.
THE AMOUNT OF HAIR I LOST SCARED MY GRANNY. she would always tell me how much hair was i was losing was 10x more than she is losing and shes in her 80s!! ( im only 19) the pill does prevent pregnancy but tbh i can 't wait to get off of it. i was on loesterin but my insurance gave it a high deductible so i switched. i should have just paid the 210 and kept Loesterin and been perfectly fine right now. my hair loss and severe dandruff ( i had dandruff before but like it got soooo bad ) and my acne was enough to beg my gyno to switch me to something else. I 'm not even gonna bother finishing the months pack, I 'd rather get my period than lose my hair.
I use it alternating between Vicodin &amp; the Darvocet...it helps some.
Sometimes I feel relief. At other times not so much, for me it isn 't consistent in the effects I get I can honestly say but it 's better than nothing.
Fewer side effects than Depakote but nearly no benefit for migraines.
I originally started taking this years ago and couldn 't make it through the first 2 months due to the side effects. Mood swings, depression, low sex drive, etc. I decided to try this again after 4 months of being married to my husband. The first month was terrible. I was sick to my stomach every single day. I didn 't want to get out of bed and was almost in a state of depression. Month two has been better as far as nausea, but I have NO SEX DRIVE.  It 's already put a strain on my marriage. I 'm emotional, anything can make me cry, and I continue to have frequent mood swings. I took it out a couple days ago because it was time and I doubt that I 'll put it back in. I 'm a newlywed and I 'm supposed to be having lots of sex and be happy!
I 've been on this birth control just under a month now and my hair and face seem yo have gotten oily. I could go 5 days without washing my hair,now I have to wash my hair every other day. Anyone else experience this?
I started taking this as birth control about 5 months after the birth of my first child.  I am in the middle of week 7, and its not going good so far. I haven 't had any weight gain yet, however, have headaches almost everyday. Along with middle acne, and I 've been bleeding enough to use a tampon for about ten days. I 'm going to take it until the end of pack one, but being 22 with a 6 month old, attending school full time I can 't handle the bleeding, headaches, and exhaustion, if they continue!
I 've been taking Vistaril 25 mg for 3 weeks and it has not helped me what so ever. At first I felt a little less nervous but when I had to go to an assembly it kicked right back up! Now I 'm getting ready to get on Lexapro. Hopefully this drug works for me.
I have been on Nexplanon for about a year and a half now and I HATE it I 've been to my ob/gyn a couple of &amp; she convinced me to try it for a few more months I have had heavy periods and spotting along with blood clots since I received the Nexplanon. Although I am baby less it is kind of annoying walking around paranoid that 's you 're going to bleed through your clothes everyday. I will definantly be returning to my doctor to find an alternative or get my Nexplanon removed.
While it prevented pregnancy..but the side effects actually got worse over time. I started out on loestrin 24, which was great after I got used to it. Then I went on Gildess which was okay. Then my pharmacy switched me to the microgestin. It was cheaper so I stuck with it. I think I was on it for 1.5-2 years before I couldn 't stand it. I just became so insanely emotional and PMS-y. It started 2 weeks before and my period. I also had the breast tenderness and sugar cravings like crazy. The awful moodiness went away once I switched birth control. I didn 't have a lot of spotting- although I also didn 't have a period for the first 3-4 months. Had semi bad cramps during the inactive week.
Went from 75mg to 150 mg but because of side effects of being nearly stoned during the day the doctor put me a 100 mg, but had side effects as short memory problems, achiness in the middle of night and no pain relief. I am going to try another medication. Hope this helps.
I have been on and off different antidepressant meds for years.  I started Fetzima at 20 and ramped up to 160.  Couldn 't really tell much difference.  I also take 400 mg Wellbutrin twice a day and Deplin (supposed to help stuff cross the blood brain barrier).  I was only on Fetzima a few  months (3-4?) with questionable improvement.  Have now weaned completely off and now starting LIthium.  Starting with 300 mg but will eventuall be at 900 mg.  Changed Wellbutrin to name brand (NOT generic) 300 mg SR daily along with the Deplin.  I just need something to help soon.  I have been fighting this for so long, and I am almost at the end of my rope.  I have been unemployed over a year, which just adds to the stress and strain.
I 've been on Qvar 40mg 2 shots twice a day, for over 12 months. My morning cough disappeared when I first started taking Qvar,then after several months it started again. I 've also noticed that I 've been having more sinus issues and respiratory infections. Flu like symptoms. I 'm 66 and usually never get sick,but I believe Qvar has compromised my immune system. I 've also notice a lack of energy and upper back pain and muscle aches in my thighs. My voice has be affected also. I don 't know why my doctor has me twice the recommended dosage. I have early stages of emphysema. I wonder if the side effects of Qvar are worth it.....I 'm going to stop Qvar and see what happens. I tired of feeling sick and rundown.
My psychiatrist just prescribed me this medication to help me sleep at night since I have trouble sleeping, supposedly it takes 15 to 45 mins to take in effect, the only effect I got was a calming effect but wasn 't sleepy like it was intended for..therefor I became more agitated, crying for no apparent reason, and more fidgety then ever..So unfortunately I was the unfortunate one where it does not work for.
I was diagnosed with a migraine. Given  Reglan pill and ibuprofen. Didn 't really take my headache away until after I got home and time passed I was able to take my Excedrin Migraine. Not sure Reglan worked as well as the good old standby..so no need for me to fill the prescription he also gave me. One was enough..
I was on Nexplanon for 8 months. It works great preventing pregnancy, however; the side effects for me at least were, and still are horrid. I had it removed 4 months ago and I am currently still coping with the side effects. I never once had a period nor spotting while on Nexplanon, I did however have headaches, migraines, horrific mood swings, no sex drive, no motivation, depression, cramping, and arm pain. Now 4 months after removal I still suffer from these same side effects only add on severe cramping without having a period, in and out of hospitals for chronic nausea, ovarian cysts, and stuff doctors haven 't even been able to pin point. It 's not worth it.. Use condoms!
I went to an Urgent Care facility in CA, because of this abnormal rash I had on my arms, chest, back, &amp; back of neck including scalp.It was scabies, I was told to use the permethrin cream (2 applications 7 days apart) apply from neck to soles of feet each time. I followed all the proper precautions &amp; although quite a bit of it has cleared up my left arm &amp; back of my neck are still itching/burning and red and raw looking (not as much as before). I 've also been using the bed bug spray on my mattress back at home &amp; I wash my sheets every night w/ hot water &amp; high heat dry cycle for hour &amp; 30 mins. My scalp still itches &amp; my neck let 's out a watery liquid after a night of scratching. Using  Zyrtec for allergic reaction no improvement. No insurance.
I had the Mirena inserted 10/30/16. The doctor had trouble getting it in &amp; it was an incredibly painful experience because I have never given birth and my uterus is retroverted (tilted back.)A couple days after I had it inserted, I started my period. I am currently on day #17, and I 've had cramps for every day of it. Some days it seems to slow down and I think it 's about to stop, but then it becomes heavy again.I bought a heating pad a couple days ago and it really helps to relieve some of the pain. However, it has also made my flow much heavier. (Maybe this will speed up the process?) I 'm willing to wait until I 've had it for six months. Hopefully the end will justify the means and I 'll have five years of worry-free birth control.
Day two of taking the higher dose of trulicity I was so ill , my breath smelt like poop and I kept burping with the most awful eggy/ pooey breath , later that night I was violently sick and it smelt again like poop and looked liked it . I 've never been sick with what looked like should have come out the other end . Just started on lower dose today so hopefully don 't get side affects like that again .
Controlled blood sugar fairly well, but I 'm going bald using this medication. I know that others have noticed thinning hair while on it, but other medicines have not caused such dramatic hair loss.
I am new to having to use insulin, and I hate injections. While this lantus works well to control my blood sugar, twice now, the pen has lock up with 30 units of insulin remaining. Forcing me to open a new pen and inject myself a second time to complete the prescribed dosage, this along with the loss now of 60 units of medication is very annoying.
I just finished my third pack of the pills and overall, I have gained weight, my acne got worse, but in all honesty, I have been eating pure sh*t while on the pill and even before so I can 't really say if the acne and weight gain came from taking the pill. I also got migraines and felt nauseous sometimes. I did not get the pill to prevent pregnancy because I 'm not having sex at all lol I just got on the pill to regulate my period and so far, it is doing that.
I 'm 48 years old and had the Mirena for 4 years now, it totally stopped my period and I was very pleased due to heavy bleeding. I have had dizziness, weight gain, and lots of acne, hair loss etc. I 'm getting it removed a year early. It took a toll on my body, but everybody is effected in different ways.
Made my feet swell
My daughter is 11 years old and she has been on 10mg of strattera for 28 days and has just jumped to 18mg. My concerns are the side effects. Skin rash, headaches and severe stomach cramps since going onto the higher dosage. Do I persist or take her off? Doctor wants me to persist but I am worried I am doing more harm. She battles to fall asleep taking pill at 6pm and in bed at 8:15pm. She cried every morning because she is tired. Should I be taking it in the morning?
Just didn 't work.
It worked well with the first dose, but the sinus headache, rubbery limb feeling, and upper respiratory scratchiness make it not worth taking.
Simponi felt like it was working the first 2 months. But my flare ups are still monthly and today after 6 months, my doctor said I am getting worse, and is taking me off Simponi. I am 53, have rheumatoid arthritis since 2007.
Second time trying this pill first time was awesome no periods at all but this time around (2 years later)  I 'm having breakthrough bleeding and I 'm noticing I 'm more moody than usual. I 'm going to finish my pack off, I don 't like it so then I 'm going to try something different
I started taking Lyza because of my high blood pressure. I have been taking it now for 3 months. Everything was normal until this month. Normally, my cycle would last about 4 to 5 days with little to no cramps or bloating. I 'm in my 3rd month and I have been bleeding for 14 days straight. This is not normal for me. I can do 7, but 14 days is to long. What is wrong with this pill?
My doctor took me off my pump because I was doing so well.  We began with 10 units.  I am now on 30 units after increasing over 4 month period.  I am beginning to see some improvement but I am going to increase some more.  I have used Novolog with better results.  I have switched doctors and hope to go to a different injector pen to keep me of a pump.
I just started taking Latuda, and have found it makes me very sleepy, I 'm wondering if I should take it at night instead of the morning.   I was on Wellbutrin but had to be taken off because of extreme anxiety and emotionality.
I took Alesse for a couple of years and liked it so well that I stopped taking oral contraceptives entirely when it went off the market. But for the sake of convenience I wanted to start again, and I assumed that inexpensive Aviane, the generic for Alesse, would be the same. Either it isn 't or my body chemistry has changed. I 've felt some occasional mood swings, but worse, my periods last for at least a week, and mid-cycle, my breasts are so tender and sore that I can 't stand to go running. I think it 's time to switch.
When I started taking it 4 months ago I was a beautiful and happy 41 yr old.  Now, I have horrible cystic acne, I cry nonstop and I 've had some type of bleeding at least 70 of the last 90 days. Technically, it has not decreased my libido, but who wants to have sex when you are feeling the above? I can 't wait to see my doctor next week and come up with another option! For me I think it will need to be non-hormonal.
I 've been prescribed 200 mg of zoloft daily and I think thats excessively too much - any opinions? I 'm also on 2mg xanax 4 times a daily for panic attacks which works well. I was on Ativan 2mg 3 of them for night terrors  which worked well but they took them off me and gave me 200 mg of  zoloft! I was always told 100 mg was a max on zoloft  but the nurse practitioner seems to know more than my doc cause he was out and she was filling in! So next month I 'm getting my ativan back and going back to 100 mg of zoloft.
I had been using this cream for several years, and it helped lengthen the time between hair removal. Then, it stopped working. I 'm not sure if I built up a tolerance to it, but it was like I wasn 't using it at all. So, I took a break for about 10 months and just started using it again. I 'm hoping it will start working again. If not, I don 't know what I 'm going to do. :(
Unfortunately I believe that Vimovo may have caused severe gastrointestinal problems. SEVERE Heartburn, diahhrea, nausea, bloating, bad taste in mouth.
I have been taking this for about two months now because I needed to regulate my period and it did its trick for that. The only part I didn 't like about it was how emotional I got a couple of days before my period, I was bawling for no reason. The final reason on why I decided to switch was because I got really angry.
After taking 2 tablets I developed an impacted bowel that didn 't respond to soft gels. The pain from this was terrible and finally relieved by taking a Fleets enema.
I was on Apri for probably little over a year, and my side effects started progressively getting worse. I went from being nice to instant bad for no reason. My migraines got worse (almost every day) and sex drive went way down. I just got off this pill and went on Loestrin.
I 've now had 2 depo shots. About 4 weeks into my second shot and I 've been bleeding now for 14 days. It 's weak but just isn 't stopping. It 's not painful but more annoying than anything. Experiencing ongoing mood swings and gained 5kg in first 2months with no other change to diet/exercise. Unsure if I need to keep taking the shot to let my body adjust or to stop now. Have read stories of getting pregnant later can be much harder after depo too. Lots of uncertainty, wish I had researched more before starting and perhaps tried the iud first.
I had abdominal myomectomy several years ago. Unfortunately, my fibroids returned with a vengeance and I had heavy bleeding from the fibroids. My cycle was so heavy last summer that I went to the ER. After my ER visit, my doctor put me on Lysteda. It worked very well for the first 3-4 months. Then, my cycles were heavy again. My doctor suggested Lo Loestrin FE. I started taking these in mid-March on the first day of my cycle. Today is July 27 and I have had my period almost EVERYDAY since mid-March.  My doctor said that I have to give my body at least 6-9 months to adjust to the pills. The upside is that I am not experiencing any of the &quot;normal&quot; side effects.  No nausea, acne, tender breasts, weight gain, etc. I just want a couple of weeks without spotting or full on bleeding.
This thing is burning me up! I thought I was having an allergic reaction. Third day and I am on fire! Worse than the yeast itself. Hope I don 't any issues after. Took a shower minutes after. Try something else. This is simply torture. Felt better knowing I was not alone though.
This medication took the pain away but kept me very awake. When I came off of the medicine, I had horrible headaches! 
I had my first migraine at age 19 and am now almost 45. They have changed as I have aged. They are worse now than ever before. Topamax has left me with side effects which do NOT include weight loss. I might be more willing to hang in there if I lost a few pounds. I am still having migraines on 75 mg per day, I am depressed, anxious and just scattered. I hate the way I feel and therefore am going back to the doctor to talk about coming off the drug. I am taking more Relpax than ever before even after about 6 months on Topamax. I wish it worked for me because migraines interfere with my life.
I started Loestrin 24 to regulate my periods. But I didn 't like being on the pill, I gained weight, had mood swings, and lost my sex drive. I always felt bloated and it was so uncomfortable. The only good thing that came from taking this pill was that after I stopped taking it my periods stayed consistent.
Pataday seemed to do the trick for a few weeks, but after a month or so, I developed conjunctivitis.  I thought perhaps I was sick and continued using the eye drops, but over time, my conjunctivitis worsened.
The burn is so intense that I will not be completing the dose. Will switch to oral Diflucan.
It does the job but nasty, just nasty side effects. Made me soo sick to my stomach even when taken with food.
I am 21 years old and have 1 baby boy. I have had my Mirena for about a year now. Insertion did hurt, like someone was pinching me. Since I have had the Mirena I have not had a single spot of blood. That is what I love about the Mirena. Unfortunately, it has made me feel nauseous practically everyday, my anxiety has gotten terrible. I have anxiety attacks over pretty much anything. My hair falls out worse then it ever has before. My acne has started up. I feel bloated a lot of the time. I am depressed. I got stabbing pains where it 's out quite often. It hurts very bad. I get constant headaches everyday. I plan on getting it removed in the near future. 
Used for approximate 1 month. Experienced restless nights, increased emotion-i.e. Felt I was going to cry over silly things that wouldn 't normally make me emotional, mood swings, increased anxiety, headaches, and increased agitation. I 'm very intune with my body and didn 't feel like myself. I felt like I was &quot; PMSing&quot; the entire month. Was prescribed Ortho-Tricylcen-Lo- however my insurance only covered generics and substitutes a &quot; similar &quot; product. No similar really- with the exception of both being labeled as birth control. Switching ASAP. I rated it a &quot;3&quot; because ultimately it did its job, and I did not get pregnant.
This is the worst form of birth control I have ever taken. I am currently on Nexplanon and I started taking sprintec with it because I had irregular menstrual cycles. Although it did get the job done as far as somewhat regularating my cycle, the side effects were TERRIBLE. I constantly felt nauseous and ill, I literally had headaches on a daily basis. I also started to gain more weight, feel depressed, and had very bad anxiety. I do not recommend this birth control to anyone!
Prescribed in tandem with Effexor for suicidal depression. Useful initially for sleep and anxiety reduction, but no noticeable effect on depression. Side effects hard to tolerate: significant weight gain (15 pounds in 6 weeks); excessive sedation during daytime; sore, dry eyes; stomach pains; bladder pains and trouble urinating; coordination problems. Overall, feel &quot;toxic&quot;. Could deal with this if drug was effective, but I 'm tapering off it asap. Would not wish to discourage anyone who might benefit from taking this medication, but side effect profile is not fun.
Was on name brand Loestrin 24 when it came out 10 years ago. Switched over to name brand Minastrin chewables since that was the replacement Loestrin. I had no issues or side effects, get my period every so often and it would be very light. Switched insurance at it was $425 for a pack!!! So I called my doctor asking for a generic version and was prescribed Blisovi. The ingredients are identical, but I 've been on it a month and a half and have gained 6 pounds. I follow a strict low carb diet and am celiac, so I am able to maintain my weight. Despite what I eat or drink, The weight is piling on and I have been spotting every other week. I 've been on BCP for 10 years, you 'd think I 'd be pretty consistent.
This made me very tired. Definitely helps if you have insomnia, but makes it pretty much impossible to have a normal day 's worth of activity. If you try to force yourself to wake up early, you will be rewarded with dizziness, headache, and overwhelming fatigue. A good sleep, but didn 't really help my depression.
I didn 't have a good experience with dorzolamide. It burned intensely during application, and after a few days caused very red, itchy, sticky eyes with yellowish discharge, almost like pinkeye. I always had to stop using it after a few days.
I got this shot about two years ago. I was told by the urologist that it was a one month shot. I had the shot becaue we wanted some time to research and decide what treatment would be best. Found out later that it was a 3 month shot! Suffered severe side effects! PSA dropped from 13 to 7, but the side effects were NOT worth it! Hot flashes with some of them causing me to nearly pass out were often (20  a day), memory problems, muscle/joint pain and on and on!Once, while teaching I suddenly didn 't know where I was or what I was doing!After radiation I was recently put on Trelstar on a MONTHLY basis, nearly the same side effects but NOT the really bad ones!
At first, I loved the depo shot. I got 6 weeks after giving birth and I haven 't had a period since, which is wonderful. Unfortunately, my appetite increased greatly and I ended up gaining so much weight that I 'm back to wearing maternity clothes because none of my clothes fit. I weigh as much as I did at 40 weeks pregnant and I 've only been on the shot for 7 months. My next shot is scheduled for next month, but I am switching back to a pill. I have always been thin and I feel like someone else in my heavier body. If you don 't mind weight gain, it 's a great option. But the weight gain is too much for me.
Made me very dizzy and lightheaded.
This drug is OK for short term but long term after second car accident severe stomach pain.  I would take it and stomach would start making noise.  Horrible nausea follow,  researched and found it is cheapest muscle relaxers.  My opinion there is bad stuff in those things, currently taking Soma and no side effects even when taken for same time frame: taken longer too.
On this drug now and I feel awful! Was seriously considering going to ER. I have extreme nausea, tingling in my hands, dizziness, stomach pain, sore throat and my eyes are red and dry. I will never take this again for a UTI.
I had this birth control in for about 6 months. Getting the birth control in doesn 't hurt a bit, mine bruised pretty bad afterwards. I spotted for about 3 and a half weeks after I got nexplanon put in my arm and have not bled since! I did though have CRAZY mood swings and always felt really bad and said sorry after but that doesn 't make it okay. I was so so irritable and annoyed at every single thing. I was so unmotivated when this was in my arm, I went to the gym 4 times in 6 months and I used to go everyday before. I was tired all the time and felt exhausted after 4 hours of work! Lastly, I was hungry, to the point of feeling sick, every 3 hours if I didn 't eat! I didn 't bleed after the first month, but it wasn 't worth it for me!
I have had trouble falling asleep for years. Prosom works well for me. My doctor wanted me to start alternating so I do not build up a tolerance so last night I tried 15mg of belsomra . In my opinion it is NOT for the people who cannot FALL asleep. I felt very tired(a natural tired, yawning like crazy) my body wanted to fall asleep but as usual my brain was not having it. After 1 1/2 hours of laying trying to    fall asleep, I took the one last xanex I had and fell asleep 20 minutes later. I did however sleep soundly and wanted to sleep longer when I woke to my alarm. I had no side effects but I do feel tired starting my work day but the tiredness is wearing off. This may be worth a try for people who cant stay asleep.
Not happy. After 5 injections of 300mg, only 20% cleared. Still with Redness and thickness. Itching reduced somewhat.
Got switched to this after being on Aptiom (which made me crazy). I 'm having less seizures, but it 's like my brain is shrinking. My memory has gotten worse, which is saying something. I can 't think of the simplest words sometimes, like I 'm losing part of my vocabulary. I haven 't had any emotional issues. I feel back to myself in that respect, but like every other medicine it will work for a while then I will slowly start having more frequent seizures. This is lasting longer than my others, but it feels like it 's not just keeping my neurons from over-firing. It feels like my brain is shutting down slowly. Idk what to do about it.
This is my second  post. I took the once weekly shot for 12 weeks. At week 9 I started having diarrhea. The &quot;get to the bathroom fast&quot; kind. Also had sulfur burps. I did not take the 13th shot when it was due 4 days ago, per Drs order, to see of diarrhea would stop. It hasn 't. How long does this stay in your system? I wish I had never started this medication.
I took Lexapro for 3 months at 10mg to treat bipolar disorder type I. I noticed a slight change in my mood, but not significant. I discontinued this medication due to nausea and trouble achieving orgasm.
I was on Yaz for about a year and decided to try the generic because of the cost of Yaz (about $60 a month, but had to pay $180 upfront for 90 day prescriptions). They gave me Loryna and I 've only been on it for 3 weeks and I 'm feeling miserable! I have extreme fatigue, irritability, moodiness and a little breast pain. I know they say to give the pill 2-3 months to work but I don 't know if I can handle another 2 more months of these emotions. I 've tried A LOT of generic bc pills in the last 5 years since they discontinued the one I was on and I 've had problems on all of them. Sometimes those generic &quot;inactive&quot; or &quot;filler&quot; ingredients really do have an impact, be careful and wary of your side effects!! I 'm going back on the brand Yaz.
I have been on this pill for 16 days now. Despite the fact that I have only taken this pill 16 times, I have noticed drastic negative changes in myself. I can assure you that I am not exaggerating my experiences with this pill when I describe it, however, I wish that were the case...Physical Changes I have experienced while taking Lutera:-Painful, nasty-looking acne on my face, back, and shoulders (I have NEVER had acne in my 19 years of life)-Weight gain in my abdominal area and shoulders (I have not weighed myself because I am terrified to do so, since it has been that drastic) -Constant hunger that is difficult for me to control-I have my period 2 weeks sooner than I should this month
My 2 1/2 year old son took this because of Hives/Welts. It helped with the itching but thats it. It made him very hyper.
After I take this drug for a period of time it makes me just as depressed.  Also tend to get a little short with people.
I started this method about 8 months ago. I hate it. No change in acne, but weight gain, headaches, horrible heavy crampy periods, intense mood swings. I 'm switching soon.On the good side: I 'm not pregnant so yay there and I know exactly when Hell Week (last 7 days always) starts and ends.
I got Skyla inserted when I was twenty years old. I had a very irregular period, and was told that Skyla would help regulate it. I got the IUD inserted 6 May 2015, and now 4 December 2015, I 'm still bleeding.  I have days where the bleeding is very light, and I have days where the bleeding is heavy. I have terrible cramping, I even stayed home from class sometimes because of the pain. I 'm seriously considering getting the IUD removed. I have to buy two boxes of pads (28 count) every month. I definitely do not believe this birth control is worth it.
I switched to this pill from Necon 1/35 to try and improve my acne in addition to birth control. I tried it for 2 months.Side effects I noticed: tired and it felt hard to get out of bed (very unlike me!), faint tension headaches across my forehead, acne breakouts on my chest and face, ravenously hungry at times, and then no appetite (haven 't gained any weight, may have lost a pound or two), slightly sore but much larger breasts, decreased sex drive but not as low as while on Necon 1/35.I have decided to try a new pill because of these side effects. This pill was meant to help my acne but it seems to have made it worse, and feeling tired all the time with headaches isn 't tolerable for me since I am very active.
As I was on Abilify, this drug is worse for me.  I 'm so tired, I feel like I have bricks on my feet.  I 'm only taking 1 mg as an add-on to my Lexapro 20mgs.  I 'm not eating well still, but I am sleeping through the night.  I just can 't wake up.. at all... this just wont due, I can 't function.
I 've been on this Heather daily pill for one month and a half and I 'm not really liking it. I 've been getting my period EVERY week for 3 days. And it 's even worse that it starts on Thursdays which means I 'm on it over the weekend. I 'm just going to finish the rest of this month 's pills and if it doesn 't get better I 'm switching to something else.
I am on Buspar and 5 milligrams once a day I feel that if I take it all at once and it does not work I am so lost because I can 't stand this dizziness nausea in my stomach my feet feel like they 're falling out from underneath me I really am lost the doctor wants me to stay on it but I do not want to up it because I feel like I keep going through these side effects over and over again every day due to the fact of it being Half-Life what do I do from here
I have been on this for a month and have had a horrible experience with my mood change, I have always been a happy person, and now for the last week I am so depressed and I am constantly feeling a nervous feeling in my gut, like anxiety. I had a baby 2 months ago, and even through my pregnancy never felt any mood swings or depression. I talked to my doctor and have decided to stop this birth control. Hope it 'll fix this sad feeling.
I have had fibromyalgia with chronic depression for years. Started Cymbalta two weeks ago. I was very lightheaded and dizzy at first. I continued on. I am at two weeks now 30 mg per day. I sure can feel when I need my dose the pain is unbelievable when it comes back. I am looking forward to bumping my dose to 60 mg per day. I am keeping my fingers crossed. Good luck to all of you out there I hope this is a miracle drug for all of us.
Had 1 t-7 fracture due to the Osteoporosis. Recently had the reclast infusion and it is awful. Flu like symptoms no way, much much worse. I literally was incapacitated. The pain everywhere in my bones, joints, hips even my fingers. I feel my doctors were not honest with me on how I would or could really feel. On the positive though I hope in one year my bone density and bone mass will have improved. I don 't want another fracture.
I just started this pill a few weeks ago after going off the Nuva ring, which had terrible side effects as well. At first the pill was fine, I didn 't notice anything off. And then about a week after taking it the bloating, nausea, and cramps came back. It is summer time and its not a time anyone likes being bloated. I don 't know why I get this side effect but I wish I could find a form of birth control that didn 't have these side effects for me.
I have to say that metronidazole is a horrible antibiotic as far as side effects go especially when one has to go to work.  I experienced a lot of dizziness, migraines, muscle pain even in my heart, jittery and drowziness.  I 'm sure flagyl is the same.  Next time I 'm asking not to get this prescribed my doctor.  Better yet take it off the shelf.
I 've recently suffered a relationship breakdown. My anxiety eventually spiralled out of control to the point I walked out of my job, life &amp; all &quot;responsibilities&quot; to return home like a child.  OCD negative thoughts, inability to go 2 days without crying, constant fear of anxiety returning, weight loss and inability to sleep / function basically LIVE!! I was SO scared of the horror stories but at rock bottom there 's nowhere but up right? I have been on 5mg for 4 days now. Taking it before bed. First night very nauseous, the next day feeling tired, teary &amp; &quot;distracted&quot;. However, I have noticed a general improvement in my mood after 4 days. A good day yesterday and terrible today. BUT! I 'm persevering. Thanks all for positive stories. :o)
Horrible vomited all night became dehydrated needed iv fluids next day
Hey all. I began this birth control around November. Insertion was awful; I threw up and passed out. It depends on the person though! I 'm not a huge fan of this birth control. It made intercourse painful in certain positions. It did increase my sex drive a lot though. My skin is now a disaster, I 'm pretty sad about that. I 'm excessively tired all the time. I 've gained 30 pounds out of the blue. I dunno guys, this birth control just wasn 't for me and I 'm switching back to the pill.
I have had a small improvement with sulfazine, but unfortunately I started having severe ringing in the ears after 6 months, also it gave me pain in my achilles tendon and calves at night.   Keep in mind that I had the pain side effect also with cholestrol medications, but not the ringing in the ears.
I 've been on Lexapro for about a month and a half now (10/mg). I have not had any differences with my depression or anxiety. In fact my anxiety is still bad. It also makes me crave food that I 'm not a huge fan of. Very confusing.
I have taken Singulair or the generic Montelukast for almost 2 decades now and have had excellent results on the drug. I almost cannot tell I have asthma while taking the medication, provided I am not exposed to cigarette, wildfire, or any other form of smoke.  However, I want to share that I have had the experience now of taking three U.S. generics that I did not have excellent results on.  Within about 30 days of starting the generic in each case, I began experiencing asthma symptoms as if I were taking either a placebo or nothing at all.  Only one generic that I have found thus far has been as effective for me as the brand name medication, and the generic has unfortunately been discontinued by my pharmacy.
I 'm a 47 year old female.  Dr. gave me the free packet that works up from 20mg to 80mg.  Took it for only about 3 weeks and then quit.  Did not notice any help with ADHD, although I may not have given it long enough.  However, the side effects were: increase in blood pressure, feeling my heart beating hard, sleepiness, getting winded very quickly from just walking less than a block.  This medicine is not for me.  Even though it is not a stimulant, it seemed to affect my cardiovascular system, and the symptoms were just not worth it.
My Ob suggest Mirena only because it wouldn 't make me gain weight.  It went in on Nov 2016 and the procedure was quick and not painful. I am 29 with two kids, c section both. I bled for almost 3 months. I kept calling the nurses and they kept telling to give it more time for my body to adjust. After 6 month I kept spotting randomly, finally 8 month into it decide to take it out, come to find out my uterus was inflamed and reject it and that why I was bleeding too much. I hope there is no permanent damage to my uterus.
Well, the Ella tablet worked for me, but that&rsquo;s pretty much the only reason why I&rsquo;m giving it any stars. The side effects were HORRIBLE. Absolutely horrible.I felt fine the first day I took it, but days 2-5 were a mess. I believe it has such horrible side effects because it is comprised of the same chemical structure as the abortion pill, it just acts on your ovaries instead of the endometrium. My ovaries HURT. I felt a pulling sensation on my uterus the entire time which made it extremely hard to sleep. I got all of the same symptoms that I did when I was pregnant last year- fatigue, nausea, aversion to smells, loss of appetite, sore boobs, v painful uterus, numbness in legs and feet, dizziness. I also kept missing turns and exits while driving, which I never do- especially in my own town.I felt like I was dying with the flu the whole time the medication was active in my system, and then suddenly, at 2am on day 6, all of my symptoms spontaneously ended in an instant. It was really strange. But I have a giant ovarian cyst now along with my period. I&rsquo;m never taking this med again. I have taken Plan B in the past with no issues.
It seems now to not be working as well with my depression as it did 2 1/2 months ago. My psych upped the dose from 3 mg. to 6 about 8 days ago and I still feel depressed.  Has anyone else experienced Vraylar pooping out on them?
Alesse was the first type of birth control I 've ever taken and I experienced many negative side effects. When I first started it, I had severe back pain, headaches,  and mood swings. After a week or two these symptoms subsided but I began to feel depressed--this feeling went on for about a month and worsened whenever I drank alcohol. In total, I was on this pill for two cycles before I decided to switch. That being said, everyone is different! If Alesse doesn 't work for you, there are probably others that will.
Today is my 3rd day on medication. I was prescribed it for social anxiety (despite being a beautiful 6 '2 male with no reason to be anxious about appearance) generalized anxiety and panic attacks. Talking to people in malls, convenience stores and being around large groups of people frighten me. I havent noticed much of a difference other than lack of sleep, crazy amazing lucid dreams for the first two nights and my jaw clenching. So far no effect on anxiety and took a benzo because Im feeling restless but still feeling restless right now. I pray this works as Im unable to work now due to my anxiety. Ive always had anxiety but after having mono for 2 months it has spiraled completely out of control. I will update this soon. Please work!
Tried Viibryd about 3 years ago after trying several other anti-depressants over many years, with very little long-term benefit from any of them (Prozac, Lexapro...) After being on it for about 2 months, I forgot to take it one night, and had the worst nightmare of my life; the impact was more like a vision or prophesy. Decided after that to wean myself off, and cut pills in half. For each time I cut the dose, there was another horrendous nightmare. Was very relieved to be done with it.
I did three months of this, and it was awful. I had previously been on Jolessa which I loved, but wanted a monthly period due to the bad cramps when I finally got my period after 3 months. However, with Sronyx, I noticed I was a lot moodier, crying a lot, spotting a few days before I was even on the placebo pills. Also, I kept getting UTI after UTI which did not happen at all with Jolessa. My anxiety sky rocketed and if anything, I 've lost weight due to not being hungry and feeling nauseous when I do eat. I weigh 108 normally, and I 've lost 5 pounds since Saturday.  I stopped for a long time and didn 't finish my pack due to the UTI pain, so I decided to finish it to see if I had the same symptoms. And yep, everything is back besides the UTI
I was prescribed Macro bid for a bladder infection. After I took the 2nd pill, I got severe shortness of breath, chest pain, high fever and diarrhea. Although not as bad as the first day, the symptoms continued into the second day of taking them. On the 3rd day, out of the blue, my vision was blurred/impeded by what I can only describe as bursts of light/sunbursts for about 20 minutes followed by severe headache and fatigue. Very scary! My bladder feels a bit better so I decided to stop the medication after only 3 days. Will ask the doctor for something else with less side effects if it continues.
It made my &quot;down side&quot; not go as deep, but I felt like I could not leave the house - I didn 't want to.  No visitors - didn 't want any. Since I 'm a very social person my friends and family were concerned. My &quot;up side was better - I wasn 't POed all the time and the thought racing slowed way down. Not the best experience, but better than the whole trip down the rabbit hole it would have been.
I 've been taking Tri-Sprintec for 2 weeks now. I 've lost my appetite, I 've had bloating, diarrhea, nausea, vomiting and I 'm very moody. I thought I just ate something bad but after reading the reviews from other girls, I think it 's the birth control and I think I 'm going to stop taking this birth control.
I 've always suffered from migraines. I take 500 ER twice a day and gained 16lbs in less than 3 weeks. Since I 'm already overweight this caused severe back pain in which I can barely walk and my legs are numb. Works wonders for my migraine but the side effects aren 't worth it!
I am on my second pack of Sprintec. Doctor prescribed for polycystic ovarian syndrome. Having terrible breast pain  all day long. Nights are even more terrible. Now changing my medication to another birth control pill once this pack is over. She told me not to change medication in between one cycle. So bearing pain. My periods have got regular and skin feels better. No special feeling for sex but for sure no fluid ....very dry.
Paxil helped me a great deal.  Took around 6 weeks to work but well worth the wait.  I feel like a new person, highly recommended.
I took  clindamycin for two days before my extraction of my wisdom tooth and then  two days after, I had some heart burn feeling and I was taking it with food. I 'm tired of taking antibiotics and have to deal with the aftermath of flora being screwed up in my system for weeks. So, I decided to stop taking it. I went to my MD and they gave me something equally strong and effective,  but gentle on the digest system.
While LEVITRA was effective for erectile dysfunction, I experienced abdominal cramps causing me to discontinue it use.
I started Effexor XR about a year ago. Within a month I developed an excessive sweating condition, which my family, friends, and others noticed and commented on. Many of my new blouses got discolored sweat stains on the neck, which would not be removed by pre-treating or washing. I could no longer exercise without having a major debilitating sweat, which would take at least 20 minutes to recover from.  I started Cymbalta yesterday, and tonight I was able to walk for 1/2 hour with my husband, with only normal sweat.
(I 'm 21, no kids, with IUD-1 year, 5 months) As the Dr. inserted the Skyla, let 's just say it was the worst pain I 've ever felt in my life, he had to cut out scar tissue for some reason that I don 't know, while awake and felt everything! After insertion I had the worst cramps for the first view months. Dr had told me at about 6 months if I notice I don 't have a period, to not worry. My period stopped at 7/8 months started once more after that and then nothing. I will bend over and I feel a pain in my uterus, or in other ways, I feel it all the time. I read an article where a woman at 23, had to get a hysterectomy because the IUD grew to her endometrium, which is scary, b/c I want lots of kids. So I decided to get it removed very soon!
Didn 't do anything but make me tired.. started at 15mg and went all the way up to 60mg with no improvement.
It is better than nothing. But Xanax works much better. My previous dr in another city prescribed Xanax. I took it as needed for about 20 yrs. It kicked in almost immediately so I only took it when a bad situation occurred. I never became dependent or addicted. Current dr (different location) refuses to prescribe Xanax &amp; will only let me have Tranxene.   Since it doesn 't kick in quickly I have to take it in anticipation of the occurrence of a bad situation. So I take it every day 1st thing when I get up so it will be in my system by the time I get to work. So I take more of it &amp; it works less well than Xanax. More drs need to know that Xanax is not really addictive &amp; it works far better than Tranxene.
Well, I initially went on his birth control to regulate my hormones - lots of breakouts lately and moodswings. I 've been on the patch, ortho-triclen-lo and yaz before - all of them I had bad side effects with. I can say for sure Nora-Be calmed my breakouts and moodswings which is great....but it definitely gave me a heavy period, bloating, fatigue, depression, aloofness, itchy/dryness, and tender breasts. The pros do not outweigh the cons in this case so I will be going off. Also, I just read about the ovarian cyst side effects...not worth it!
I 've been on LoLo for 6 months now and it 's been great up until recently. At first I loved it because my periods were lighter, no cramping, no weight gain. There were a couple moments of nausea and sore boobs within in the first couple months, but that 's pretty normal. Last month I noticed some breakthrough bleeding which was annoying, but not a huge deal. This month has been absolute hell. I got my period about 5 days before I started my placebos, then a week into my new pack I started another period again. To top it off, about 5 days after that period ended...I started bleeding again. Needless to say, I 'll be making an appointment to switch this birth control.
Suprep definitely cleared me out; however, this was the worst experience I have ever had with colonoscopy prep. To start, this concoction tastes HORRIBLE. It was like a mouthful of grape flavored salt water. Each dose was 16 oz of pure hell. Secondly, this cleanser gave me chills and nausea. I will NEVER be using this prep again.
I have had chronic back pain for around 5 years and didn 't start receiving treatment until 2 years ago when the pain was already out of control. I got a new Auto CPAP last week as well as started taking Lyrics 75mg twice a day and I already notice a difference. So far my appetite has decreased.  The first 3 days I was only taking one a day and incredibly tired having to take naps on my lunch hour. The extra sleepiness has subsided substantially even while increasing the dose. It has not been a week yet but I can feel a difference.  The numbness,  tingling and muscle spasms that keep me awake or start by the time I get out of bed have decreased as well as the pain.  I 'm looking forward and hoping it works out.
I am 17 and have been on Depo for 3 months. I started off with no side effects for the first 3 weeks, until I was late for my period by 2 weeks, then when I eventually had my period I have been spotting for the last 6 weeks. Which is really becoming annoying and making me feel depressed. I haven 't lost my sex drive, but I have had major mood swings and sore breasts for the past 2 months. I feel as though I will keep using Depo for the next 2 shots and see if anything changes, because overall I feel as though minus the spotting it is beneficial.
I have inserted for a year now was excited about getting it because its a birth control that last for 3 years with no worries becoming pregnant. and I also have trouble with gaining weight...I 'm very under weight for my age which is another reason why I got it...but unfortunately it does not work for everyone the same way. Good thing I 'm not pregnant but haven 't gained a pound, and my periods have became normal but stays on a little longer before, I have gotten acne and a little mood swings that 's about it ...I will recommend it  but like I said as far as becoming pregnant it works but all the other side effects you may get them and you may not
I have been on Levothyroxin for four years.  I have no thyroid.  I have gained 60 pounds.  I am angry about the weight gain.  I have absolutely no energy when I used to have too much.  The major problem that I found with this drug is that it gives me bad heart burn.  I also have heart palpitations.  The doctor claims my levels are where they should be and refuse to switch me to anything else.
I have been on the pill for about 3 weeks now and I recently started getting some side effects. My breasts are really sore (hurting) and they feel really tender. I feel bloated and I even look bloated. I also noticed I get really nauseated at night. Also my contact lenses just recently started bothering me. They are getting dry and they feel like I have something in my eyes but I don 't. My face has cleared up though! I just really hope these bad side effects don 't last too long cause it really sucks and my body doesn 't feel the same! :(
I have endometriosis and my doctor wants me to continuously use this with 3-4 breaks per year to minimize the endometrial growth. I had terrible nausea and bad acne in the beginning, not to mention I spotted for a month straight and then bleed a period flow for another month. Taking this pill before bedtime helped with the nausea. I 've been taking this pill for 4 months now and have gained 5-10lbs, the acne is still bad ( I 'm 34 and no longer had it before apri ) oh and my libido is non existent since taking this medication. I figured it wouldn 't happen to me since I had a very strong libido but it is now gone. I 'm going to ask my doctor to change this medication.
Wow, I had a bizarre eperience with this medicine. I took it at 11AM. About an hour later, I developed a headache. Then an hour later I started having diarrhea. I began to feel giddy and very happy and hyper, restless, couldn 't sit down, thought I was having the most amazing day ever - euphoric-type feeling. Then, as I went to bed, I turned off the lights and I began having bizarre, vivid hallucinations of elephants and ladybugs on my ceiling. Immediately, I decided I was no longer going to try this medicine! Too weird!!! I called my dr. and I 'm going back on citalopram instead. But i know zoloft helps a lot of people too, just its not for me...
I broke my tailbone and was constipated because of it. Because it hurt too bad to try and poop. So i decided to take dulcolax,  i took 2. It definitely works. But terrible terrible pain is followed. I did not have any dairy all i had was water and a bit of broth. This isn 't me being dramatic it was the worst pain I 've been in ..in a very long time. And i gave natural birth. Just like many other people i had cramps, sweating, and felt as if i would vomit but didnt. And towards 4am my anus felt like it  was spitting out lava. Im never taking this again. Sticking to apple juice which takes longer to work but works without the pain.
I took this medication for about 3 months and it did relieve my severe depression but the side effects became unbearable for me and I had to change to another SSRI.  This medicine caused headaches, salty dry mouth, insomnia, muscle twitching, nausea, dizziness and a feeling of emptiness.
Prescribed by doctor since I am allergic to sulfa meds. Developed horrible mouth soreness that is so bad I can 't drink or eat much, like I was eating hot peppers ! Urine on treatment day 9 hadn 't changed
I have been using Seasonale for about two years now. I have gained about 20lb, I get dizzy sometimes, headaches all the time, and I get break through bleeding about half way through my pills. After a few days of spotting I get my period. Still painful and lasts the whole 7 days just like before. No heavier and no lighter. I plan to try something else as soon as I can.
Been on and off anti depressants for 10 years (still can 't believe it). Tried Paxil and currently take 10 mg of Lexapro.  Still do not feel well.  I find running helps me more than anything but I fear the day the running is too much. I 'm 40 and in otherwise good health, but I feel pretty lousy almost every single day.  I am happy to read about people doing well on medication, but all I get from it is dizziness/lightheaded.  Still optimistic about one day looking back at this nightmare in disbelief.  Until then.
I have had ADD for several years now (I 'm 24). I was taking adderall for a while but it flared up my anxiety. I am now prescribed Strattera, and so far, no good. I 'm only on day 3, but I feel absolutely exhausted and irritable. Considering giving up on it because it 's the end of the school semester and I can 't afford to feel this tired with all the work I have to do.
Stayed on it for over a year. Took in combination with Entocort. Saw little to no improvement. Gave significant side effects such as flushing, fevers, nausea, chills, severe migraines etc.
This is the 2nd time in a month that I have suffered from dizziness and fatigue after taking Claritin. My blood pressure has dropped to 96/58 which is low even for me. I have always had lower than normal blood pressure. I last took Claritin on Thursday morning and this is Monday and can finally stand up without feeling dizzy.
I switched from the Nexplanon implant simply because I heard of a recall on it and I couldn 't take the constant dizziness and headaches .I used orthro evra before and it was lovely but, this isn 't at all. The first night, I felt like I couldn 't sleep with that being said I was up for 3 days with absolutely no sleep, walking around like an insane person. Severe pain (hunger pangs) that I think contribute to the weight gain, nausea and breast pain. I took it off. I tried it again and the physical side effects have faded somewhat but depression anxiety and mood swings are back in my life 10x worse...
I have been on Celexa for 16 days now and my anxiety, mood, depression and panic are markedly worse.  This is the worse I have been in a couple of years.  Is this something the drug can cause before it gives you some relief?
This has Been The WORST birth control i have ever been on , It has darkened my skin , gave me the worst mood swings &amp; lets not begin on irregular periods. Being on this seems more like a burden, stopping pregnancy is really not worth all the hell you go through on these pills.
Inserting Mirena felt like getting an abortion, worst 10 min of my life! Got this January 2016 and im still bleeding, not heavy but enough to wear a pad or regular tampon. Sometimes I think the bleeding has stopped and next thing I know I 'm bleeding all over again! Not sure if I want to keep this in still.
I tired Aleve. It works to some extent for a few hours but it stops. I get better and longer lasting results with Advil liqui-gels for arthritis.
Dizzy, insomnia, nervous, anxious, upset stomach, wobbly, difficulty walking.
I am taking the buspar but it making me feel too relaxed and giving me worse anxiety. My whole body is tingly and I have a huge headache I don 't have anything else that to take but I am so afraid to take it - it is Saturday I can 't get a hold of my dr. I just don 't what to anymore anyone have any ideas
Apri was great for the first month and a half. I take this pill religiously and have never missed or thrown up a dose. Then I had the worst period I 've ever experienced in my life while I still had a week and a half of active pills left. I couldn 't even drive that week. The period symptoms finally ended but the bleeding itself did not. It lightened up, but continued for three more weeks. This is ruining my sex life for the time being and I 've gone through two boxes of liners. I switched to a higher dose of estrogen and will start taking it next week - and thank God.
I need to get a wisdom tooth removed and have been taking up to 3200 mg of ibuprofen daily for a month and a half. I explained to my dentist my concerns about taking so much ibuprofen so he prescribed me tylenol 3. I 've never taken any sort of high end pain killers so I don 't have any tolerance. I continued taking ibuprofen despite the fact my dentist prrscribed the t3s until today when the ibuprofen wouldn 't even touch the pain. It kicked in pretty quickly but all it did was erased the pain for twenty minutes and made me feel high which I hated. Had to pop another ibuprofen once the pain instantly came back. Thought it would work better then this.
Was on Effexor for a little over a year and a half. I am a 25 year old female, approximately 5 '5&quot;. When I began taking this medication I was sitting around 165, I was prescribed 37.5 mg after switching doctors due to moving, everything worked fine until I was on it for about 6 months, no side effects, no crazy reactions. After the 6 month period I began feeling slower, less emotion, yet increased anger at little things a couple of times a month. Forgetting this pill was never an option as the nausea and headaches were out of control. I finally went back yesterday to be switched off it to something different and was prescribed Wellbutrin, so today is my first full day off and my clarity is slightly back just beginning a day without it.
I am 3 weeks in using this drug. I have a few medical issues that has contributed to weight gain. I do seem to have more energy during the day but I so far I don 't like the side effects I am having.  Not sleeping well, I still feel like I am starving all the time. Depression and anger issues too. By night time I feel so hungry I can 't even get to sleep. Not sure if I should give this medication more time? I need to lose about 30 lbs or so. I did lose8 lbs the first 2 weeks but nothing the third week. I don 't necessarily craveanything, I just feel like I 'm starving. I am 46 year old woman and I dohave gastroparesis along with other illnesses. So I really need to get myweight down. I don 't know what I 'm doing wrong?
Recently diagnosed bi polar. I was on Latuda 40mg and felt good. After two weeks of the 80mg that my psychiatrist prescribed me I started to notice severe depression. It would occur about 30 minutes after taking. I was even having suicidal thoughts which has never happened to me. The first night I stopped taking it I did not feel depressed at all. The med just didn 't work for me. We are going to try Abilify next.
Breathing great, diarrhea not so great. Not worth it.
I 've only taken Xyzal for allergies, twice.  The first time I took 1 5 mg pill at 1700 hrs and by 2000 hrs, I was completely knocked out, as if I just had a meeting with Bill Cosby, knocked out.  According to my fitbit, I didn 't move for 10 hours 15 min.  During the first three hours of the experience, I felt everything pop in my head and loosen up, but as that was going on my stomach became upset.  When I woke up in the morning it felt like it wore off.  I 've tried this medicine because Zyrtec cause mood swings that causes me to be the most unlikable person in my city and I live in DC.  I tried the medicine with a 1/2 dose the second night with the same side affects and the same intensity, but without the benefits and those last 8 hrs.
While this did clear up my infection, I would have much prefered a different drug. Was prescribed 50mg, four tablets to be taken per day, for three days. This made me feel incredibly nauseous, blurred my vision, made my eyes feel like they were rolling back into my head, basically made me feel &quot;tripped out&quot;. I would wake up during the night after having taken my last one of the day and the walls would feel as though they were moving in on me. Overall, while effective, the experienced scared me.
My started Atripila in September of 2013. I had horrible side effects for a year. And I am still fighting issues wih my counts. When my viral load goes down so does my CD4 counts. My viral load will not stay down. It varied between 30 and 60 while my CD4 counts has never been over 200.
like others have said, it 's a foam but it 's sticky like glue.  It 's helps a little bit in keeping flare ups at bay and it may get rid of some very small spots, but it 's not going to do much for any large inflamed patches.
With these pills I didn 't have any kind of BAD effects the only thing while being on these pills is I was very emotional. Crying over every little small thing that my boyfriend did. In addition, the painful pains in the abdominal were like having menstrual cramps. Oh but the sugar pill week! The WORST PERIOD EXPERIENCE. I go to university and I had to leave class because I had explosive diarrhea and when I say painful I mean excruciating cramps and blood clots falling out of my vagina every time I went to the bathroom (sorry for getting too personal). Would I try them again? If they were my only option but I wouldn 't take the placebo 's... Never again!
I took 3mgs of Zyprexa, contained in Symbyax, nightly for about 6 years. The medicine worked well for the first 2 to 3 years. Around year four I started having severe side effects and did not realize it was from the Zyprexa as it had been working so well.  I suffered with increasing seizures for about three more years. Bad ones. I wound up in the hospital emergency room and it was the ER doctor that informed me that the Zyprexa was causing the problem. My regular doctor denied Zyprexa as a contributing factor to my seizures. I quit the Zyprexa cold turkey. To say the least it was an absolutely horrible experience. Wean off this drug over a long period of time and even then get ready for horrendous withdrawal symptoms after your last dose.
Went on Mirena as it was one of my only options for birth control due to hormone issues and aura migraines. It hurt pretty bad having it put in. I suggest 800 mg of ibuprofen a half an hour to an hour before insertion. I have never had a child. Right after insertion I felt great, no pain for a few hours, then the cramps began. Nonstop terrible cramps with a little bleeding, for 3 full days. I finally called the Dr and she wrote me a script for Vicodin so I could go to work. No sleep for those 3 days due to terrible pain. The cramps finally subsided but then the stabbing pain started. Terrible stabbing pain in my abdomen. I think my body was rejecting it. I had it removed. Feel much better.
I have a longstanding history with urinary tract infections. I was getting them 1-2x a month and one instance it was so bad I even went to the ER. At that point my doctor prescribed nitrofurantin 100 mg as a preventative method, which works. However, this time around when she prescribed it to treat a UTI (100 mg 2x a day for 7 days) it was one of the worst medication experiences ever. The side effects were TERRIBLE. I have never experienced such bad nausea in my life. I had splitting migraines, could barely open my eyes, &amp; felt like I was going to vomit. Lasted the entire day in waves. I also took on a full stomach with water and it still didn 't help. Also, only slightly dimished UTI symptoms the first day providing moderate relief.
I got Nexplanon inserted December 2014, so it 's been 10 months. At first I loved it. I was always terrible at every birth control method and finally I didn 't have to worry! My periods since the insertion have been fine, no increased acne, and my boobs got bigger. I guess that 's what happens when you gain 30 pounds in less than a year!! I 've never had a difficult time losing weight, but now it 's near impossible. I 'm tired a lot and have no sex drive. Also, my bowel movements have not been the same. I 'm thinking about removing it at the end of this year because of the weight gain and the lack of sex drive. When I started I was 5 '5&quot; at 130lbs. now I 'm 160lbs. I wouldn 't mind the weight gain so much if I received a free wardrobe too.
Made me feel better mentally, but the severe diahrrea would not go away.  So, I had to quit.
Started feeling like I was getting some symptoms of a YI so I went and purchased the 7 day combo pack of Monistat 7. OMG! I 'm on the 3rd night and the burning is so bad.  It is way worse than before I started using the medicine. I 'm not really sure if I can stand 4 more nights of this. I don 't get YI 's a lot. I haven 't had one in several years, but never used to have this problem with the burning in years past.  I 'm just glad to know that there are so many others having the same issue because I was beginning to think something was severely wrong with me. Going to take some Tylenol and try to get some rest. Praying the burning will stop. Definitely calling the doctor tomorrow though.
bought dulcolax and took it last night, preparing for my colonoscopy tomorrow (today I start liquid diet). I took two before bed because thats the directions my doctor gave me, and the back of the dulcolax box says take 1-3 for adults, so I assumed I was taking a pretty average dose. I took them at 11 pm with a full glass of water and went to sleep completely prepared to get up and work the next day but woke up around 6 am sweating with intense stomach cramping and horrible pain. I threw up twice before almost missing the toilet and practically spraying watery diahrea for 30 minutes, all while shaking, and having horrible pain and nausea, even after vomiting and going to the bathroom. Wish I would have read the reviews first on this drug.
I 've had hives off and on since 2002. I am 52 years old and I 've been diagnosed with Hashimotos and Lupus. I was tired of hive breakouts and constantly taking benedryl. So I decided to start taking xolair. Within a half hour after shot my hands got red and itchy. I told nurse. She seemed unconcerned. Got very tired went home and slept half a day! That night got three hives on leg and arm. Next morning I was achy all over and got dizzy with a headache. I report I also got some chest heaviness. I called doctors and he said it was not from xolair. I can stop benedryl but wants me to continue shots. So far I can 't stop benedryl because Im still itchy! I don 't know if I should get next dose because I don 't want worse side effects.Want to eat again
I 've suffered from excessive sweat under my arms for years! I read tons of good reviews on Drysol, and bought it. The first night I used it, the next day I was dry as the desert! The next day was a little damp.Things went downhill from there.Not working at all now.
Been on this for a few weeks now and I feel no better than I did before I started taking this.. Gained weight and getting severe migraines..
Used for 6 weeks to treat muscle spasms and phobia. After asking my doctor to wean me off we followed a regimen, and it was the worst withdrawal I have ever experienced in my whole life, even worse than things that I 've taken in the past.I suffered temporal epileptic seizures for 3 days, and was staring at the door for an hour before my girlfriend smacked me to wake me up. 6 days later I suffered two consecutive grand mal seizures that broke my skull and nose.I had never history of seizures, brain MRI   EEGs done last year came out clear and crystal, and this medicine lowered my threshold so much, 6 months after I stopped it I am not the same, I am not the same anymore. Please be careful and think ten times before you decide to drop it.
I took Gildess 1/20 for a full year. Everything started out fine, but around the 7-8 month mark, my periods started coming in all over the place and my skin broke out like I was in middle school. I either had two periods a month, or none at all. I didn 't notice any weight gain, but did experience occasional mood swings. Overall, it prevented pregnancy, but did not give me a regular cycle.
I recently had an acute flare up with my Sciatica. The pain was unbearable with complete numbness down my right leg. I have suffered for 8 years with chronic sciatic pain wavering in intensity. This last time I went to my doctor requesting pain killer relief stronger than the Diclofenac and Baclofen I usually take which was ineffective. I was prescribed the 5/500 strength, 1 three times a day. This had zero effect on my pain. I took additional acetaminophen to augment the 500mg in the Vicodin. I have an appointment this week to seek a medicine that will bring me relief to I can enjoy life again.
I was on 2 antibiotics (8 pills a day) for 10 days because of MRSA, taking the pharmacist 's advice I got some probiotics, yogurt, and the monistat 3 prefilled treatment. I had no problems. Now about 5 weeks later I get another YI so I decided to take the same thing day 1 was fine but day 2 (today) I was feeling like my vagina was on fire!!!! I 've got an 8:30 class and I 'm up at 1:30 . I won 't be finishing the treatment. I 'll stick with the probiotics, yogurt, and the medicated wipes I found. They burn too but the burning goes away much faster that the monistat.
I&rsquo;ve been taking 10 mg for a few weeks now but I don&rsquo;t think it&rsquo;s helping. I cry myself to sleep every night. My parents notice a difference in my mood but it&rsquo;s only because I&rsquo;ve stopped showing emotion around other people. I save my feelings for when I&rsquo;m alone.
I took Citralopram in the hope it help with anxiety. First day had minor side effects. Just felt a bit spaced out. Like I couldn 't think 100% clearly. A bit anxious. Didn 't feel  'normal '. Second day I thought I 'd try taking them in the evening instead, in the hope that the side effect would be less throughout the following day, This was a mistake. Couldn 't get to sleep all night, tossing and turning, sweating, felt wired. Third day, Took in the morning again. The best way I can describe the feeling is the same as I feel the morning after taking ecstasy/ MDMA. Jaw clenching. dilated pupils. A kind of speedy, disconnected and weak feeling. On edge.Decided to stop taking them but still feel weird 2 days on :/
I 've taken minocycline here and there in the past year and I usually would take it for a few days and it would clear my skin up for a little bit, but a few days later it would get bad again and I would repeat this process over and over. But now I 've been taking it twice a day for the past 3 months and my skin has gotten worse, I haven 't had clear skin in 3 months. I ALWAYS have a pimple and recently while taking this medication, somehow I got 5 cystic pimples within a day. Also, I wash my face twice a day and drink a lot of water, so that isn 't the problem. Don 't take this medication, it sucks.
I 've had the implant for just about 4 years now. During the first couple of months it was okay no spotting or anything, then out of no where I had gotten a period that lasted for 3 weeks straight. The periods would go away for maybe a day at most and come back for another three weeks. I 'm finally getting this implant out of my arm so I can have a normal life without constant bleeding.
At first this medicine seemed great. Was taking it for depression and generalized anxiety disorder. After a week on the lowest dose I started having bad side effects. I was shaving one morning and noticed my face, lips and arm felt numb. Doctor reduced my dosage to 10mg that worked okay for a week then same side effects.
I have been on Trinessa in the past for acne and it had worked beautifully. I went off of it for 2 years and just got back on and am on pack 2. Unfortunately, I am having a terrible time adjusting. I spotted (or straight up just bled) for the entire first pack. I am struggling with anxiety and random panic attacks and constantly feel depressed. I 'm also breaking out in hives. I 've been taking the pill at night and like clockwork, I breakout just shortly after I take the pill.
I had been taking this medication for 1 year and I noticed decreased libido and fluttering veins which made me stop taking it. Also breast swelling but the most worrisome was the repeated daily fluttering of my veins. I could literally see my skin vibrating.
I was on a different pill before Minestrin that worked well, but it was discontinued so my doctor switched me to Minestrin. I was on Minestrin for about six months and just recently stopped. I was having spotting and cramping every month. I had bad mood swings each period. Periods were very heavy and irregular. I gained 10 lbs even though I work out 5 days/week and watch my diet. It worked as far as birth control, but the side effects were too much for me. Everyone 's body is different and this pill did not agree with me.
I get very frequent migraines, up to 15  per month. Have tried just about everything, including narcotics to control migraines. I am currently on Inderall daily as preventative (have tried many, many, other drugs as well). Am currently taking Maxalt and Treximet, but doctor suggested we try the nasal spray. I had a full blown migraine when I tried it, so results may be a little off. Migranal caused burning in the nose, and throat, nasal congestion. It also left a nasty taste in my mouth. Woke up the next day with the migraine still lingering.
The first time I took this medication I was severely constipated and was recommended this by a doctor. I woke up the morning after taking two pills with diarrhea all day. It cleaned my system out pretty good and overall I thought it worked great. I was constipated again a short time later so I decided to take a dulcolax pill again. I woke up at 5:00 am with the worst stomach pain I 've ever experienced. My face turned white as a ghost and I could barely make it to my parents bedroom. I fainted on the way there and couldn 't stand back up for 20 minutes. Finally after severe pain for another two hours I was able to fall asleep. Worst product ever. I felt like I was dying.
This birth control was pretty terrible. I should preface this by saying I only took it for a month and not the 3 months that is recommended for your body to adjust to a hormonal birth control. However, there was no way I was going to subject myself to 3 months of this pill. The first two weeks it caused me to have insane mood swings. I 'd get extremely mad at virtually nothing. The two times I accidentally took the pill a few hours late, I immediately started spotting and would continue to spot for a few days. It also made my skin break out despite the fact that I have a good skincare routine and rarely experience acne.
This medicine doesn 't last. I 'm on my second night of it and it 's 4 am and I 'm wide awake. My legs are very restless. I have stomach cramps. I 've tired Tranzodone in fact I was up to 200 mgs and still didn 't feel it. Ambien made me hallucinate. I just want to sleep at night so I can have normal days with my kids.
Bystolic reduced the blood pressure, but it comes with the price. Chaotic sleep, low energy level, loss of interest in the previously enjoyed activities, and a substantial weight gain  Weening down from the whole pill to a half, and looking for natural ways to reduce my BP.
Took this medication to help with weigh loss. It did help with weight loss, but I never felt well. This impacted my ability to exercise, which really decreased my weight loss. Then four months in, I got very ill with a bladder infection that did not clear up. Lots of lower back pain, front pain (where gallbladder is located, but I do not have mine) and continued lack of energy. I mention to my weight loss doctor and am informed that this medication can cause kidney stones. So, I am off this medication and in the process of ruling out what is wrong with me- but most likely kidney stones caused by Qysmia. The pain and doctor bills were not worth the 10 pound weight loss. I would avoid it.
I can only take 1/4 of a 25 mg tablet a day, and I still get extremely tired. Any more and it makes my blood pressure go up. 1/4 tablet keeps my blood pressure pretty  normal on systolic, but heart rate and diastolic are too low.I have trouble breathing.
I was on this for 1 year.  At first is was okay.  I had hot flashes and would sweat bad.  The last 3 months - the fatigue is building to the point T was sleeping all the time, having anger issues.  
I had they skyla inserted 4/22/15 so it has been 6 months now I have a very high tolerance to pain and the insertion was not the best but do take ibuprofen before hand and you 'll be fine. The worst of the pain is right before my period the cramps from ovulating and right before my cycle starts. I have had my period now for two weeks at a time every two weeks which is killing my sex life with my boyfriend and my pockets on the amount of tampons I am purchasing my acne is still the same I 'm always bloated  and I 'm shedding so much and have gained a ton of weight I wanted to at least try to give it a year to see if things were going to change but it 's just so agrivating I know some love the skyla but it 's not for me.
I got on Loestrin 24 FE for birth control and to help me with my acne. I have been on this pill for 4 months and do not like it. I switched to this pill from Yaz because it is a lower dose and I would sometimes get sick on Yaz. I was hoping this pill would give me less side effects but it didn 't turn out that way. My mood swings are horrible and I feel like a crazy depressed person on this pill. My boyfriend has noticed how crazy I can get, especially right before my period. On Yaz, my PMS was barely noticeable, let alone mood swings. I have found myself needing to control situations and getting anxious and sad for no reason. My periods did not turn out to be lighter either. They are horrible on this pill, bad cramps and nausea.
Took 5mg for almost a year.  It did a great job on blood pressure.  But I got progressively worse muscle cramps, especially in my calfs.  Could not run for more than a few minutes without intense pain.  Had to switch to another medication.
Abdominal pain and diarrhea after 3 days use.
I absolutely hate this pill!  I take it everyday but I thought I was pregnant.  I 'm sick, my mood is horrible, I 'm exhausted.  I will say it 's helping with my acne and increasing my appetite (I 'm thin so of course I want to eat more) but other than that it 's a no for this pill for me.  My period is lighter and shorter but everything else makes me miserable.  My boyfriend hates being around me because I 'm so moody.  I couldn 't explain why.  I need to find another option.  My sex drive actually increased but it 's still a no bueno for me.
It didn 't help with my cough or sleep like the Nurse said. I had better results with OTC meds.
I took Milk of Magnesia at around 10 pm after being constipated for about four days. I drank half the bottle. At four o 'clock in the morning I woke up to terrible cramps. I sat in the bathroom for almost thirty minutes until I got a solid stool. Then I spent the next four/ five hours dealing with violent diarrhea.
I don 't think that it is helping my body my legs feel weaker everyday and I  have been feeling lightheaded. And my doctor will not listen to me, she says they are working . She will get an ear full in the next two weeks if she will not listen I will have to find another doctor.
I was supposed to take this for supressive therapy, but I stopped after my outbreak because I couldn 't stand the side effects. This pill made me dizzy and I could hardly function at work. I don 't know if this or the HSV 1 is worse.
My son was 6 when diagnosed.  Adderall finally came to our rescue.  Eventually it did not work long enough, so we give him a wake-up dose of 5mg IR, an 8am XR dose, then a 3pm IR dose to help with aftercare and homework.  This has continued to work for 3 years.  We tried Intuniv because his ODD and impulsivity was leading to threats of suspending him from school.  After 2 days we realized his BP was lower (too low), but he didn 't pass out.  After 2 weeks, his reacting to people was no longer on the calm side, he was emotional about everything, more impulsive and more defiant, not him at all.  We decided to take him off.  At least we can say that we tried, but it just did not work for my son, but it may for others.
My son was prescribed Mirtazapine for severe anxiety. It helped a little bit and also his medicine for his bi polar disorder helped (Depakote). However,  once the anxiety decreased he should have had the Mirtazapine stopped by the psychiatrist.  This did not happen and he eventually had a severe psychotic breakdown where he tried to smash up his home, attacked his partner and believed aliens were after him . He was in hospital for over 2 months after the police had him sectioned.
I GAINED 25 lbs in the 2 months I was on this pill. I also had no sex drive at all. My hubby is not liking that at all. My breast did go up and for me already being a full D was not good. I will be switching back to the ring! I hope the weight comes off fast!
its been almost a year using Yaz and ever since i started it changed my cycle completely, the color of my period change to a dark brown color, my flow even changed. Cramping did not stop but infact made it worse. so a month back i wanted to skip my period so i did not take the white pills, after having skipped them  started spotting, a week later i got my period which lasted for longerthan usual for approximately two weeks. i then consulted my doctor who gave me pills to stop the flow but it still persisted even today im still spotting. im confused and very worried as i dont know what to do. if i stop taking Yaz i know that the bleeding will continue so question is how do i make it stop.
I am just finishing up my 3rd pack aka finishing my 3rd month and I haven 't ever felt depressed like this ever before. Sure the first months I got some mood swings and i was very emotional but now my anxiety is being triggered and I have no appetite! Al I want to do is stay home and sleep, I feel sad and uninterested in anything.. Will be switching soon and hopefully I can go back to happy me.. Didn 't experience any weight gain and it did not help with my acne.
I have been on Karvia for about 3 months now and noticed that my breast HURT and are so tender. My periods last 4 days now instead of 3. I get mood swings too.
I am so glad I checked this out, I have had this IUD for 9 months. I cannot complain about the periods as they have almost completely stopped except for occasional spotting but I could not figure out why I am gaining weight and having breakouts when I never have them and have been working out/eating right since the births. I think I am having this thing changed out for a non-hormonal releasing IUD since I have had cramping, slight depression, weight gain and acne since it has been placed and no other symptoms before that.
Okay so I 'm 15 and I 've been on this birth control for almost 3 months. I 've never been more emotional or sad in my life. I didn 't know what it was until I found this website. My mood swings have been crazy and have effected my relationship. Besides that, my skin is clearer, I 've lost weight, my appetite is really small, but my breasts are larger  and nothing has changed with my period, it 's not lighter or heavier, I 'm hoping that changes soon though. I might change to a different contraceptive because the moody thing is way too much but besides that I 'm not pregnant so yeah
Only on day two but that first dose will scare you. I 'm going to see it through..takes time for antibiotics to even work. Taking all of your medicine is important but knowing your bodies limits is just as important. This medicine is currently kicking my butt be cautious those side effects are really rough.
I haven 't noticed a great deal of pain relief with Cymbalta but works well for depression and other related issues.
Dr just put me on 20 2x a day with 1 mg Ativan PRN.  I was on Zanex 1 mg 2x a day I have been through the worst thing a parent can go through losing a child  12 years ago she was 8 then I 'm a widow now lost my husband 5 years ago he was 41. I  see a psychiatrist huh nothing mends a broken heart but I will keep trying what the Dr keeps putting me on
Celexa and Zoloft were both duds for me unfortunately. Moving on to Wellbutrin/Buspar combo, fingers crossed!
In the beginning I was on 300 mg of seroquel (not extended release) for 3 years. Got pregnant they took me off. I moved provinces they ended up putting me back on a smaller dose 150mg sleeping wise I would go to sleep right away and stay asleep all night. For the past 2 months they decided to put me on 150mg seroquel xl now it takes me hours to fall asleep and I wake up constantly throughout the night and have a hard time falling back asleep! I feel like xl does not work near as good depression wise and sleeping wise.
zolpidem means i 'll get some sleep but not much.  first time i took remeron didnt sleep a wink though i felt the drowsiness. zombie in the morning. clonazepam made me feel normal. second time i took it with half a zolpidem with clonazepam 4 hours before, slept my first full 8 hours in 20 years.  next night no clonazepam, still slept but woke up every sleep cycle. last night by itself 1.5 hours sleep.  varies greatly. does not stop my mind from running full speed.
I just started using these eyedrops. My allergies are not as bad this time of year, so I can 't be sure if it is helping much. The side effect of the bad after taste is more than &quot;mild&quot; in my case.
I 've been taking a 500 mg pill twice a day for 4 days now and the side effects are really awful. Today at work I got really dizzy and had to sit down because I I felt completely off balance and so so so sick. I 've also noticed feeling sleepy- which I 'm not a good sleeper lately as it is but despite taking a long nap today I woke up feeling not any more rested. I never take the pharmacist 's warnings super seriously because I 've had rather good luck in the past with common meds like this agreeing  with my body okay. But I should 've really listened to her warning about eating when taking it and drinking extra water. I just feel sort of disoriented in general too- past just being sleepy. I 'm surprised at all of this, thought it was a normal med
I have been on this pill for a year now. I went a while without a period just constant spotting. Well, I can 't tell if it 's an extremely light period or just spotting. It 's not enough blood for a tampon or pad but a liner. I hate it bc if I do want to have sex, I have to act like I have to pee right before just to make sure I 'm not bleeding. I 'm on my last pack &amp; then I 'm done with it. I also was on this pill due to high bp &amp; horrible periods. I 'll take my risks at not taking this anymore!
I took the probiotic (2 hrs before/after) this antibiotic and still slept in my clothes the first night because I was convinced I may be having a heart attack and may have to go to the ER.  Now, I 'm taking Pepsid, as well, but today had to stop on my way to work because the hearburn is so severe. On day 3, I forgot the probiotic and had severe diarrhea - so don 't do that.  The dental surgery was mild by comparison - I stopped the prescription painkillers after the first day - but the antibiotic is killing me.
I had used this product before and never had a problem. It seemed to help clear up the infection quite quickly. But I recently got another yeast infection and decided to use the product again. I would not reccomend it at all. I got intense burning in my lower region. It got so uncomfortable within about 5 minutes that I had to take a shower and wipe all the medicine out. Afterwards I was still in pain. Do not get monistat. At all. Yeast infections already itch and monistat made it 100 times worse, plus insane burning. Hopefully I won 't have any rashes or swelling like the others. Definently go see a doctor and get a prescription.
This started out as a great experience. I was on Lexapro but due to the decreased sexual desire wanted to try something else.The first three months felt great, no improvement on the sexual aspect however.  Then the side effects started and it was terrible. Started with constipation, which I was able to put up with. The legs hurting and cramping was another story. As long as I was active I had no problem. Go on a trip and it was hell. My legs would hurt like crazy. Then at night in bed if I turned over I got leg cramps in my thighs.OH and the DREAMS! So real, vivid and weird.Expensive!
Doctors just give it out like cough medicine.  I have a from of muscular distrophy , lupron almost killed me and the doctors did not know what to do.  11 years later I am still having side effects from the synthetic hormone.  doctors should realize that one size does not fit all.
I have been taking singulair on and off for years.  In the last two years I have had 4 severe asthma attacks and the singulair has not helped.  It may have helped my allergic rhinitis.  But it does not help my asthma.  I will probably stop it.
I 've used monistat before with no problems, but this time it 's like hell. The burning woke me up out of my sleep and the cream didn 't help relieve any itch once I inserted the ball. It was about two hours later when the ball dissolved and I began to lose my mind!! I still don 't know what to do to stop the burning!!!
I 've had the rod 18 months now. In this time I 've gained weight a developed anxiety that bad I no longer have social life. I am in pain constantly ie back tummy headache I 'm exhausted everyday. I don 't even feel like a human. Also sore breasts irregular periods and insomnia. Joint pain the lot. Severe mood swings almost bipolar type. Seriously affected me also pain where it was. I personally Wouldn 't  recommend took over my whole life
Took 150mg a day for several years. I lived with the dizziness when getting up or kneeling down. Also adversely affected my urination habits. Hard to go, weak stream etc. The doctor switched me to Benicar 20mg. Works better on lowering blood pressure, NO dizziness at all, and peeing is back to normal. Benicar is a MUCH MUCH better blood pressure medicine for me.
I have bph and overactive bladder.I take avodart, vesicare and uroxotral.I have been taking these three for years and have noticed little or no difference in my urinary habits. I still go on average once an hour and recently have started to wake up in the middle of the night three times versus 1 or 2 times prior to the last few months.I am going to speak to my doctor because these meds seem to be not helping me.
After 3 days of starting this new birth control, I was feeling nauseous. This lasted for a few days. Also, I 've been bleeding for almost 3 weeks now. It 's not heavy, but its tiresome and getting costly to keep buying panty liners all the time.
I 've had skyla for about 5 months now and I have to say I don 't love it. The insertion process was not as bad as I thought, despite the crazy reviews. Once I got it however I had pretty intense cramps, lower back pain, &amp; other period symptoms for at least a month. I am used to very painful cramps and I can usually handle them but it was honestly a nightmare. My immediate reaction to this was to get it removed but I thought I was being a bit rash and I would just leave it in and give it a fair shot. As time went on the cramps did subside and my body felt better but still not back to normal. I also noticed I was beginning to break out a lot and I 've had clear skin my entire life. Not only was I breaking out but it was also painful to have sex
Was prescribed pazeo from my eye doctor for allergic conjunctivitis, It does seem like my eyes are clearer, but it gives me an awful  tasting drip in my throat and maybe upsetting my stomach. I 've been taking the medicine for five days one drop in each eye, and was given a sample that lasted the five days. When I got the prescription I was able to use a coupon that brought the price from 190$ to 40$ .... The prescribed bottle was is literally the same size as the free sample I got!!!! It 's only 5 days worth of drops and it 's a 2.5ML bottle. The other thing that bothers me is what is in the drops... Boric acid??? Is this ok to have dripping into my stomach from using in my eyes? Not sure about pazeo yet....
I finished full 10 days of that medicine, doctor did not tell me about anything about probiotics, so right after taking Pylera I have some issues with my bowel movement, had constipation for a while, did colonoscopy and still can not figure out what is wrong with me. Having constant pain under left rib, doing more tests going from family doctor to gastroenterologist. I would recommend, before taking Pylera medication, do a deep research on side effects, because with bad bacteria, your colon 's good bacteria gets killed as well as bad once. 
I was on this drug for many years and while in the beginning I felt it helped with both the frequency of headaches and fibromyalgia associated with ME, over time it stopped working.  On the flip side, it definitely had a negative effect on my memory.  I VERY slowly weaned myself off of it and most of my memory has returned. My insurance only paid a small part of the cost and it is very expensive.  I would not use it again.  No upside and plenty of downside.
I decided to start taking the birth control shot after the birth of my son. I figured it would be worth the convenience of getting the shot every 3 months and not having to remember to take a pill.  Ever since I 've started getting the injections my side affects has been SEVERE mood swings, DECREASE in my libido, cramping and nausea. I 've never liked the idea of not having a regular cycle; however taking birth control does alter your menstrual cycle. I 'm going to have to consider other options for birth control. I can 't deal with my severe mood swings! I 'm starting to lash out against my family and it hurts. I 'm a young 33 year old and my sex drive has gone completely down hill!
I am a 60 year old female who also takes Lantus and Metformin.  I started the 1.5 dose of Trulicity about a month ago.  I had mild gastrointestinal symptoms at first: flatulence, heartburn and burps that smell like sulpur.  About 10 days ago the side effects got much worse:  abdominal cramping, explosive diarrhea, nausea and vomiting.  I had to call in sick to work twice in the last week.  Sometimes I feel better, but then the symptoms hit out of nowhere.  I have absolutely NO appetite and have to force myself to eat.  Feels like food poisoning.  This morning I had to go to the ER.  They did tests and the doc said it was due to the Trulicity and I should stop taking it.  I used to be on Victoza, which worked fine, but ins. co. won 't pay for
This product does what it says with terrible pain! First off... i would never recommend this product to someone who experiences IBS like myself. Seems that the posts praising ducolax are from people who have only had LIGHT constipation discomfort. I now understand the &quot;near death experience&quot; that Ducolax is. If you ever ever experienced true food poisoning that leaves you expelling from both ends simultaneously this is exactly like that! Cold sweats, nausea, diarrhoea and vomiting accompanied by the worst cramps of life. I mean I can actually say I thought I 'd need an ER visit &amp; if you 've tried this and lived to tell the tale YOU KNOW! I would absolutely recommend taking this on the first day of your weekend with zero plans!
Pain associated with shingles.     I think the pain was lessened due to the drug but due to the crazy mental side effects I stopped taking it within a week even though my shingles lasted several weeks.  It wasn 't worth the side effects.
I 've had this since May 2015 and I 'm over it! 2 weeks after it was inserted, had a period that NEVER ended until August! it varies in how heavy the spotting was but it was never heavy, but enough to constantly have to wear a liner. since then, I 've had spotting that lasts roughly 2 weeks every 2 months! my face breaks out so bad, proactive and clearasil doesn 't even work. I 've gained 20 POUNDS since it was put in and it 's only January! I thought it was just my eating habits but I don 't eat more than I did before it was inserted. haven 't gotten pregnant, so I guess there 's a plus..
I have been taking this medication for a month at 100mg, twice a day. I have had to limit my sun exposure and wear 100 SPF sunscreen as I have been getting horrendous sunburns since I have started taking doxy. My hands were so burned that they swelled up and blistered, making it very painful to even wash my hands. Every time I go outside, regardless of how much sunscreen I am wearing, I am guaranteed to get a sunburn. I was prescribed doxy to help with my acne but it is not worth it to me and I will no longer be taking it.
I have been prescribed Macrobid 3 times in the span of a year for UTIs. The first and second time I took Macrobid, I had no side effects at all. The third time I took it, I had a 101 fever within hours of the second dose, shallow breathing and cough, and diarrhea. My fingers were tingling too. I immediately stopped taking it and it 's been not quite 2 days yet but the fever is going away. I 'm going to have to look into natural remedies for UTIs now. I admit that I thought everyone else on here was &quot;crazy&quot; writing about their side effects when I had none...until it happened to me. Just because you didn 't have any the first time doesn 't mean you won 't next time, like I did.
I am a 17 year old junior and I started taking Vyvanse in 9th grade. I 'm not saying it doesn 't work because I went from any average student to where B 's are a disappointment to my mom. But I haven 't had much of a social life anymore, the people at my lunch table think I 'm anorexic and I don 't sleep most nights. I get headaches constantly and I 'm tired of this. I tried other medicines but my mom said nothing works as good. 
I got my nexplenon inserted about 5 months ago. I stayed on my birth control pill for a month after to help my body adjust and everything was going fine. I had 2 normal periods and up until about a month ago everything was running smoothly. My mom and boyfriend have noticed a big change in my attitude noting that I 'm becoming more &quot;bitchy.&quot; Can 't say I disagree with this as I can tell I get more annoyed and on edge about literally everything. Not only have I been having attitude issues but my acne is out of control right now. I 've been on my period for 4 weeks now and my acne continues to get worse. I believe I 've also gained about 10 pounds in since I got the birth control and am having a hard time losing it. Planning on getting itremoved.
Not good for severe pain.
I took 2mg for 7 weeks.  At first, the after taste was the only adverse side effect although in retrospect within a couple of weeks I started having a dry cough. By the end of the 1st month I thought I had either a cold or an allergic reaction to something.  Went to my doctor and the possible side effects of the was not even brought up.  I am coughing a lot and bringing up clear mucus.  I often felt like my throat is closing up and it reminded me of strep with how sore my throat was.  Last night, completely frustrated I googled sore throat, cough and lunesta and found many other people had similar symptoms.  At first Lunesta worked fine but gradually I slept less and the side effects were (are) horrible.  I 'm wide awake tonight!
I suspect causation between Micardis (40mg) and BPPV. I 've missed my dose a couple of times, blood pressure rocked up to 140/90 's and I felt great the following day. Normally BP is 120/80 's on 40mg but I feel like crap with a general level of dizzyness through the day. Sparadoic episodes but this BPPV episode has lasted 6 months now.  Worse in morning and means lying down/standing up takes special headmoves to minimise dizzy episode.
Well where do I start? Middle aged mom of three and wife and a year ago  it all went down hill. So I go to my doctor explain things and how I 'm feeling and she prescribed me this medicine to me at 75mg a day then upped it to 150mg. The first few days I was so ill and sleepy I was passing out in the middle of sentences (eyes rolling back and body tremors) so I tried it for 6 months it really affected being able to orgasm which I didn 't know it would do? So I started to ween myself off without doctors consent because its clearly NOT working to control my anxiety my mood swings or bringing a balance to my ADD/OCD. The nausea is horrible, the dreams are HORRIFIC I attacked my husband in my sleep and he had to pin me down. Don 't take this medicine!
I was on Microgestin Fe for 8 months. At first I had no symptoms and it worked great. Then after about 5 months I started having irregular bleeding. Almost as if I was having 2 periods a month. I also had a low sex drive. I would hardly have any lubrication during intercourse which was never a problem before I started taking this. I also gained about 10 pounds during the time I was on it. 
Prescribed this medication for 5 days for UTI after Day 2 my symptoms were almost gone. However during the course of treatment, I had terrible flu like symptoms and my heart was really racing and pounding. It was scary. Nevertheless I finished all the antibiotics and after one day without treatment, the UTI symptoms came right back! SMH wow so now I have to call the dr. In the morning. This medication didn 't have work for me for a UTI it only eased the symptoms during treatment.
I have been taking this pill for almost a week now and I am experiencing very bad headaches, stomach aches, drowsiness, moody, and depression. I have tried the bc shot, and about 4 other different kind of pills. Birthcontrol pills make me ill to say the least, but I will keep taking microgestin for a month to see if it will magically not make me feel sick. So far not so good. My family already think I should quit taking it because I 'm feeling sick and they don 't want to see me go through that again. I 'm 18 just graduated from hs in June and for prom and grad night at Disneyland I was completely sick from the pills stomach hurt BAD. So I 'm hoping my body adjusts well to these new pills  praying . Everyone has different side effects.
I got a titration packet and it relieved my pain within a few hours of taking it. I was so very happy and excited. I slept well. However, on day 3, I started having horrible stomach cramps with it and had to stop it.Now I am trying Lyrica. We 'll see how that goes. 
I was diagnosed with Narcolepsy about 2 weeks ago. For 2 months I had been nodding off at work and at home, it got really bad when I nodded off while at a stoplight driving and when I got &quot;written&quot; up for sleeping at work. I was given Provigil to help me out which when I started taking it, it was like a miracle drug. I felt alert and not drowsy all the time. After 5 days I started feeling nauseous and then 2 days later out of the blue it stopped working. My Doctor put me on Ritalin but I 'm still having problems later in the day, on my way to see a sleep specialist.
It definitely helps my cough. But it makes me so dizzy, I feel like my surroundings are going by at 100mph when I walk. I would NOT drive after taking it. I also feel a little &quot;out of it&quot;, but that could just be having a sinus infection. I didn 't have a problem with diarrhea like some people have mentioned.
Two pills and I felt joint pains on my whole body and stopped due to seeing side effects and long term issues. It did have positive, I notice my anal fissures were dripping pure blood and no more infection and abscess cavity less infection.
62y.o. female. First time with flu virus in 15 yrs. Went to medfast &amp; was prescribed tamiflu. Afraid to take last day dose because of fuzziness in my right eye last night. Still have flu symtoms for 4 days &amp; counting. Other side effects from tamiflu were: right eye blur, bad headache, dry mouth, hoarseness, muscle spasms, sweating, slight upper abdominal pain, nausea. You can see why I am afraid to take anymore. Dont know if it shortened flu symtoms. This is day 5 &amp; feel a little better but have severe headache &amp; coughing still. So maybe took meds too late but getting fuzzy in my right eye last nite scared me enough to stop it.
I started birth control about a month ago for bad cramps and to regulate my period. I never really had bad acne before, but I 've been on Beyaz for a month now and my acne is bad. I have at least 4 large pimples on my face at all times, which I 'm not used to. I don 't know if I should stick it out and see if it gets better or if I should switch to a different birth control. Other than the acne, Beyaz is really helping with my periods. They last 3 days at the most and little to no cramps at all.
Since most of the reviews are from gals who have just recently gotten their paragard, I thought I 'd post about my experience since I 've had mine for 3 years. Everything has been relatively good with my paragard up until recently. I became a vegan last July, so I haven 't been getting very much iron or zinc in my diet. Recently I 've experienced  some pretty dramatic hair loss. After I shower I have a palm sized ball of hair left in the shower. My hair is falling out in chunks! I am 31 years old with no health issues. I have never had any issues like this in my life nor is this hereditary. I started researching copper toxicity and anemia as two possible reasons and will start supplementing! I may no longer need bc if I end up bald! LOL
I have severe chronic pain due to a car accident. I 've tried every med to curb the pain. I like this medicine, the only drawback was that it wasn 't long lasting and I wish I could take it more than once a day.
My right lymph node has went down a little (swells a lot when I have any infection or cold) and also seems to be getting rid of uti but the side effects are so horrible I feel like DEATH, nobody understands except people up here who are going thru same. MIGRAINES, INSOMNIA OUT THIS WORLD (3 days and only 5 hours sleep), vomiting and sick to my damn stomach, this is ridiculous....
My psychiatrist just prescribed me this medication to help me sleep at night since I have trouble sleeping, supposedly it takes 15 to 45 mins to take in effect, the only effect I got was a calming effect but wasn 't sleepy like it was intended for..therefor I became more agitated, crying for no apparent reason, and more fidgety then ever..So unfortunately I was the unfortunate one where it does not work for.
I started taking Orsythia for unbearable menstrual cramps, and stayed on it for about 6 months. It immediately regulated my period and made the cramping almost disappear, but some of the side effects made it not worth it. No weight gain or acne, but my anxiety was through the roof. I would have major meltdown anxiety attacks on a daily basis and would get incredibly  emotional from the slightest amount of stress. I could not handle much of anything and was constantly overwhelmed and lethargic. My mood swings were awful and put a lot of stress on my relationship. I 've been off this pill for 2 months and my anxiety is SO much better. This pill does wonders for cramps, but I would not recommend it to anyone with a history of anxiety issues.
Removed this BC after 5 months of use. Gave it 3 stars only because I didn 't get pregnant and the method is ideal for someone not interested in daily pills, etc. Other than that, Nexplanon increased my already mild acne to moderate, hormonal acne. Not cool. Also, my first period experience (November 2016) lasted 4 weeks with varying light to heavy days. After having my period twice in February 2017 I decided Nexplanon had to go!
I 've only been using this for 4 days so far. I put it all over my face because it says to use on the &quot;area&quot; that is spot-prone, and all of my face gets spotty, though not at the same time. I have pretty sensitive skin anyway, but this stuff BURNS! And my face is red raw for the next 3 or 4 hours. I put it on in the evening and by morning I 'm no longer red and stinging. It has also made me extremely dry and flaky and tight skinned, which is to be expected, but I can 't bear it so put on moisturiser almost immediately afterwards, which may be slowing down the process. It hasn 't helped my acne yet, but I 'm hoping with a little patience and pain-tolerance it will do the job!
Was put on Generess Fe to regulate spotting I have had for 3 months(PCOS). Have been on it a month and it has been a horrible experience. I was surprised to see all the great reviews since I am having such trouble. I am a usually very happy person and have been extremely depressed, emotional(crying outbursts at ridiculous things), and irritable. Ive had headaches daily since Day 1. Spotting has gotten worse. Breasts are so tender and painful and horrible low back cramps during the 3rd week. Praying this is just because Ive been so long without a cycle(8 years and 1 month) and its just shocking my body. Doctor says it could take 3-4 months to regulate. Not sure I can handle that but willing to try.
I had this implant put in last August so it has been almost a year. It really intensified my depression the first few months, but I am fine now. For the first few months, I had regular periods. But since March of this year, I 've been on my period non-stop. My doctor recommended that I get it removed. It also has made my acne worse. It is really bad on my chin and jawline now, which were not problem areas before. I guess the only good side is that I haven 't got pregnant with the implant in. But the effects are awful.
I imagine death to be just like this. I had been taking medicine for an inner ear infection which had me constipated for 5 days and I was experiencing pain from the constipation. I didn 't realize there was different kinds of laxatives, which is on me for sure! I took 2 pills at 7:30am because that 's when I got off work and didn 't have work til 4pm that day. They kicked in about 1030am and I was on and off the toilet until I had work. Sweating, burning and watery diarrhea, with cramps 81702037x worse than period cramps. I was okay for a little bit and then at 9pm the pain came back with a vengeance. Still going... cramping, hot and cold &amp; pooping. I started crying I 'm in so much pain. NEVER again. I 'd rather be constipated!!
I have a rare sinusitis wich the infection is located on the middle of my head. I was prescribed levofloxacin 500mg for 3 weeks. I havent been able to sleep very well and loss of appetite (which is good in a way) and a very sore neck. On my 5th dose and not so much drainage and not much of a stuffy nose.
Strattera helped my ADD very little and suppressed my appetite and I lost all ability to sleep even though I was always tired.
this pill has been giving me the blues. Since starting I 've had constant yeast infections &amp; bv. Increased hunger nausea and severe bloating. Only thing it does efficiently is prevent pregnancy &amp; btw. I haven 't seen my period in 3 months. Feeling terrible 
Was working fine until I started getting racing suicidal thoughts out of the blue. Switched to a sleeping aid and it seemed to work just as fine and was a lot cheaper.
I bled for 3 months straight on the Nexplanon. I asked my doctor to remove it several times and she kept urging me to wait a little while longer. Several weeks later my bleeding stopped. Two weeks later it started again with heavy bleeding and cramping. Not liking it.
This pill was not a fit for me at all. They told me it would take up to 3 months to regulate me and I took it for 9 months and never became regular. I have always been to the day with my cycle but I never got my period back after nursing my second for a year. This pill made me bleed every two weeks and sometimes once a month. It was all over the place. I got migraines and had major mood swings. I said goodbye to it.
I have been taking this medicine for about 6 months. I had good results in the beginning losing about 20 pounds within the first 4 months. Then I notice towards the 6th month, the medicine wasn 't curbing my appetite. So my Dr. suggest that I increase my dose to 15mg. I took 4 doses of the 15 mg , ( 1 dose daily for 4 days) The fourth day I started to have severe eye pain and redness in my eye. I went to see an ophthalmologist and was diagnosed with glaucoma. The topamax in this medicine causes glaucoma, so I would advise everybody taking this medicine to be careful.
For me I had regular periods but quite heavy and sometimes last a few days more after my period pills were done. I gained weight and in the beginning I had major mood swings. Felt depressed and increased appetite. I also get more yeast infections when I never had them before.
I have been taking the pill for about 5 months and I 've noticed a few things. PROS: I haven 't gotten pregnant!! My periods are 4 days on the dot and I don 't have any acne or cramping. CONS: I 've always cried easily but now I cry at least once a day if not more. I am irritable and can get extremely angry very easily and I used to be a very easy going person. My period doesn 't start until my 3rd or 4th placebo pill. I get nauseated in cars if I am not the driver. I crave weird food that I never usually eat and I 'm exhausted all the time.
I have been on Loestrin Fe 24 for about 6 years and recently decided to stop because they were very expensive and I felt bloated all the time. My breasts were always sore and felt swollen. I gained about 10 pounds even though I didn 't change my diet. I found that I was hungry all the time, even after I just ate. I craved sugary snacks like cookies and chocolate as if I was addicted. Since stopping, (about 3 weeks ago) I no longer feel bloated. In fact I lost some weight. Probably water but I still feel so much lighter. My breasts no longer hurt. In fact they have come down to my original size. My clothes fit better and I no longer get mood swings. This pill seems to work great for a lot of people and that is great but for me it was a nightmare. I have so much more energy now and feel more like myself. 
I 've been on Apri for a week and a half and have had very bad crying spells out of no where and depression. I have to use the bathroom every like 30 minutes. And my acne has gotten worse.
This has been the worst birth control pill I 've ever been on.  I 've gained around 10lbs just in 3 weeks of taking this medication. I 've had a period for 7 days when I should of been off at least 2 days ago. I 've been having mood swings and depression!!! Do not take this pill
Peaks and Valleys:I felt like I had peaks and valley 's of its effect (and side-effects).  I would feel its effects one hour after I took it, and they would be mostly gone six hours after the dose.  So even taking it four times a day did not provide stable relief.  Effects:It cut my anxiety down by about 40%.  Benzodiazepines cut it by about 90%.  Side-Effects:-I felt a roaring sensation in my head.  -It also made me feel depressed sometimes.Buspar side effects aren 't too bad, but it doesn 't provide that much relief either.
I had switched to Microgestin from Lutera for the  menstrual suppression option (which I can 't do on Lutera). Within the first week my chin started breaking out and after two months it was left covered in pimples and scars. I switched back to Lutera a few weeks ago and my skin has completely recovered. Really frustrating because I had no other side effects on Microgestin but the breakouts were just awful. I should note that I have never had acne or suffered from prolonged breakouts.
I thought that lo lo would be a good choice of birth-control for me but I regret taking it. I had really bad migraines, nausea, leg cramps! stomach pains, painful acne and  even though my boobs got bigger, they were  sore for 2 weeks almost 3! Last issue I had with this BC was sex drive.. I think that some people would consider this a good thing but  not for me - it increased my sex drive  and for me I don 't need it right now so it was not a  bonus lol. Period  cramping also  got worse for me 
The diclegis isn 't working. I 'm always sick and throw up twice a day at least. This is the worst feeling in the world. I had horrible morning sickness with my two other children that went away around 15 weeks. I 'm almost 12 weeks and counting the days. This is my third and last pregnancy. I think about this being genetic and cringe and cry at the idea of my daughters going through this.
Good but very risky medicine. I am Psoriasis   Psoriatic Arthritis patient.After 8 years of using Enbrel I developed Lymphoma. Warning labels are not enough. If you think that you will be among the 90 % of patients that are lucky enough, go ahead. But think more than twice before taking an Enbrel shot.
Yaz was great for about three months. Then with time I suddenly started to become too overbearing for many people in my life. I was always high strung, and I had intense symptoms of PMS. It got to the point where my family and friends basically ignored me for two weeks and I lost a relationship from it. It helped give me the estrogen I was lacking while being a great birh control, the PMS factor just overrided the others.
Nexplanon was a  'success&rsquo; for me, in that it turned sex into a bloodbath, and took away my self-esteem to the point where I didn&rsquo;t want sex at all. I had a constant period for the first 10 months, and after that, very irregular cycles (sometimes with adverse PMS mood swings and no period to follow), anxious and depressive episodes, and no sex drive. Some minor changes were that my breasts gained a cup size for the first six months (the only side effect I miss!), and I gained 7lbs within the first three months (not really an issue to me, but I did notice it was difficult to shift, even with a controlled diet and exercise routine). I endured Nexplanon for two months shy of the guideline three years, but I probably won 't opt for it again.
I 've had it in for almost 2 years and have bled pretty much constantly in that time! I 've put on 15kg. I 'm moody lazy and bloated all the time. My life is horrible since having it. I have tried to have it removed 3 times now but Dr keep saying just wait a few more months things will settle. Mmm not likely. I will be changing Dr and having it removed
I had the nexplanon implant inserted in January and for a couple of months it was great. I didn 't have any bleeding or cramps for about the first 2/3 months. Then I started having my period and it would last around 3 weeks. The first time this happened, I was annoyed but I thought maybe it was just a one off thing. Then about a month later, my period started again and lasted for 3 more weeks. I 've called my doctor and they say it 's nothing to worry about, but it 's incredibly annoying to be on your period for more than a week. I 've spent more time in the last 5 months on my period than off it. My doctor has recommended I try a birth control pill to regulate my periods, but I wouldn 't recommend nexplanon. It 's not worth the hassle.
I had switched to Microgestin from Lutera for the  menstrual suppression option (which I can 't do on Lutera). Within the first week my chin started breaking out and after two months it was left covered in pimples and scars. I switched back to Lutera a few weeks ago and my skin has completely recovered. Really frustrating because I had no other side effects on Microgestin but the breakouts were just awful. I should note that I have never had acne or suffered from prolonged breakouts.
Female, 61 with chronic insomnia. Been on Ambien off and on since 1998. diagnosed with chronic abdominal pain too which impacts my sleep . Ambien worked pretty well, but my insurance just stopped paying for it so I am trying out Belsomra. Took one 10mg tab at 7:30 as directed. Went to bed at 10:00; didn 't really feel tired. Stared at the ceiling with a headache until 3:00am. Took another 10mg tab and finally fell asleep about 3:30. Had an extremely vivid nightmare. (I have always dreamed in Technicolor and stereophonic sound, but this was over the top.) Woke up at 5:00am then fell back asleep and had a normal dream, but then was only in a very light sleep when the alarm went off at 7:00am. Will try again tonight with 20mg. The jury is out.
Tried this for a few days to help with anxiety instead of my usual Klonopin, at bedtime.  Do not just switch to another benzo without transitioning.  Had bad nightmares all night and was a wreak the following days.  Might be good for some people, and maybe more for daytime anxiety but definitely didn 't help my sleep (even when taking a higher dose than I normally do of Klonopin).  On a side note, don 't rely on benzos long-term (&gt; 1 month).  You will quickly dig yourself a hole as tolerance inevitably builds and your sleep and mental state will be worse than when you started.  Been on benzos for &gt; 2 years and I 'm slowly reducing mine and it sucks pretty bad.  Get on something safer and non-tolerance building.  The sooner the better.
I have suffered with migraines since I was 2 years old and I am now 36. I have tried every migraine med on the market nothing worked for me like Extra Strength Excedrine. Recently it was taken off the market and then put back on I have noticed the increase in caffeine in the Excedrine and less of the pain med. I am very disappointed by this! After all these years the #1 med I depended on no longer works.
I loved this pill at first, it got rid if my terrible cramps. A few months after, however, I had two periods each month. Now I have a period every other week. The birth control pill is a hit-or-miss type of business.
A soon as I took it I started having blurry images, I couldn 't breathe and everything turned for the worse. I feel like everything that surrounds me are circling or rolling.
If you live, for decades after taking levaquin, you will experience multiple tendon ruptures, in your arms, shoulders, legs and achillies tendons.  All your muscles will forever be weak and your reflexes slow.  Do not take, under any circumstances, unless you want to destroy your health.
This drug is very affective but the side effects are kinda crappy!!! I would get stiffness in my neck and spasms in my back that were hard to deal with.
The doctor gave me 25mg.  I think this is too strong for me.  Now I have a very bad headache
I 've been on the 145 for less than a week, and am disappointed that nothing 's happening yet. Dr. told me to increase to 290 if I don 't see any results, that will be next step.
It works really well on the cough. The only problem I have with it, it makes my blood pressure come up. I have never had a problem with my blood pressure till I took this medication.
12 weeks and no change. The most expensive weight loss medication I have taken even with the card. Constipation and frequent need to urinate.
Very sensitive to medication. Can nottake histamines. Finally have outgrownallergies. Off and on about 20 yrs.
I started on 100 mg to help with the sexual side effects of Celexa.  For the first five months, it worked great (April - September).  At the end of September through to October, I started to have memory and concentration problems.  I started to think I had done things and actually did not.  My last straw was when I &quot;know&quot; I sent an e-mail and eventually found out that I had not.  I &quot;remember&quot; typing and sending the e-mail, but it never happened.  I went to the doctor today and she took me off of it and because of the sexual side effects of Celexa, she started me on Zoloft.  I have tried Paxil in the past, but it gave me hallucinations.  Hope the Zoloft works.
I took this medicine before bed and within 3 hours I got a severe sore throat and I felt like I had sometime lodged in the back of my mouth.  The following morning I woke up to a very sore jaw and it hurts to open my mouth. The sore throat is still bad, however its not as severe as it first was.  I only took one of the doses, so I do not know what would happen if I kept taking it (don 't know how well it would treat the UTI). I 've never had an allergic reaction to any other medicine.
I have been on Wellbutrin 150mg for 3 days now, doc said to up the dose to 300 mg after my first week, it has been hell to say the least. I have had terrible migraines, a very  'slumpled/sluggish ' feeling, and I can 't sleep!!! If anything, I feel worse! I just want this terrible phase to be over! *one thing positive I will add is that it has helped me with my weight tremendously - I have lost 10 pounds in 10 days. Loosing about a pound a day on this medication.
this medication made me get rosacea after an all nighter and made me feel like vomiting every time I had to take it with 500 calories. it made me too crazy and there 's still the lingering effect and no one thought I was crazy before that or knew and then it was obvious and still is. I never used to get crazy laughing before I don 't think but I don 't know if it 's also because I was in a mental hospital with tons of crazy people and picked up their behaviour. my looks got completely ruined by this medication forever. I 'm on 12 mgs of invega and 300 mgs of lamictal right now and I 'm doing much better but I think I should be on 400 mgs of lamictal.
Prescribed for high blood pressure. I have heart disease and cluster headaches, back problems. Did not know verapamil was prescribed for cluster headache. Sometime my headaches are in one spot, other times all over. Pray for me.
Weight gain.
I was prescribed this by a PA who also works for the FDA. I was a bit hesitant to try at first after reading the patient pamphlet from the pharmacy. I gave in once the PA assured me that it was an established medicine that has been around for decades with few if any side effects. After approximately two months on this, I was amazed at how clear my skin had become. However, I also noticed that my teeth were beginning to develop brown spots on them as if I had just eaten chocolate.  I shared this concern with the PA during a follow-up visit and she claimed to have never heard of that side effect in adults. I was advised to discontinue the medicine. 
Used to be somewhat effective (hence it even getting a 3) but now is about as effective as placebo at best. The only things keeping me stable right now are Seroquel XR, Wellbutrin XL, and a lot of caffeine. I 'm still trying to even get an appointment scheduled with my psychiatrist so I can get off of this useless drug and on to something that might actually work, and it 's probably not going to be an SSRI, since I 've taken several of them before and none of them have worked except Paxil, but that gave me too many side effects.
I took this medication for nearly two months before seeking a second opinion about my hormonal migraines.  I was only having 1-2 migraines a month; however they would last 4-5 days at a time.  When the pain medications didn 't help, my doctor started me on Topamax.  I do a great deal of technical writing and crisis management in my job, and my migraines really got in the way.  I was able to deal with the weight loss and taste changes, but the difficulty in concentrating became a serious issue. When I started losing hair, that was the last straw.  If my migraines became worse I may return to Topamax though.
Okay I&rsquo;m on this medicine right now and I am a older teenager and I don&rsquo;t recommend it! I mean yes I can have sex but still I&rsquo;ve been gaining so much weight that I have to starve myself!! I&rsquo;m always so moody and I never want to do anything. I get very depressed especially at night and I cry so hard until my throat is raw! I don&rsquo;t mind being able to have sex without worries but it&rsquo;s not worth all this that I&rsquo;m going through! I honestly miss my period I feel so unhealthy without it.
When I take in am, I 'm so tired for 3 hours to the point of dozing off and on.At night I 'm like a fish in bed, flopping all over! Restless, up down can 't sleep. Why?
The Tylenol PM worked .... TOO GOOD!  After 20 minutes I would have a great night 's sleep.  I have been taking it for years .... then my son told me the new reports about this causing dementia.  I stopped immediately.  The side effects after I stopped have been pretty severe.  I never dreamt that there would be withdrawals from this until I googled it but I have most of the symptoms (except for the shakes and nightmares).... dizzy, light headedness, nausea, unable to sleep.  After all I thought, since I talked to my doctor over and over about them (and he said no problem) and they were over the counter, I was good.  WRONG!  Bad stuff.  Tell everyone you know to stop them.
I 've taken Dulcolax before and it worked great.  I have a drawer of constipation pills cuz I always need something.  Yesterday at 4pm I couldn 't poop &amp; this has been going on for almost a week.  So I reached in my drawer &amp; pulled out the Dulcolax &amp; took 2 pills. Nothing happened until I woke up at 2:45am with severe heartburn &amp; back pain. I thought I might throw up; it didn 't  occur to me  the medicine could have caused this until my tummy started rumbling. I went to the bathroom a few times but only gas.  Finally I was able to go &amp; had runny diarrhea for half hour straight. Every time I try to lay down to fall back asleep my stomach hurts again. It 's now 4:30am &amp; I 'm still awake :(
I have been using Epiduo for a month now and have had acne for a few years. It is great at getting rid of the acne but the side effects are bad on me. It made my eye swell up and go red and cause major irritation. When I go back to my dermatologist I will ask to be put on something else.
I am an emotional wreck. I cry about everything! My sex drive is down. My acne is worse. My cysts are inflamed, but I have STOPPED bleeding. The many different bc pills didn 't help with that. I have bled 3 ish weeks out of the month for the past few years and nuvaring is our (mine and my gyno 's) last effort before taking out my uterus (I 'm 26). I 'm really hoping that some of these side effect calm down the more my body gets used to this medicine because right now it is trading one bad situation for another.
I have been taking Pylera for 6 days and besides dry mouth general feeling of being ill I noticed my tongue is getting dark (a known side effect) this is a very difficult medication to take for 10 days, however, I will continue in hopes the H. Pylori bacteria will be eradicated.
Nausea/ vomiting.  Took tablet 45 minutes before lunch time and I still needed to slow down to avoid build nausea toward Cheerios and a banana.  Lunch is 50 minutes long and it still did not curb nausea with food I considered safe.  Thinking there might still be some coverage 6 hours later I tried eating a carrot but my body quickly rejected it.
I loved the nexplanon for a week after my period ended and now I 've been non stop bleeding for about two   weeks now. I 'm so disappointed and I want to get mine removed. I knew going into getting it that there would be &quot;spotting&quot; but I didn 't expect to have a heavy period for 2   weeks. Never will I get this again.
Well, the Ella tablet worked for me, but that&rsquo;s pretty much the only reason why I&rsquo;m giving it any stars. The side effects were HORRIBLE. Absolutely horrible.I felt fine the first day I took it, but days 2-5 were a mess. I believe it has such horrible side effects because it is comprised of the same chemical structure as the abortion pill, it just acts on your ovaries instead of the endometrium. My ovaries HURT. I felt a pulling sensation on my uterus the entire time which made it extremely hard to sleep. I got all of the same symptoms that I did when I was pregnant last year- fatigue, nausea, aversion to smells, loss of appetite, sore boobs, v painful uterus, numbness in legs and feet, dizziness. I also kept missing turns and exits while driving, which I never do- especially in my own town.I felt like I was dying with the flu the whole time the medication was active in my system, and then suddenly, at 2am on day 6, all of my symptoms spontaneously ended in an instant. It was really strange. But I have a giant ovarian cyst now along with my period. I&rsquo;m never taking this med again. I have taken Plan B in the past with no issues.
I have been on Alesse for a long time, and it never works as it should. My period was unpredictable in the sense that even if my pack said my period wasn 't due for a week, it could come any time. Sometimes it would come a week early, sometimes a week late. I did not get pregnant on this (but we do use condoms). 
I just started taking Sertraline a few days ago. I 've had a difficult past month. I had an episode with Afib, acid reflux, my sister who I was very close to passing away. A diabetic ulcer, and more.I 've had several trips to the ER in the past month with all with the same outcome-anxiety. I 've been off work for most of this past month which adds to stress.I have problems when my wife is at work or away. As you can see, I 'm a nervous wreck!No improvement yet as they say it takes a couple of weeks for any improvement.I will let you know how things are going.
Let me just say last month from the evening of the 1st to the morning of the 3rd I used 50 pads !! A few tampons too ! I started lysteda on the evening of the 1st this month, yes it was lighter !! 28 pads in 2 days. Day 3 and 4 got heavier!! Today I had clotting like I 've never seen in my 30 plus years of having a cycle (dollar bill size). The cramps were so bad I felt like I was in labor !! I do suffer from fibriod tumors, and anemia due to heavy bleeding . I 'm having a hysterectomy next month, and my Dr wants me to take these pills again next month. I WILL NOT TAKE ANY MORE OF THESE PILLS !! NOT 1 MORE !!
I was on Gildess and it was good for the most part (experienced extremely large breasts and they are already too big to begin with!) and then the pharmacy switched to Blisovi and it made everything worse!! Even larger breasts, extreme tenderness, and so much cramping and pain! Seriously, it 's like I 'm not even on a pill when Aunt Flo comes around. I can 't wait to switch this pill!! But it does prevent pregnancy (I 'm hoping) so I 'm giving it 3 stars.
My doctor prescribed this after he decided out of the blue that he wasn 't comfortable prescribing me Donnatal anymore.  Donnatal was a 10/10 in terms of relief and lank of side effects, but Bentyl has been awful.  Blurry vision, nausea, coordination problems, flushing of the skin, hot flashes, extreme dry mouth and eyes, and maybe half the time very slight relief from cramping and pain.  The negative side effects absolutely outweigh the minimal benefits, especially the added nausea on top of the nausea from my IBS.  I 'm supposed to take 4 per day but even 2 per day and the side effects are unbearable.  I can 't drive after I take this either because of the vision and dizziness issues.Hands down one of the worst poisons I 've put in my body.
On narcotics, muscle relaxers for neuropathic pain from inoperable herniated discs, arthritis in back.  Narcotics cut in half by doctor and prescribed Lyrica, 75mg once at night, then 75mg am and pm and on til taking 150mg am, pm.  Nothing.  Today an additional 75 mg to be added midday.  Decided to check here before taking more.  Wow.  I have had left hand/arm jerks where my arm just flies up, once throwing iPad mini across the room, another time scatting nuts everywhere while chopping them.  I now realize this condition started with Lyric and gets worse with increased dosage.I am going to slowly stop this drug because  a) it does nothing for pain, and b) what has it done to my brain?
Been on 10mg for 11 months and hardly any improvement. Been on 20mg for 2 months and it actually got worse.
7.5mg I truly didn 't find very helpful at all...I probably could have taken 3 tylenol 's and got the same relief.
Feel very disconnnected from reality and more depressed and moody also sleep a lot.
I have had the same experience as many.  The 50mg worked well but anxiety is now a problem and I have to force myself out of bed. Don 't feel like I function well. Love the weight loss but now I have had it combined with Celexa and it is not making me feel buoyant at all. I am not sure if I suffer from ADHD or may have some bipolar... this drug is not the miracle I had hoped for....I have been on it for almost 3 months.
I have been taking Sprintec since May 2016.  I was doing great on the blue pill, but when it came to taking the white pill for 7 days, I would bleed for weeks straight at a time.  So, playing doctor, I just started taking the blue pill and would skip over taking the white pill and I would spot every now and then. When I did do that I would have severe cramps (never had cramps before in my life) and decided to finish the pack as suggested (blue/white pills).  Now it is August and for three weeks I have been bleeding non-stop.  I have not taken any of my blue pills since Sunday, July 31st, to see if the bleeding would stop and sure enough it HASN 'T....I am tired of cramping when on the pill and bleeding when I follow the directions.  HELP???
Pill worked well at preventing pregnancy but I would bleed for 3-5 weeks straight. It was awful and made me very very very cranky and moody.
Only recently has the makers of Topamax been disclosing the potential risks of Acidosis, Renal Tubular Acidosis and bone disease. After being on this drug for 6 years or so, I developed kidney stones (another side effect) on five different occasions. My urine citrate levels dipped to 18. 550 and higher is normal. I had become so ill, I was close to renal failure. Calium and vitamine D levels were dangerously low. My bones developed osteomalasia, or softening of the bones. 
I have taken off/on for several years, no problem, but recently I took because I had Crab meat and than few days later a hamburger; I don 't these very often because of gout.  I took the medicine for the crab meat and awoke with severe itching in my hands and some swelling.  When I had the hamburger I again took the medicine, this time not only did my hands itch and swell; my entire body did, including my tongue.  Apparently I can never take this medicine again, just have to stay away from any of the foods on the no-no list.
I was prescribed Belviq because I have multiple health issues rooted in obesity. The first couple weeks were dramatic, lost about ten pounds, which I presume must have been water weight, as it does eliminate excess sugar through urine excretion. I was still drinking adequate water (1-2quarts/day) to stay hydrated, but night time leg cramps interrupted my sleep up to 3x per night. Also was eating less, but weight loss plateaued after the first month. Another side effect that forced me to stop Belviq was the brain fog after taking a couple weeks. I could not complete a thought, much less stay organized like I needed to be for work. I was also pretty tired most of the time. Not worth it.
I was on Paxil when my doctor switched me to brintellix 10 mg. The Paxil had stopped helping with my anxiety and depression. I experienced the itchy skin for the first week but that subsided. I did experience some nausea but it went away also. I was on this medication for 4 months and at first it was GREAT! I felt so much better however I started noticing my energy level was decreasing and weight gain. At my last dr appt, I had gained 8 pds in 2 wks which was a total of almost 25 pounds in 4 months!! Needless to say, dr stopped medicine immediately and switched me again. So if you have a tendency to gain weight this medication may cause you to pick up pounds in a short amt of time!! Even tho weight gain is not listed as a main side effect.
My doctor put me on this med and it does work but DAMN!  The fatigue sometimes is almost unbearable.  I am lucky that I didn 't have any Stomach issues but the Fatigue is really getting to me.  I had to leave work in the afternoon just so I can lay down.   I have my good days and.   The second day of the shot seems to be the worse.    Not sure what I am going to do since it is really helping my A1C but I still struggle with Fatigue which of course affects everything else,  my sex drive is almost gone and all I want to do is go to sleep.
Ever since I started using Nexplanon I 've been bleeding NON STOP &amp; it 's extremely heavy. I had 2 days with no bleeding and on the 3rd I started again. I 'm thinking about getting it taken out unless I can talk to my doctor about a way around the bleeding.
This pill worked wonders for 6 months for my endometriosis until it, mixed with anxieties about going off to college and being an adult, triggered a horrible depressive and anxiety-fuelled episode that lasted 2 weeks. I couldn 't bear to get out of bed, showering felt like running a marathon, I hated looking at myself, and I cried daily over nothing. I have never had an episode that bad and once I got off of it I felt slightly better, but I ended up having to go on Lexapro! Be careful taking this if you have a mental health condition!
After having my 3rd child I had the Paragard inserted March 2017. I thought it was a great option because it was hormone free. I got my first period and it was normal but in April I did not get a period at all and was worried I was pregnant. The past month I have been severely bloated to the point that I look 5 months pregnant. It 's not the baby weight because I had been working out 5 days a week and my stomach was relatively flat again until the last month. The bloating is very uncomfortable as well. It is now May 2017 and for the past two weeks I have been nauseous, had cramps and been spotting. I finally got my period yesterday and it is very heavy to the point I bled through two outfits. I used to have a light period that lasted 2 days.
I started the 24mcg for chronic constipation.  I took one pill at noon yesterday, 12am today and just took another (11:45 am).   I guess I thought I would feel something by now.  No real cramps or noises in my bowel, it just seems like it 's not doing anything yet.  I 'm jealous of the people that got immediate relief... It 's been almost 2 weeks since I had any movement at all.  Has anyone switched from this to Linzess or are they pretty similar medications?
After going on my 4th month of taking Gianvi, I had to stop taking this product completely. While this birth control pills does the job of preventing pregnancy and is very easy to take, it also had significant side effects that way surpassed the pros. I had terrible mood swings, deep depressing feelings over trivial situations, uncontrollable crying and a total loss of sex drive. At first I  thought it was just early menopause  ( at age 40) but after doing some research and experiment , I  realized that it was the bc pills.
I got this inserted in April .. going on 5 months now. I have had period , after period, after period and they last about 2 weeks.. no sex drive, headaches, acne, mood swings like no other. I 'm tired of feeling sick to my stomach day in and day out. How am I supposed to care for my 7 yr old while going through this?!?! All my doctor told me is it 's not regulated yet give it 4-6 months.. 4-6 MONTHS???? I  get cramps but not the normal period cramping.. it 's down lower and hurts like hell :(. I wanted this to work out but I 'm not going to go through this for 3 yrs..
I took 2 of this ducolax pill on a Thursday night before I go to bed, that night was fine until the next morning around 5am my smach started to hurt a little but I did not really care and continue sleeping. Then I woke up at 7 with still a little stomach Pain and went straight to toilet and it was all watery. I thought it ended until I went to work and the whole day I didn 't feel well and  keep going to toilet with nothing coming out. Then until at night after dinner, cramping started and I went straight to toilet and same thing, watery... Then after that keep wanting to vomit, not recommending to take this.
Just woke up from sleep, for the 6th time in the space of an hour. This thing give me weird dreams, and I 'm not joking by that. I almost felt I was developing schizophrenia. It seems to blur the distinction between the dream state and reality: I was asleep but I could still move, although in a very slow, paralyzed manner. The interactions with people in my dreams were insanely vivid. This is not the first time, but the dreams have never been this wild!Tired, but scared to go back to sleep.Oh, it does help with slowing down the body and relaxing muscle, but it seems to wear off as quickly as it sets on.
I started taking this 3 days ago... first night had very strange and vivid dreams, all with an angry tone... woke up with terrible night sweats. Having headaches everyday. (I usually suffer from migraines but was previous on wellbutrin which stopped them so now that they 're back I 'm really frustrated and my normal headache meds arent touching these headaches at all) and nausea/vomiting at night. I 'm hoping this will all go away :( will give it another week or so and keep you updated...
My partner took Zyban to help him quit smoking.Yes it did help him to stop BUT the side effects have been horrific.I WOULD NOT recommend anyone using this.For the past 5 and a half years he has suffered TERRIBLE mood swings, to the point that he frightens me and there has been a little violence (in the early days).He has had suicidal thoughts (and still does now occasionally).Our happy little family unit has almost been destroyed.......we are still together by the grace of God but for how much longer I don 't know.I know his health has probably improved no end due to no longer smoking but his mental health has suffered greatly and sadly I don 't know if things will ever improve.
I suffer from extreme panic attacks when being alone and I feel that all this medication did was make me extremely drowsy. The first two days I took this medication, all I could do and wanted to do was lie around. I had no motivation to do much and I felt on edge. Although it gave me a calming affect and helped my anxiety a little, I wish this wouldn 't make me so drowsy. Will talk to doctor and hopefully be prescribed something different.
Lots of nausea
Prepping for a colonoscopy... Mixed powders with 1/4 of water recommended so as to dissolve, refrigerated then added orange gaterade.  Used hard peppermint candy after each quarter hour dose.  First movement was within an hour of the end of the first dose.  Began at 4pm, with 2nd doses beginning at 9:30pm    Effective colon cleansing but side effects were terrible.  Massive migraine even though I took a preventative triptan, insomnia, diarrhea several times during the night and next morning and nausea.  I will never use this product again!
I am 58 and have some osteoarthritis in my right knee.  I have had 3 shots now and I am not feeling it.  Still hard to walk / painful.  I will be receiving 1 more shot and hoping and hoping it kicks in???
I have Degenerative disc disease (DDD), a grade 2 spondylolisthesis at L5-S1, arthritis, and other chronic pain issues. Like others I 've tried Vicodin, Percocet, oxycodone, suboxone, subutex, and now Belbuca because my insurance won 't cover Subutex!! It makes NO SENSE to me that they 'll cover something that costs more than twice the price but doesn 't even begin to help as much as Subutex did!!!! I like being on buprenorphine because I feel like I get enough pain relief to make it bearable, but Belbuca not only won 't stay stuck to my cheek like it says it will it gives me headaches DAILY!!!!! I 've been on it for a little over 2 weeks and had to give myself 2 migraine shots this past week!! I couldn 't tell you the last time I had to give myself 2 within 2 months!!
I am on my third dose of Tysabri. I did poorly on Avonex, and my neurologist has been hesitant to place me on the other Multiple Sclerosis medicines due to the serious side effects of the Avonex. I developed sepsis 10 times in 2 years. So when I was admitted to the hospital and transferred to ICU twice in 2 months due to MS we decided to try Tysabri. The side effects have been difficult to say the least. Terrible urinary tract infections, headaches, ringing of the ears, anxiety, and depression. I am JCV positive so in fairness the anxiety may be due to fear of the PML virus. I am scheduled to have lab work after the next infusion and will make a decision on continuing therapy.
Sinus pressure and infection, got Zpack for the first time ever. One week later and  my sinuses are still clogged, headache lasted 5 days and feels like it will reoccur. Diarrhea every day. Tried every single homeopathic way to beat this feeling. Still can 't sleep well and nose runs. This sucks.
I have suffered from anxiety and depression for many years and recently have been advised that I needed to change my medication. I was on paroxetine for about 10 years and am on day 9 of Pristiq. Nausea, insomnia and dizziness have been the worst side effects however I was taking it in the morning and it was making me so sleepy that Doctor suggested taking it at night. I noticed a huge difference in my mood yesterday having not taken it in the morning, I was extremely anxious and cried all day. I took it last night and immediately felt more relaxed so I am hoping that in a few days the sadness and despair subside. I have also had a decrease in appetite probably due to the nausea. I am going to stick with it and hope for the best.
I 've been on this medication for 1 year or even 2 years with 300 mg. I still have extreme mood swings and it doesn 't help at all, I want lithium or other bipolar medicine - this doesn 't work at all for me. I 'm really scared to gain weight while on some other medication because I already gained 20 kg from an antipsychotic medicine before but I can live with this. My bipolar illness gets worse and worse I still have a good medicine &quot;base&quot; tho. It 's not as extreme as a couple of years ago but I 'm only 19 years old so I 'm looking forward trying something else.
My LDL is high HDL is low and triglycerides are high. Dr. Recommend me for Crestor 5 mg. initially I couldn 't recognise the leg pain and numbness. I couldn 't sleep for several night while on this medicine for few days. I stopped taking Crestor after reading its reviews and that stopped my leg pain. I am 35 years old and decided to go with fish oil, healthy diet and exercise.
Side effect. Swollen ankles
I have been taking this medication off an on for abut 10 years.  My experience is that it lowers my blood pressure to around 120/60 from average 140/75.  My problem is it causes me to have problems with my legs and I can 't have good erections. I stop it for few days and my erection returns to normal.  That 's my biggest problem with it.
I didn 't notice any side effects with Errin until I was on it for about 5 months. That 's when I realized I was depressed. Cried at the drop of a hat and for no reason, got upset/angry at things that I normally wouldn 't think twice about, etc. I didn 't know what was causing this but decided to go off the pill to see if that would help. Within a couple weeks, I was back to my old self. I also didn 't realize it at the time, but Errin seriously lowered my sex drive.
Had mirena put in at 6 week post partum check up as directed by doctor. Had lots of bleeding for 10 months. Abdominal pain was present talked to doctor said my body had to adjust. Then came the bloating it came and went along with the pain.. Intercourse was painful not to pleasent some times. Had 3 uti 's while I had it in. My skin was in the most beautiful state before I started and dramatically changed.. My face became very oily and developed acne. My hair began to fall more than usual shedding. I had to go to the doctor because I couldn 't feel it.. She ran ultrasound the strings were flipped. I had gained 30 lbs those 2 yrs. Right after I had it in even though I breastfed for the life it was in. Once I had remove all is getting better.
First day, first dose. Bowel urgency greater than I ever could imagine. If I want to have the contents of my bowels liquefied, I can take magnesium citrate. I 'm nauseous and I have a headache. I 'll have to only take it on days when I am close to a private toilet.
Thought all my issues were from babysitting 3 kids under 5 for 5 years. Brain fog, blurry vision, severe muscle and joint pain in mid and lower back,anxious, awful Charlie horses in foot,leg pain, feeling like I aged 10 years. Been to 2 spine docs, chiro for 6 months, physical therapy, unlimited trips to my GP.  (yes you have stress) no kidding I am in pain. Not one Doc said it was my meds. Finally going to a pain management doc for my back. My elbows started to hurt over summer and when I mentioned it to him he I said could it be pravistatin he said he has seen it before. Stopped pravistatin 2 months ago, fog is gone, no charlie horses, anxious well down, back is FINALLY starting to feel better. I am so mad no Dr ever mentioned it!
I have to agree it is a good medicine to detox on however your detox from the methadose is gonna be a long hard road. Unless you are planning on staying on it forever you can count on a long hard withdrawal. It does work wonders for pain but when you move away or get cut off it lands you in a situation of finding another doctor to write for it or the dreaded methadone clinics that charge $11 to $15 a day! Wonderful for pain even got me up and mobile.
OK so I 'm a 21yr old Virgin and i won 't lie Iv never been to the gyne to get a YI diagnosis I just asked my mom. I described the symptom 's she said it was just a YI so I said I think I 'll just buy a Monistat. Never really knew much about this product so I just grabbed the first one i saw said 1 day treatment I thought sweet bye bye YI. Well I put it in around 7:30 and took a short nap before my night shift @10. As I was headed to work I noticed a burning sensation then I went to the bathroom and OMG after I peed and wiped it was HELLFIRE on my poor virgin vag. Have no idea how to get this liguid fire out of me. I discharged a huge bunch of it after that it ebbed a bit not much though still hot, sore and swollen. ); I hope I didnt break my V
I gave it 4 stars because it did prevent pregnancy. I regret ever getting it. I had a ton of beautiful curly hair and this caused my hair to fall out in handfuls. I wish I had gotten it removed sooner or never gotten it. I had it removed a year ago and my hair has stopped falling out so much, but it 's never gotten back to the way it was. It 's thin and dry and looks like crap. I miss my beautiful hair. I hate looking at it now, I 'm ashamed of it. If I could go back, I would NOT get this!!! Plus it 's weird having it in your arm. Sometimes you get painful twinges. Or you have to be careful not to let anyone touch you there because they could push on one end of it. I don 't recommend it.
I 've been on this Birth Control for about 2 years, I just recently stopped it in the middle of my 3 week cycle of it (I got my period 2 days after I took it out so beware). When I first started this I felt anxious a lot and always moody, definitely didn 't have any libido what so ever. Also I gained so much weight, and I exercise and ate pretty decent where I shouldn 't gain 30lbs all together. When it was about a year into the ring I gained about 15lbs then I stopped it for 2 months lost a few pounds easy and then put myself back on it and gained 30lbs. I really don 't like it and don 't plan to go back on it....it 's funny when I stopped I lost 5lbs the next day.
I went to urgent care Dr. Because my primary Dr. Was on vacation.  I had seen this Dr. Before when I had a bad case of sinus problem which he gave antibiotics. It cleared me up for 3 weeks and then I had a bad relapse. Went back to the same Dr who prescribed methylprednisolone 4mg dose ok. And stronger antibiotics. Man oh man !! My sciatica was inflamed! I could not sleep had to walk with a cane I was in so much pain I wanted to stop taking them but a nurse said continue to take them  cause this medicine works throughout your body a certain way then if it continue see your primary Dr. I 'm not finish yet . I had to miss my best friend husband retirement party! And still having issues.
Day 8 and increasing dosage slowly. Foggy brain better. Some areas of pain are better, but hands/wrist are at a 10 pain level now. Swollen and tender.  Not sure what is going on but hope it tones down soon.  It feels like the hydrocodone is not working as well now and little pain relief.  Nausea and hot flashes are the main side effects so far.  I noted others were taking night dose early in day to help with not sleeping at night. Will try that since I am still awake half the night.
I was attracted to the four periods a year setup. I had really bad cramps and spotting for the first 8 to 9 months on Seasonique. I continued to have intermittent cramps and spotting after. One strange side effect is that after an orgasm I would have a terrible cramping and blood a little later. Not pleasant. I also gained about 10 lbs in one year, which is not normal for me. I go to a gym and avoid junk food. I was generally puffy and no matter how much weight training and cardio I did, could NOT GET IN SHAPE. I 'm switching back to Loestrin after I get my weight back to normal. This is an effective birth control but the side effects were a bit unpleasant in my experience.
No change in urinary frequency or urgency.
When I started Risperdal it made my whole body shake the first day, but after that I was restless everyday and I couldn 't sit down for long periods of time. The medicine helped a lot with delusions and hallucinations (including audio) and helped a bit with reality perception but did not help with irrational thinking. Gained 15 lbs.
Was on Cymbalta 60mg. for a few years for depression with  all my other medications and the side effects causing dry mouth for all these years. Taking a depression medicine will cause your teeth to start going bad. So bout 7 months ago after a RN nurse told me about depression medicines having this side effect and that Cymbalta will cause my teeth to start falling out my mouth  my doctor switched me to Lexapro 10mg. I have lost more teeth in the past 7 months than I did on Cymbalta 60mg. And I have started using mouth rinse for dry mouth. Cause I keep a dry mouth with all this medication I 'm on.  And still hurt everyday. Still depressed, still have anxiety at times. I have headaches, restless nights, pain and numbness in lower legs  that can 't be explained 
I 'm taking Novo Cipro for a bladder/kidney infection. I have to take 1 pill, twice a day, 12 hours apart. I think it 's working because when I went to the hospital and got diagnosed I could barely walk. 5 days later, I 'm fully upright again. &amp; I think I can thank the Cipro &amp; my hot water bag for that!However, there are so many side effects. When I 'm not keeling over from the pain from my bladder infection, the abdominal pains set in. I also have a terrible cramp/swelling in my left wrist &amp; arm. The first 3-4 days on this medication, I was exhausted. I could not stay awake for the life of me. My back was hurting, my whole body felt sore. I had a fever, cold sweats at night &amp; migraines!! Terrible migraines!!
I have been taking Norvasc 5mg for 6 months. It makes me tired, have had weight gain, and now have palpitations when I take it. It hasn 't lowered my blood pressure by much. I exercise daily and take vitamins.
I have been on Junel 1/20 for 2 months and just started my third pack. The first 2 months were fine. My periods are regular and actually shorter and lighter than they 've ever been which is a plus!! But  every night since I started this pack, I 've woke up with nausea and vomiting!  I 've also had a terrible headache every day... One side effect I 've had all along is lack of sex drive. Everyone responds differently to birth control but unfortunately,  I do not think this one is for me.
I 've always had slightly dry eyes but it was tolerable until after I had Lasik. After a couple of months, the doctor suggested I try Xiidra. The first couple of weeks seemed ok but I could feel any improvement. The doctor said I should continue with OTC eye drops and ointment. After about 3 weeks though, my eyes began itching, like I have never experienced. It was intolerable. I wanted to rub my eyes out. I wasn 't sure if it was the medication or allergies so I stopped the medication. It 's been a few days now and my eyes are feeling better. Still dry but not the crazy itching.
my story with this medication is so strange. I was diagnosed with PCOS about 5 years ago and since then I 've been taking microgestian 1/20. For about 4 years it really helped keep my skin clear and balance out my hormone levels. Back in January I was living away from home and ran out. I didn 't find a new endriconologist until about May. She prescribed me a higher dosage of microgestian which was the 1.5. I took two packs of this and my skin resulted in the worst cystic acne since I was a teenager. I stopped taking it and asked her to put me on the old prescription of 1/20. I 've been on that one for two packs and am currently on the third pack. I 've seen no improvement on my skin and actually think it 's getting worse. Any advice?
I am Rxed this 6/day for neuropathy but on the side for anxiety too. In my opinion, if you have panic attacks, just stick to a benzodiazepine as if you 're not taking long term, it 's not bad. If you find Gabapentin to work, then take that but usually Gabapentin is given as a regimen for generalized anxiety. I 've never had luck with Gabapentin but I would prefer someone take that for chronic anxiety than a benzo. However, don 't let the med fool you... It can be a nightmare to get off of this med. Sometimes just as hard as benzo 's. If you take this daily to prevent panic attacks but don 't have panic attacks daily, I advise against this med. It 's easy to build a tolerance too and constantly have to raise the dose. Not too effective.
I was prescribed Linzess for chronic constipation which I have been dealing with for years. I was prescribed 145 Mg. The first day I took one it worked great. I continued taking them every day as prescribed but they weren 't working. I read that there is a larger Mg so when I hadn 't gone to the bathroom for a week I took 2. BIG MISTAKE!! It started with horrible stomach pains which continued for 13 hours without being able to have  a bowel movement. I was also vomiting. I had horrible heartburn too. I finally was able to go without warning all over the place. I had severe diarrhea for 5 hours. I mean severe!! Its been 2 days and I still don 't feel well.I will go back to taking 1 and see what happens.
I 've been on Depo-Provera for about 6 weeks now. As for my period it 's been amazing. I haven 't gotten my period once and I 've gotten spotting once and it last around 2 seconds. Unfortunetly about once a week I get excruciating migraines to the point where I can 't see. Also I am having such bad hair loss I 'm starting to get worried. I 'm also finding some foods I love, are making me nauseous and I 've became slightly claustrophobic. The worst of all though are my constant mood swings. I am constantly mad over nothing at my boyfriend. Almost every other day I seem to get really mad out of no where.  It 's like I 'm not myself. Depression isn 't really an issue but it comes with my mood swings. I also have no sex drive whatsoever.
I 've had it for a year and a half. My periods are much better. But recently I 've been bleeding for two weeks straight, very strange, but I do work with all girls... Why I rated it a 3 is because I gained 60 pounds. That is so depressing for a woman. I 've tried every healthy diet, diet pills, working out. Eating all organic non processed foods. EVERYTHING. I am now depressed about my weight. I 'm on Wellbutrin an antidepressant which helps a lot with my all day uncontrollable hunger. It feels like I 'm high all day long...the hunger never ends. I am an athlete and I live a healthy lifestyle. I can 't even drink because of the antidepressants. So I 'm actually at my gyno right now about to get this thing out of me! I recommend the pill over this.
I had Implanon inserted in January of 08. I have had such a terrible experience with it. For the last year and half I have had my period for a total of roughly 8 months (that 's a combined total not a constant total). I chose Implanon because I was terrible at remembering to take my pills on time. I do have to add though, I am very jealous of those women who are having a wonderful experience with it!
I got this birth control a year and a half ago, for the first year it was great no period or anything did have someWeight gain... About 15 Pounds and it hurts in my arm and took away my sex drive, after a year I stared having my period monthly and they would last TWO WEEKS or more. It made me extremely irratble and moody and now I have to take the pill and have the bar in to regulate my period which didn 't help my moodiness what so ever. I feel like I 'm constantly hungry and I 'm active in the gym and feel like I haven 't lost any weight over an  8 month period. I do not recommend this to anyone
I finished full 10 days of that medicine, doctor did not tell me about anything about probiotics, so right after taking Pylera I have some issues with my bowel movement, had constipation for a while, did colonoscopy and still can not figure out what is wrong with me. Having constant pain under left rib, doing more tests going from family doctor to gastroenterologist. I would recommend, before taking Pylera medication, do a deep research on side effects, because with bad bacteria, your colon 's good bacteria gets killed as well as bad once. 
AUBAGIO was very easy to take. That was the only perk of this medication. It did not help any of my symptoms or prevent any relapses. It caused extreme bowel upset for months and I lost over 3/4 of my hair. It 's side effects said hair THINNING not hair LOSS. I had extreme hair LOSS. When I called to talk to someone all they wanted to tell me were the statistics from their studies. They had zero interest in documenting the real world results and my issues. They had zero desire to help me either. Just kept telling me it would get better. If I would have stayed on the medication I would be bald. I was extremely disappointed in the help (or lack there of).
When I first started this medication it was OK ,I was never told this medicine cause memory loss. It 's really bad, I can 't remember at times if I took my medicine and places I have been going all my life I can 't remember how to get there. Please be aware!!!
This was my first birth control ever, so at the time I didn 't have anything to compare it to. Looking back, it was a pretty bad experience. I have problem skin, and this drug gave me pretty extreme hormonal acne around my jawline that only got worse overtime.Please be careful if you have past experience with acne or if you notice the acne isn 't going away!!! I got acne scars that are just now fading. I also noticed that it nearly completely killed my sex drive and put me in a generally depressive state. It might work for some people, but I urge you to try multiple types of birth control before you settle for one, because something you take everyday should not leave you with such bad side effects.
I took Lamictal for 4 months at 100mg to treat bipolar disorder type I. My mood swings decreased only slightly. I discontinued medication due to the fact that it made me very itchy.
Emotional mess...definite decrease in libido....not my favorite birth control. Great with acne...super duper hungry!
Tests showed my cortisol production was low but I do not feel any better on HC. And I am fatter now than ever before.  I  even have fat on my mid and lower back.
I got nexaplanon 2 months ago and have been bleeding since then. The first few weeks were great, I got this so Id stop having such heavy, cramping and painful periods. In the beginning the bleeding was minimal, and I had no cramping or pain! And my acne cleared up. But boom! a month later the continuous bleeding got heavier and I have cramps and have to take midol 24/7. Also my acne came back worse than I 've ever had it... Just in time for prom:/ my boobs grew 2 sizes but I haven 't gained noticeable weight anywhere else. I don 't know If I should get it removed pronto, or wait 4 months for my body to adapt, but if I read these reviews before I would 've never gotten it. Play it safe... Get something else.
I just recently got this medicine for tooth pain. As I am going to dds for several issues.. My RX I 5/325. I 've noticed it minimizes the pain but doesn 't take it away. I also am going g thru major nausea sometime vomiting. It makes me so tired feeling and always thirsty feeling... I may need to just stick with motrin.. I will talk to her about this when I go for my next appt on tuesday
Had some eye problems, especially when reading small print or looking at computer too long, my feet also hurt/swelled. Benicar has a particularly strong odor in pill form.
I am a HEAVY underarm sweater. So it was no surprise that this medication barely helped reduce my underarm sweat. Not to mention, the bottle only lasts for less the month, a tleast for me. I recommend you save your money and stay away from this product if you think your hyperhidrosis is beyond bad.
I have had Nexplanon since May 2014.  At first it was going really well - I didn 't have any side effects and didn 't get a period for about 6-8 months.  Then when I finally got one it was VERY heavy and lasted for about a month.  After that, I started getting them every few months (still not that bad).  Starting in December it has really gone haywire.  I get a period just about every other week and the last one was so heavy and disgusting that I can 't take it anymore.  Before this, I was relatively cramp free and my periods were very light.  Now it is just too much.  I have an appointment to get this out a week from today.  Only positive is I did not get pregnant.
I 've been on Concerta before and decided to try Adderall. I loved the results, ultra focused. At the beginning I was incredibly happy with it. Unfortunately, I had a severe allergic reaction to it. I 'm not allergic to any other medicines but for some reason Adderall got me. If you get extremely itchy on the medicines stop taking it. I kept taking it for a while because I loved the results and the itching got really bad.
I 've been on it for a month and a half and prior I had very little issues with depression other than small bouts that hardly count as depression. I have had anxiety and being on this pill has made it worse, way worse and it has made me become depressed. I 've read through the comments about this pill and it seems like many people have been experiencing depression. This pill didn 't work for me and the other pill didn 't work great for me either. Messed up my hormones too much, luckily it didn 't change my sex drive but it caused me to just sit there and cry or do nothing. Weekends I feel like doing nothing but sleep. I 'm not that old, only 19 and have never had any hormone issues before this pill. I don 't recommend it.
Taking for heavy periods -Pain from beginning - three weeks constant- cramps and stomach nausea, now an infection fever, stomach sharp pain and weight gain, hair loss, weight gain already! , swelling in face  - only good thing is that I am able to sleep after pain med and am only spotting  -I will be getting this out -
Limited improvement after 6 months, developed bad rash and MD refused to continue medication.
I have chronic uti that have spread to kidneys and 2 times septic. 1-3 uti per month for last 4 years. Bactrim never worked...I am told it is used frequently for gram negative bacterias. Finally a University Hospital lab found it was gram negative E. Coli ESBL. Bactrim is not usually effective on ESBL.
I never been on birth control until sprintec. I started the Sunday after my period and it made it heavier. Then got it again the placebo week and after that got my period for two weeks every two weeks! This last month it last nearly 3 weeks. I starting my period only a week and a half into this new pack and I just quit! Completely regret birth control in general. Only good things it did was clear my skin and make my boobs slightly bigger but not worth it at all. My mood swings were out of control and I completely lost my appetite so I lost weight. I miss eating and normal periods so I am happy to be done with you sprintec
I bled very heavily for a month straight after getting it. It was awful. Now I 'm not bleeding at all but I 'm gaining weight. I wouldn 't recommend it.
The worse pain I 've ever had from any laxative EVER!! I could not believe the pain and nausea from  his laxative.....I mean the worse ever!!!!n
I have been on Pristiq for 4 months now due to panic attacks and anxiety and after the first 3 weeks I saw great change, but a few weeks after that it seemed like it had just stopped working so my doctor doubled my dosage. Now I 'm having nightmares. If I accidentally skip a dosage my head does this really weird thing and I just can 't describe it. I am extremely irritable about every little thing or I 'm just really happy (up and down). I have no energy most days. I just want to stay in bed and do nothing. I 'm nauseated all the time. I 've actually lost about 20 pounds in 4 months bringing me down to 101 pounds. 
I have been taking 105mg slow release of phendimetrazine, once a day for 3 months. I haven 't experienced any bad side affects. It has curbed my wild cravings &amp; making it possible to cut my caloric intake from 3500 a day to 1500 - 1700 a day. I don 't really exercise, but I get up &amp; move &amp; leave the house, whereas before I didn 't move off the bed or couch &amp; didn 't leave the house but once a week  My only problem is, I have only lost 3 pounds. I don 't drink sodas, I use sugarless foods &amp; try not to eat any bad carbs. I am basically eating meat (beef, chicken &amp; lean pork), yogurt, green veggies &amp; a protein drink with a banana &amp; blueberries. I am very depressed over this. I used to eat cookies, cakes &amp; all kinds of bad snacks, now I don 't.
I have been on cymbalta for years.  Recently I went through a series of extreme life changes.  Cymbalta didn 't seem to be working.  I went into a deep depression.  My doctor switched me to fetzima.  I am on day 10 my medication.  I have notice extreme sweating and out burst of anger.  I was more laid back on Cymbalta.  I am hoping if I give it a little more time that maybe the effects will get better.
I started taking Kariva when Ortho Tri Cyclen Lo became too expensive for me.  I have been on Kariva for the past 4 years.  Positives: predictable 5 day periods, no acne, less moodswings. Negatives: weight gain (20 pounds), NO libido whatsoever.  I was able to deal with the side effects for 4 years(my poor boyfriend), and now I 've had enough. I 've stopped taking it, immediately lost 5 pounds, have a great libido again, and find it easy to track my period with P-Tracker app. 
So, I switched from Depo to Nexplanon simply so I didn 't have to go to get a shot every 3 months. It saved me seem having to leave work and use vacation time. I 've been using Nexplanon for alost 5 months now, and in the beginning, I liked it, but now... it 's a totally differentry story. I haven 't had the majority of the side effects, but I 've had 2 that bother me the most: extreme breast tenderness and an increase in my acne. I hate it! I guess I 'm going to go back to Depo soon because I was on that for 8+ years and never had a problem until I switched to Nexplanon. It really sucks and I feel pretty hideous and disgusting. I had more confidence in myself on my last BC method.
I am 38 yr female.. Woke up one morning anxious and worried (about 1.5 yr ago).. Thought i was just having a stressful week but it became endless.. I remain in the constant state of &quot;being on the edge&quot;.. I can 't focus on my children 's conversations because my mind is in a million places, im always accusing and assuming my husband is lying or leading another life, I can 't reember what it felt like to be excited about doing anything.. As much as I don 't want to worry and speculate, it is all I allow myself to do.. I am able to put on a front at work, people think i am happy go lucky, but inside I am a train wreck! I 'm on my third week in with lex, and so far have only added irritated to the mix.. I 'm sticking it out tho, thanks to the reviews
At first, Viibryd was God send. I was always happy, no sexual side effects, no fatigue: it worked absolutely great. I went through the trial pack and forgot to get a prescription. About 2 months go by (because I 'm lazy) and I finally go to the doctors to get another trial and a prescription. This time around of starting up, there 's major side effects. The medication SOMEWHAT helps with my depression now, and I still get a strong sense of paranoia and hopelessness. The medication has STRONG sexual side effects now, and all arousal whatsoever is gone now. The insomnia is TERRIBLE. I get maybe 3 or 4 hours of sleep now. And might I mention I 'm on the low dosages; I haven 't even started the 40mg yet.
My son was put on Risperidone when he was three and half years old. It has helped him some, but he was is still extremely aggressive and would take off running out into road and parking lots. So, his psychiatrist said he had to put in psych. ward to try new medicine. They upped his risperidone to 0.50mg twice a day and added Depakene 205mg. twice a day. He 's still very aggressive and out of control and moody. He 's only 5 and in 12 more inches he 's going to be as tall as me.
So I have used the samples of this medication and it worked great, but recently I got my prescription filled for it and it seemed to exacerbate cystic acne on my neck, jawline. I read the ingredients and it contains a form of silicone that can worsen cystic acne. Is the sample formulation different or did they change the ingredients recently?
This medicine does work. I took it for about a month before I had a really bad reaction though. I had an itchy hive looking rash and it turned into welts all over my body including my face. My eyes swelled up and were really puffy too. I wish I could 've stayed on the medicine for the 3 month period because it does work I have a clean toenail growing in but I had to stop the medicine so hopefully it stays that way. If you develop a reaction or an allergy to this it really sucks but it does work. I recommend not missing a day and always taking it at the same time everyday. I took it everyday when I woke up but I got sick and stopped taking it for a couple days, coincidentally when I started taking it again the reaction happened.
I was on LoSeasonique for almost a year. The first few months were great, some spotting every now and then but nothing major. About 2 months ago, I took a pill one day late. Consequently, I have been spotting for the entire two months. My gyno tried everything, putting me on a weeks worth of estrogen and then a regimen of taking multiple pills a day for week. Nothing worked. I 've been miserable and bloated and have gained a few pounds. Before this, I really liked this pill. If you take it, make sure you take it at the SAME time every single day. She said pills with this low dose of hormones are more likely to to do this. I 'm currently having to switch to another pill just to make the bleeding stop.
Had nexplanon put in a month ago been feeling very depressed and anxious. Easily irritated with my son. The fatigue makes me unable to care for my baby properly. I can 't get up in the morning having to leave him crying. I 'm going to have to have it taken out. Plus had weight gain in belly, and dryness and no sex drive.
Lisinopril 10 for 1 day, plus thyroid medicine and not eating or drinking enough, so I blacked out. Dr couldn 't get blood pressure because it was too low. Pain in shoulders, stuffy nose, hard swallowing, cramp in foot. Dr said to wait 3-5 days then start with half dose.
That was NOT gentle relief.  Brutal pain and nausea from 2:30 am till 7 am- I feel like I got off lucky after reading other reviews..... They should just quit advertising  'gentle relief '.
Four days ago I started on Cipro for urinary tract infection. I am allergic to Bactrim. I have taken it before. It is very effective and fast acting, However, this evening I started having side effects. Both legs from about 6&quot; above the knee, down through my feet, ache, tingle, and sting like I have a band around my thigh cutting off circulation. I called the office that prescribed it, due to printout from the pharmacy. He just says if I am concerned, go to the ER. So I am going off it, and waiting to see what happens. I have 6 pills left.
I 've been on this birth control since February of 2014, so about 14 months now. I love the fact that it last for 3 years and don 't have to worry about taking a pill every day, but I am considering getting it taken out. With little to no effort at all I 've gained 45lbs, zero sex drive, horrible mood swings with periods of depression. I bled for about a month after I got it put in and have no had a period ever since. I get all the symptoms that I 'm going to start my period but no menstruation ever occurs. Every now and then the part of my arm where the rod was inserted with ache badly.While I think this form of contraception works great for some people, I do not think it works for me at all. It feels like the symptoms are only getting worse.
While it prevented pregnancy..but the side effects actually got worse over time. I started out on loestrin 24, which was great after I got used to it. Then I went on Gildess which was okay. Then my pharmacy switched me to the microgestin. It was cheaper so I stuck with it. I think I was on it for 1.5-2 years before I couldn 't stand it. I just became so insanely emotional and PMS-y. It started 2 weeks before and my period. I also had the breast tenderness and sugar cravings like crazy. The awful moodiness went away once I switched birth control. I didn 't have a lot of spotting- although I also didn 't have a period for the first 3-4 months. Had semi bad cramps during the inactive week.
After switching to Trinessa after years on Triprevefem without issue, I experienced side effects that were like every symptom of pregnancy. I started having unusual menstrual-like and lower abdominal cramps, indigestion, bloating, heartburn that did not go away. I thought I had gained 10 pounds. My breasts jumped at least cup size. I was dizzy and exhausted with intense headaches despite getting plenty of rest. Pregnancy was a minuscule possibility because I had been using backup methods without fail. My period came a few days late and I immediately switched back to Triprevefem. All of the symptoms went away except enlarged breasts, which I certainly can 't complain about. My advice: pay out for brand name for some piece of mind and health.
I switched to Nuvaring because my weight gain with the pill was excessive. When I switched the side effects were fine, the only difference was I had headaches more often but it did help my weight problems. I felt better and had less water weight. HOWEVER, I wouldn 't suggest this for someone who has sex often. The doctors told me I could keep it in and you won 't feel it and it won 't be a problem. Every time I had sex it hurt and my partner could feel it also. So I began taking it out each time, which was a pain. I was always worried I would forget to put it back in and I ended up having to switch back to the pill.
I was prescribed this medication for joint pain and swelling in the elbows and feet. Took for 2 months. Last week my doctor had to take me off because I developed allergy to the medication with rash and low fever. Worked okay but not worth the allergic reaction.
I started taking this because my cycle was every 23 days and I heard that it could help with acne too.  I never had bad acne just one or two on my chin the week prior to my period.  But after taking this my acne is worse than it has ever been.  I 've been getting cystic acne all over my cheeks and chin.  And the worst part is that they severely scarred my skin and I never scarred before taking birth control.  I 've heard that in the first few months it can get worse before it gets better but I 'm on my 9th month and it just continues to get worse.  But I do like that it completely regulated my period to a 28 day cycle.  I 've decided to switch to a lower hormone birth control to see if that will help the acne subside.
Even at massive doses of 200 mg I still didn 't feel any relief at all from this. Benadryl or Unisom would be a better option to take for anxiety. 
Doctor prescribed Zocor to lower Cholesterol (269 total and triglyceride 377, way too high). I took it after evening meal with full glass of water as directed. Within the hour I had a raging headache; my heart was pounding. I could hear the blood pulse through my head (I have 2 maybe 3 headaches per year so this was not normal). I spent a very long and painful, sleepless night, waiting and suffering. I tell you this much, 9:00am couldn 't arrive fast enough. Doctor told me &quot;headache&quot; was not a side effect of Zocor and to keep taking it. I stopped against doctors advice and now feel great again. Cholesterol is still very high but no more headaches.
So I realized how people never come back to say if the product actually worked or not. Well I 'm here to tell you it does. I used this product about a week ago and came here to write a horrible review on how irritated, sore, raw, burning and itchy I was from it. I started feeling these side effects about 1hr after I put the hellish egg in me. After about 2 days the symptoms went away and fully healed my YI. I am completely back to normal. Bottom line is the product DOES work and can heal your systems fully within 48hrs...only if you 're up for the painful side effects. Honestly, if I had the option to use this again I probably would because it works CRAZY fast.
Was given this in the ER for nausea. It killed the nausea, sure, but I was so anxious! I felt as though if I stayed in that hospital bed another second I was going to go crazy. When I was released I raced home and took Xanex to try and combat the anxiety. It 's been about 26 hours since I was injected and I still have the urge to move and run around, like restless leg syndrome. I 'd rather just be nauseous!
I am on my final week of active pills on my first package, I have had more bleeding in these three months on this pill than I would have had with a normal, monthly cycle. Beginning with week 5, I had 16 days of active bleeding. The rest of the time there is always some evidence of bleeding when I use the restroom. I wanted less bleeding, not more. I don 't have any other side effects.
I 've been having chronic yeast infections, for about 5 months up until about a month or so ago; took and used (using right now), the Monistat 7. Maybe just me, but I 've had yeast infection stings, burns, etc. worse than the cream, it 's honestly not THAT bad. Still extremely curious on what 's in it and what it does inside of you.
General mood levelling, couldn 't really feel any emotion which became monotonous &amp; unbearable. Also not recommended if you have an eating disorder &amp; cannot always force yourself to have it with food. Caused crippling nausea &amp; copious amounts of excess gas to sit in my stomach, this still hasn 't left after more than a year of stopping. Not for everyone.
Everytime I take my buspar my heart feels like it 's pounding out of my chest for like an hour (eventually gradually it goes away) and my chest gets tight, I just started taking it 2-3 weeks ago and this just chest pounding thing only started happening about 7 days ago, it 's starting to freak me out to the point where I might just stop taking it all together. Am I the only one who feels like my heart beats a million times a second on this drug? &amp; what else is out there to help specific anxiety disorders?
I have had my arm implant since July 5th 2012 and my experience are good and bad. Good things are I have not gotten pregnant. The bad things are I have not gotten my period ever since I mean it is good who wouldn 't be happy about that more than 1 year without a period, the bad thing is I think all those things are retained in my body, also I have gained so much weight, I stand at 190 lbs. I have tried watching what I eat, no junk food and exercising, Zumba and nothing, not even one pound. I am overweight and it gets me depressed.
Hello all,I never really write reviews, but I felt compelled to share my experience with Skyla. After taking months to decide on which birth control method I wanted to use, I decided on an IUD as I don 't plan on having children in my near future. I liked the idea of not having to take a pill everyday and some women 's periods become lighter and some women stop getting their period all together.. (sign me up!). I got my Skyla inserted in March after my gyno recommended it. During the insertion, I experienced severe pain. I 've broken my wrist in the past and the orthopedic surgeon had to pop my bone back into place while I wasn 't on any pain medication and the pain I experienced during the IUD insertion was almost on that level.
I have been on this for 5 days, sort of working, still have the headache though.  I haven 't really had any side affects yet.  But I was given a 21 day dosage for (2) 300mg capsules.  I have had 4 sinus infections since January.  Hope it helps get rid of the headache.  It has helped with the drainage and coughing though.
first the shot is very painful and i have a very high pain tolerance. the whole time i 've never been in remission and for about the past year and a half it stopped working which means options are out.
After 3 doses of this medication I had to call the Dr for something else, the nausea was horrible and I got a severe migraine as well. Seemed to take the strep throat pain away by the 2nd dose but I couldn 't take the side effects.
I have been taking Apri for about 2 years now. At first, it was great. My periods were managable, extremely predictable, and only lasted a few days. I gained about 10 pounds in the first 5 months, and shortly after completely lost my sex drive. Recently my periods have been getting longer, as they used to be, and cramps are coming back as well.
Medicine kept me from sleep. It had the opposite effect.
Nortriplene isn 't a very good medication for chronic headaches. My neurologist put me on 25mg 2 tabs at bedtime.it 's suppose to make you sleeply,however it 's quit the opposite, it keeps you awake and makes you very irritable.and you still have a headache,and causes weight gain.medication,especially
I switched from orsynthia to kariva due to painful sex. I was cautious to try it seeing all the bad reviews but I 'm glad I read them considering I had many of the same problems. First of all, your period SHOULD come during the first two days of the placebo week, that didn 't happen. I got my period at the very end of the week each time with bad cramps. Flow wasn 't terrible still kind of heavy for birth control though. I also didn 't like was how many headaches I would get; at least 3-4 a week. I would also feel very foggy and tired all the time. My appetite has definitely changed on this also, I would constantly want to eat all the junk food I could find. Didn 't gain much weight but still. Boobs also got bigger. I 'm changing back to orsynthia!
This pill was perfectly effective for preventing pregnancy. However, it was not a pleasant experience for me. Having been on Junel Fe with no issues for several years, my pharmacy switched to Gildess, and I immediately started having problems. Outrageous mood swings, like to the point of fighting with my husband and son over every little thing and bursting into tears for no particular reason (things which are NOT normal behavior for me!). Much heavier periods than on Junel, gained about 10 lbs despite no substantial changes in diet or exercise levels. It was totally miserable, I was glad when they switched again to Blisovi Fe (better than Gildess, still not as good as Junel.)
I 've taken Dulcolax before and it worked great.  I have a drawer of constipation pills cuz I always need something.  Yesterday at 4pm I couldn 't poop &amp; this has been going on for almost a week.  So I reached in my drawer &amp; pulled out the Dulcolax &amp; took 2 pills. Nothing happened until I woke up at 2:45am with severe heartburn &amp; back pain. I thought I might throw up; it didn 't  occur to me  the medicine could have caused this until my tummy started rumbling. I went to the bathroom a few times but only gas.  Finally I was able to go &amp; had runny diarrhea for half hour straight. Every time I try to lay down to fall back asleep my stomach hurts again. It 's now 4:30am &amp; I 'm still awake :(
i had to switch bc (Tribessa) they said I was high risk for a stroke ,so I started using lyza. It works but I have had multiple periods in a month . I 'll bleed for 4 weeks then be off for 2 days and start spotting again. That 's turns into another full period I don 't kno if my body isn 't adjusting or what
Severe cramping and burning sensation almost breathless with pain; my arm went into a spasm. All this lasted about 10- 15 seconds - they must have heard me in the waiting room.  Just glad it didn 't stop my heart.
I have been on 100 mg Nucynta 4x a day for several years. Took a long time for me to grow used to it but alas.. i did. And you will. I never had any side effects at all and this med initially controlled the pain from a level 2 fusion, facet joint arthritis of the spine, 5 exploratory wrist surgeries and some other things but didn 't last long.. I have never tried any other narcotic for pain and have decided since opiates have gotten so badly out of hand lately and the laws are going to be majorly tightening on them soon that I am not refilling the Nucynta this time. I am going off the pain killers cold turkey. Good luck to you all with your pain and finding what works for you all.
I have never had heartburn. The day I started Pradaxa I had severe heartburn and have had it daily since. It doesn 't seem to matter whether I take my pills after a meal, before or not at all. I got about one hour of sleep last night. If this continues, I will probably go back to Coumadin.
I stopped and restarted this BC to see if maybe the side effects woulds change but they only got worse. My emotions have been up and down and im suddenly getting really bad anxiety. My appetite is also out of control. Mu stomach feels like its a black pit 24/7 and im tired all the time.Ive tried other birth controls before and I just think the hormonal changes dont agree with me at all.
I took 2mg for 7 weeks.  At first, the after taste was the only adverse side effect although in retrospect within a couple of weeks I started having a dry cough. By the end of the 1st month I thought I had either a cold or an allergic reaction to something.  Went to my doctor and the possible side effects of the was not even brought up.  I am coughing a lot and bringing up clear mucus.  I often felt like my throat is closing up and it reminded me of strep with how sore my throat was.  Last night, completely frustrated I googled sore throat, cough and lunesta and found many other people had similar symptoms.  At first Lunesta worked fine but gradually I slept less and the side effects were (are) horrible.  I 'm wide awake tonight!
I usually use Ocella (been using for 4 years) and switched to Zarah for my vacation because the pharmacy was out, but wow, it triggered huge mood swings and a deep depression the 2nd week in,  By the 3rd week, I was crying every morning and feeling in a slump for hours on end.  It was sporadic, like on and off, sometimes I 'd feel fine and then I 'd feel horrible again in a few hours.  Yikes.
I have been taking this for a month and my blood sugar keeps dropping out. I feel terrible and weak all the time. I get numbness everywhere. I have three sons to care for and it 's hard. I 'm glad most of my symptoms seem to be normal as I have read yours. The pressure in my head hasn 't lessened though. They gave me migraine medicine but I 'm afraid to take it if it 'll put me to sleep during the day. I keep thinking about calling my neurologist. I 'd like to know what to do at this point.
I have been getting UTI 's for years before I was diagnosed with Diverticulitis but my doctor gave me Cipro for the UTI 's.  As soon as I started taking this drug I started getting hip pain so bad I couldn 't even walk to the bathroom.  I went to Physical therapy, Aquatic Therapy, Massage Therapy and nothing helped.  I finally put two and two together that every time I took Cipro this happened.  When I was diagnosed with Diverticulitis I was given intravenous Cipro and Flagyl and although it helped the pain and swollen stomach by the 3rd day the hip pain was getting really bad again.  My doctor says Cipro would not cause this but everybody in my Diverticulitis support group has experience the same thing.  My foot was even super painful.
I have been taking this medication for a month.  No breakthrough bleeding and my menstrual cycle has been a great, but the negative side effects have been miserable.  I experienced severe mood swings, depression (and I am usually a happy person),  bloating, weight gain, increased appetite, breast tenderness, discomfort and pain in my abdomen and extreme fatigue.  I have been miserable since starting this medication and will discontinue it and try something else.
I had my Nexplanon inserted 7 weeks postpartum in October 2015. I had light spotting for a few weeks which was expected according to my doctor. I have no sex drive at all and thought that was because of having a new baby, but 5.5 months in and I still hate it. Not just because the desire is down, but also this medication has caused my doctor to diagnose me with a post menopausal vagina due to nursing my infant while being on it. She said breast feeding already causes Estrogen levels to drop and Nexplaonon does so as well. She prescribed me a vaginal cream and it is still the most excruciating experience when trying to have sex. My hair is so greasy and I have had SEVERE acne for a month now. Removal scheduled for 2 weeks out.
I suggest if you 're going to use these patches that you use them perfectly according to the instructions. I had imperfect (but not terrible) use and ended up pregnant on my 7th month being on them. The side effects weren 't better or worse for me as compared with other BC. I didn 't have some problems with peeling and loosening.
Pros: Minimal cramping. Light period that just resembled spotting. No mood changes.Cons: Sky-rocketing blood pressure (up 20 points for both numbers). To the point of Hypertension II.
I try not to use tramadol too often for the pain I experience with my Crohn 's and Rheumatoid Arthritis - only when it is very severe and the strong codeine I already take is not helping - this is down to the negative side effects I experience when taking it. Although it helps with the pain and can help with my mood I really don 't like the overall experience. I find it can make me disorientated; slightly nauseous and with a loss of appetite; blur my vision and make me feel weirdly euphoric (very mildly) in a &quot;speedy&quot; way; and while some people report sleeping better I find it has the opposite effect and I suffer insomnia when taking it. The worst thing by far though is the itching!! I always forget how bad it makes me itch!  100mg
For the first few weeks of taking it made me feel super bad my sleeping was all over the place and I actually felt very suicidal it made my anxiety crazy I couldn 't go out without feeling terrible I was nervous to go out and always on edge, eventually it started getting a bit better but mostly felt down maybe 1 or 2 days of the month I 'd be pretty happier than normal but then after a few months it died down and they personally didn 't work at all like they just stopped showing affect so I gave up and stopped taking them and now I feel the same as I do if I was taking them these are probably 1 of the worst antidepressants I 've took refuse to take them again (also made me pretty nauseous the first few weeks)
This pill drove me nuts. After starting the first pack, within a few days I started to feel run down, but I persevered, allowing my body to adjust to it. I finished the first pack, took the break and then started the second pack. Hell. I was so nauseous, I really thought I was pregnant. My boobs were sore, I was tired... I was starting to get really scared. Additionally, I am a happy, upbeat person, but on yasmin, I felt sad; like I have never felt before. I could cry at the drop of a hat, I just felt like I was worthless (having never felt that before), and I could see no hope. It was so weird. My boyfriend, who I love dearly, became the most annoying person in the world. I came off it mid pack and within days I was back to myself.
The comments are insanely on point. I inserted this and as soon as I stood up I felt an unbearable itching sensation. It is super messy and I don 't know what is going on. I literally just put this in so I don 't know how it will play out but the itching is not worth it.
I have been suffering with gastroparesis for years, and at one point ended up in the emergency room because I was so intensely nauseated and dehydrated.  Was given Compazine in IV solution, which worked wonderfully to stop the nausea. The doctor sent me home with Compazine pills, and they weren 't as effective.
Noticed that depakote improved stability of mood and reduced depression.  However, it did not help with mania mood swings.  This drug also totally removed my libido.  I have never experienced such an inability for sexual activity than while taking this drug.  A week after stopping the drug and sexual libido is back.  I would avoid this drug if male.
I have really bad swollen tonsils for some reason my left side seems to be more swollen and hurt more causing my left ear to hurt as well can barely eat or open my mouth from being in pain every morning I wake up the pain is worst SMH. I went to urgent care Monday and was prescribed azthromycin 250mg for 5 days by 3rd day I was back at urgent care worst doctor told me stop taking it and put me on prednisone 10mg for 7 days and clarithromycin 500mg for 10 days so this is day 5 for me and although right side of tonsils is ok now left side feels worst I can&rsquo;t take the pain been having to take Motrin as well just to get rest. Is there anyone that can recommend something to help the swelling go down and pain??
I am a statin Intolerant  patient who was initially excited to try this new drug. Was easy to administer and seemed to be working with little side effects (minor cough and cold symptoms).  Total Cholesterol went from 203 to 98 after just two months. As I continued to use the drug developed severe shortness of breath and heart palpitations. Sadly apparently I can 't tolerate this drug either.  After further research, there is little research on long term side effects. My pharmacist told me that patients are reporting my same symptoms and even memory loss.  Not the drug for me.
I was very unhappy on this drug. My pain was not reduced as it should have been. I spotted for the entire 6 months I was on it. I was extremely depressed, had no libido whatsoever and gained 20 pounds. This did not work well for me for this condition at all. Unfortunately once it is in your system you are stuck with it. It took a full year for my body to readjust once I was off it and to stop spotting. It was also hard to lose that weight afterwards.
I have had trouble staying asleep for several years. No problems falling asleep, but most nights I wake up around 3 or 4AM (five hours into my sleep) and from that point forward I sleep fitfully. I tried Silenor (actually generic Doxepin) for about three weeks. It seemed to help a bit for the first few days, but after a few weeks I noticed no improvement beyond no medication. First few days I experienced about a 1-2 low grade hang-over. The most notable part of the experience was the very vivid dreams I had. They were not nightmares, but they tended to be disturbing and about mundane aspects of life. Things like being late for appointments, dealing with unwanted guests, arguments with friends, etc.
Helped with crohns but gave me acne and increased tinnitus
I have been taking Pylera med for 5 days now first day it made me vomit and nauseous and now I have extremely bad diarrhea and getting hemorrhoids :&quot;(Is this normal?
I 've been on the pill for 3 months. It 's effective but major Negative side effects. I 've been bleeding pretty bad between periods (seems to be worse when I drink coffee for the record). Along with the spotting I 've been getting cramps that feel worse than my usual period cramps. I 've also been getting headaches MUCH worse than I 'm used to that seem to last forever. Periods have been lighter which is a plus but obviously all the blood that should be draining isn 't because of all the spotting. It isn 't all bad but I 'm switching for sure.
I started taking gabapatin for severe lower back pain. I have scoliosis . At first it worked . I was told I could increase the dosage up to 1200 mgs I 'm now up to 800 mgs. Not only did it stop working I read in depth side effects I 'm experiencing memory loss , anxiety and depression which I already suffer from. Personally I don 't recommend it for back pain. I personally know 4 people that are prescribed it for back pain 2 stopped taking it because it stopped working. Myself and another person are having the same problem. My best advice ask questions and tell your Dr if you have problems with it or it stops working.I have a call into my Dr. I 'm very concerned about the side effects I wasn 't told about and I 'm in constant pain
It will melt away your tumors quickly, however has quite the delayed effect for nausea and vomiting. Make sure your Oncologist gets you on some supportive meds!
I took this after having weaned off of Sinex nose drops due to allergies to pollens. It worked fine, but could not stand the aftertaste. I tried everything to get it to go away! I also noticed being sleepy and having dreams. Why would it make me so sleepy? Long story short, I discontinued it. I 'd rather go back to Sinex and not have bad aftertaste and be more alert.
63 year old female with hypertension, I have been on Atacand 8-16 mg for about 8 years. A doctor I have never seen before put me on this to start 2.5 mg each day and take with the Atacand.  I have been taking it for about 6 weeks and after reading about all the side effects which I have some of, extreme tired, flushes, sweating, dizziness, tingling in soles of feet, arms and fingers, weakness, headaches and irritable.  I feel spaced out and terrible and I am not taking it anymore and I am going to go back and see my normal doctor.  I am annoyed that the doctor who put me on this did not warm me about the side effects!
I started about a month ago, it seems to be taking a long while to start showing any difference. If anything my acne is getting worse, but in new spots. Also I can 't use it every night at directed because the dryness, and burning is too much to handle. Literally tearing up pain. I 'll update again if it starts doing its job :(
I 'm 24 years old with 2 children. I wasn 't 100% sold on getting a tubal being so young, but I 'm sure I want one now. Mirena was NOT a good idea. I 've gained 20 pounds in 6 months, and have acne so bad you 'd think I never washed my face/neck. I have ZERO sex drive and I 'm constantly tired. Not to mention a raging women. Not good for having a 6 month old and a toddler... I have an appointment to schedule a tubal, and I cannot wait to get this toxic hormone pumping piece of plastic out of my body. Let 's hope I return to my normal self....
I have had trouble staying asleep for several years. No problems falling asleep, but most nights I wake up around 3 or 4AM (five hours into my sleep) and from that point forward I sleep fitfully. I tried Silenor (actually generic Doxepin) for about three weeks. It seemed to help a bit for the first few days, but after a few weeks I noticed no improvement beyond no medication. First few days I experienced about a 1-2 low grade hang-over. The most notable part of the experience was the very vivid dreams I had. They were not nightmares, but they tended to be disturbing and about mundane aspects of life. Things like being late for appointments, dealing with unwanted guests, arguments with friends, etc.
Was on it for years before I developed resistance to it. MUST be taken at night to minimize side effects. Bad depression, confusion, random crying spells, feeling helpless, suicidal thoughts (&amp; no I 've never had it prior or after I stopped this medication).  It does get better as the med levels out but the first couple weeks are torture! In a grocery store I sat on the floor crying because 3 things on my list were on the same isle. I 've never experienced anything like that in my life!
Okay so I got my nexplanon implant about 7 months ago and have bled EVERY SINGLE DAY! It was embarrassing and annoying and made me so self conscious. I couldn 't have sex without bleeding and making a mess . I hated it . Mood and depression also worsened , but officially after 7 whole months . I have stopped bleeding! It 's only been two weeks, hopefully it doesn 't come back or I will get it removed . I recommend to try something else !
I took Provera pills daily to stop my periods to kill the monthly pain. I chose pills over the shot so I could have control of deciding when/if I wanted to stop.  I took the pills for 6 months.  The first month I had lots of breakthrough bleeding - basically I was slowly bleeding for a few weeks.  After that I had no period, no spotting, no cramps - that part was FANTASTIC!  However, for me the side effects were severe and unlivable.  I had insomnia (waking in the night) every night.  I had night sweats every night.  I gained a little weight.  I had extreme vaginal dryness/painful intercourse which was a first ever for me.  My sex drive was non-existent and my acne and facial hair (PCOS) got much worse.
I got the Nexplanon in July of 2013. The first 1.5 years I loved it! Only 3-4 small bleedings in that time, and everything felt great, no mood swings, etc. After a stressful month (not sure if this has anything to do with it but the timelines definitely coincides) I started having 4-5 days long periods, every 1-2 weeks. The bleedings became more infrequent for a short period of time (again timeline coincides with less stress), after which I started getting the frequent (but short) bleedings again. The last couple of weeks I 've also become exceptionally moody, and about everything will make me cry the 1-2 days before the short bleeding occurs. Also I 'm exhausted all the time. It was great until it went bad. Getting it removed ASAP.
I have been on the lantus for 6mos. and have been walking everyday up to 1hr. each day and have been eating well for about 1yr. and my BSG is still about 150 or higher and I have gained 47lbs since I started. That is the only thing different that I 've been doing.
I got the implant almost a year ago.  Since I had one period which lasted about a month or month-and-a-half.  I also gained 60 pounds.  Family it wasn 't until my family started noticing my  weight going up and talking about it and two of my relatives mentioned it could be due to the next plan on . It has also affected my marriage due ti the weight gain. I feel tired lazy sluggish all the time.  My weight gain started pretty quickly  within a month-and-a-half I had already gained 42 pounds.
This medication seemed to work for a couple of days then the cravings were right back. It also caused horrible itching rashes only my legs to the point my skin was sloughing off. To make matters even worse it sent me into a terrible fit of depression. To those it works for I wish you the best of luck.
I have been on this drug for 3.5 months: first month 30g, following 2.5 months 60g. It has categorically made zero difference to my acne. If anything, it 's made it worse.
I have had this infection of the toenails for about 12 years.  Ugh!  so embarrassed to ask the doctor I have gone through the misery of not ever wearing sandals or open toed high heels.  I work in an office environment and would love to wear sandals with some of my outfits.  I recently went to the dr and I finally told her that I have toenail fungus and she easily wrote me a prescription for Lamisil.  I started taking it about a week now and have not seen any changes but I will definately give it time and check in and give my review again in the next few weeks!
I am in the beginning of my third year of having the Implanon, and the worst part for me is the nausea. I did not have any trouble with my periods but there would be times when I felt slightly queasy. It has steadily gotten worse and more frequent. Ginger pills which seem to help. I am grateful that I never got pregnant but this isn 't the birth control for me!
I 've recently stopped using Spiriva because I was worried about the side effects.  The final deciding factor was my optometrist telling me that I had high eye pressure (possibly a precursor to glaucoma).  I have also had red eyes ever since being on it.Other symptoms since being on it are trouble urinating with force (not able to pee fast when in a hurry),  chest pains daily, muscle pains in front lower legs, constipation and losing my voice or hoarseness. I value my sight above all else so I will make do with salbutamol instead.Since quitting it two weeks ago my eye pressure is now normal again, my eyes are not red, the chest pains are gone, the hoarseness gone, and am gradually getting my bladder muscle control back.
I hated my experience with Imitrex.  It made my chest feel strange, heart beat increase and I felt very anxious while on it.  I guess it shortened the duration of my headache, but I became very worried and preoccupied by its side effects.
My dreams are too vivid. Every night, crazy dreams, leaving me feeling unrested. Also, very hard to have a orgasm.
Lots of nausea
Works but I guess I used it too often and it made my nose bleed badly. The child proof cap is terribly designed and obviously not tested before hand. I had to use pliers to open the bottle and that still took time. I 'm looking for another brand because of this.
I have never been on any type of anti-depressant medication before and my rheumatologist recommended this drug because she thinks I have fibromyalgia. I having been taking this medication for approximately 40 days. I was okay in the beginning using the starter pack, but by the 3rd week, I had terrible heat flashes, quasi-headaches all day long, nausea and I constantly felt (still feel) that I have a urinary tract infection.  My doctor cut my dosage from 50mg 2xs a day to 25mg 2xs a day. I still have horrible heat flashes, nausea, and feelings of the UTI. It did help mentally in the beginning, but the side effects far outweigh the benefits. I 'm weening off and will try Pristiq.
Worked well but with terrible side effects--agitation, insomnia, suicidal ideation and constipation. Other side effects too numerous to mention.
This pill hasn 't worked out for me.  I started gaining weight almost immediately and suffered through some pretty wild mood swings.  Now that I 've switched back to Marvelon, my head feels much clearer and the weight is quickly coming off.
I was given stadol via IV while in labor with my eldest child. I don 't know what dose but I did go unconscious for what I think was a few seconds. I just remember waking up gasping for air as about 6 nurses rushed into the room. They were trying to get me to breathe and checking my vitals. Not sure if I flatlined but I did have to remember to breathe, which wasn 't fun. I remember feeling really high and happy after giving birth but it took me a long time to come down from it. I had my two younger children without meds and felt much better and aware of my surroundings. The stadol did help with pain but I 'll never forget how hard it was too breather when you have to consciously make an effort to do it.
I was given this right after surgery from a car accident; it made me really sick and the side effects kept me crying the whole time I was on it.    It did help with the pain a little, but not enough to counter the side effects!
I went to the doctors on Monday with a chest infection and he prescribed me with doxycycline and I told him that I have asthma. On day 3 and had to go back to get different antibotics due to the severe chest pain which stopped me from eating and drinking. Doctor switched me to amoxicillian for a week. On the other hand it seems my chest infection is starting to clear up. Wouldn 't take again unless necessary
I 've always had problems with persistent depression since I was 14 (I 'm now 25) but I 've never been suicidal. It took me a couple of weeks to realise it but this medication made me suicidal! I was prescribed it for anxiety and restless legs at night, it did get me to sleep but I woke up several times through out the night. I was originally prescribed half a 5 ml tablet but had no effect until I took 2 tablets (10mg). Because I didn 't become suicidal immediately after taking the tablets I didn 't realise this was what was causing it but after becoming sus I googled &quot;can diazepam can suicidal thoughts&quot; and sure enough there were plenty of similar complaints. I 've stopped taking it and doing much better
This is my 2nd implanon, which i had inserted within 6 weeks of removing the 1st.My period completely stopped and I didnt experience any other side effects (other than my weight fluctuating by 5kg) whilst i had the first one in but this time was the complete opposite!I started getting my period every second week (which is much darker and potent) and now I am just constantly bleeding.. small amounts but CONSTANT small amounts... i feel like a leaking faucet... and i always have cramps and intense cravings... I originally started the inplanon so I could have spontaneous sex with my partner and not worry about getting pregnant but now I can 't even have pre-planned sex!!!!I can not wait to have it removed.
Was put on Rosuvastatin after angioplasty. Weird chest and lungs pain. As if someone stabbing in chest. Pain worsened after lying down. Unable to sleep well. All these symptoms went away after stopping Rosuvastatin. Meeting my cardiologist next week to see if any other Statin like Pitvastatin could be tried.
Having an issue with frequent Relapses every few years and the Grey Matter/Atrophy of my Brain being the Main Topic Aubagio was recommended by my MS Neuro ..I prepared for the Minor Issues however had developed Bladder Issues and was getting horrible Headaches halfway through my 3rd month .. Had to stop use and see my Neuro ..Will find out results soon but will suggest that going into this one must have an Open Mind and be very aware of their MS .. Know mine was helpful in my determining I was having a &quot;Flare&quot; .. Along with the additional Issues ..The Nurse Program that is there to &quot;Support&quot; us is NOT HELPFUL at all .. They cannot answer any questions .. They however REFER you to the &quot;Clinicians&quot; who again do not Answer questions ...
I 'm so bummed,  just had my quit day on day 12 of chantix, but developed hives/rash on arms and back. They are like blisters with poison ivy.  It was working so well,  hardly thought of cigarettes, now I guess I 'll have to stop taking.
I went on 20mg of Celexa following a nervous breakdown my senior year of high school. Into my first semester at college, I realized that while I was on this medicine, I just didn 't care about anything. I was lethargic and tired all of the time and I could never participate in my classes. I went on for a while being almost completely unaware of my surroundings until I started experimenting a little with it. I would go off of it for a few days and when I begun feeling down again, I would resume. Obviously, this had horrible consequences and I found myself in the acute care department the night before my calculus midterm. Following the incident, I went to my doctor and insisted that I be phased off Celexa and since then, have been fine.
I am 20 have been using Alesse for about 2 years now. Good: no pregnancies, lighter, predictable periods with no cramping whatsoever (HUGE plus), no weight gain. Bad: I am completely insane on this pill, extreme mood swings, never happy always in a lulled state of lazy depression, brought to tears by every and anything, constantly tired, no motivation, really low sex drive. Horrible: My skin is at a point where I don 't even want to step outdoors and be seen by people! Worst breakouts I have ever had, and perpetual yeast infections. The yeast infections, laziness and diminished sex drive basically erase the need for a birth control pill anyway. Very unhappy.
So I don 't have a major acne problem. I 'm 23 and I had like 4 pimples and one was very stubborn on my cheek it wouldn 't go away. So I asked my dermatologist what I should do and she gave me some epiduo cream to try. I put it on right before bed and the first day it was fine and I noticed a reduction in my pimple so I tried it the second night. When I woke up the next morning my face was BURNING and the areas I applied this cream were so dry and flaky. I honestly would rather tolerate the ugly pimples over the side effects I got from this cream. Over all I hated this cream. If you have sensitive skin I would avoid using this, go for veltin instead it 's much more gentle and effective for acne.
I couldn 't tell much of a difference, but I didn 't take it consistently.
I am on forteo for two months. I am not sure if my T score has improved since I haven 't taken a BD test yet. However, I have experience many side effects with forteo: 5 min after injection (which I hate), I start feeling tremendous pain at the lowe part of my spine. I found out that I can aleviate this pain by moving around (walking fast) for 15 min. I also discovered a very bad interaction with alcohol. Even a small glass of sangria during dinner, had as a result the development of an extreme pain after injection and inability to move for 45 min. Recently, I have also experienced a similar problem when I was on azythromycin for some mouth infection....Other symptoms I have 2 h after injection are flu-kind symptoms, shivering, insomnia
Prescribed for GAD. On .5 mg for a month. Constant yawning. Teeth grinding. Heavy head. Foggy. Zombie-like. Gained 9 lbs in the first month. Terrible!!! Terrifying! Took myself off without weaning and was violently sick for a week. Never again.
Wish I had read these comments before starting this pill! I switched to it from LoLoestrin FE because I was bleeding every two weeks. And now I wish I hadn 't...literally 2 days in, I broke out with HORRIBLE deep, cystic acne. I 'm now about to finish my first pack and it hasn 't subsided in the slightest. Worse than puberty and all my teen years combined. I used to never wear any kind of foundation or facial makeup, now I can 't leave without it on because I 'm so embarrassed. I only gave 3 bars because it did help my period...no cramping and it came when it was supposed to.
So I started breaking out a lot!!!! Chin and my cheeks. I have so many scars. My makeup won 't even cover it.I went to my derm and she prescribed me tretinoin .25% and clindamycyn1%. I saw improvement in 2 weeks then after that my face has been so bad! I look like a Brooklyn pizza! It 's hideous. I no longer have self esteem. I went back to derm and she gave me medication and .50%tretinoin. I 'm on month two and my face just peels. I still break out and my acne scars are still there. I 'm loosing hope... When I put makeup on over the dry peeling patches it makes it look worse. I 'm just done with this medication. I will keep using it until month 3 like the derm said I would see improvement. I 'm so depressed looking at my face in the mirror !!!
I have been bleeding constantly, to the point I can 't even have sex. It 's like I 'm constantly on my period I am switching as soon as I get the chance!!
After applying the eye drops I experienced burning and itching in my eyes that lasts for about five minutes and then subsides. I don 't know if this is something that should keep me from using it or not. I use it in the morning about 30 minutes before putting in my contacts, (Only when I need it though).
This is an update from my previous posting. I need to correct that I take 1000mg of Metformin NOT 2000mg a day. On Thurday I took my 4th injection of Bydureon. At first I had some nausea and heartburn. By my 3rd injection that has subsided.  As far as weight loss, I 've only lost 9lbs so far. My fasting sugar in the morning the day after injection is about 118. However, as the week goes on they tend to spike. The highest I 've had is 185. Before Bydureon I ranged between 120-150. I 've also noticed that my ankles swell by the evening time. Which is somewhat new. During these four weeks I had stopped my Actos because I couldn 't afford the copay and but I was able to restart it this week. I put a call into my doctor. I 'll see what she has to say
I have been on the medicine for about 1 month.  It took all the pain away.  The side effects are awful.  Blood pressure way too high.  I already have high blood pressure and this put it over the top.  Dry mouth, sweats, insomnia at night but once I get to sleep, I sleep for hours.  Curling of fingers and toes is painful and scary.  Foggy memory.  The cons outweigh the pros.  I have tried Celexa, Paxil, Cymbalta and now Savella and none of them work.  If I did not have the side effects, I would continue taking.  I have not been pain free and able to do normal housework and other chores in years.
I have been on Seasonique for about a year now, and I need to get off of it immediately. When I start a new pack, everything goes great for the first 4 weeks. Once I hit the 5th week, I have non stop bleeding until I start an entire new pack. 
I took this medicine in early June for Bronchitis. It worked and I was all better by the time it was done. In early July I began to feel general malaise with various sypmtoms, nausea, fatigue etc. They did blood work and found that my AST and LST # 's were near 1000 and 900 respectively. It took 4 months for my numbers to go down. And a month later I started to experience gastrointestinal problems which is still going on. Not a good experience at all.
The relief from  'leakage ' was moderate to good, but I continued to have to use feminine hygiene pads.  I was  'down ' to six changes a day, which was a real improvement.  However, I had no idea what real constipation was about and how severe it could be until Vesicare. All in all, the cost/benefit ratio just wasn 't there. Speaking of cost, the price was outrageous. 
I took this medicine around midnight last night after being tired of trying to hold back a cough and it worked pretty quickly...I also had hot water with lemon and honey so that probably helped too.  However, around 5:00am I woke up with severe cramping and diarrhea.  I spent two hours running back and forth to the bathroom.  I also experienced nausea and dizziness. But hey it got rid of my cough...not worth it.
My Doctor put me on these antibiotics for a cough that I couldn 't get rid of. The meds worked great for the cough but the side effects were horrid, sweats, headaches, hunger pains,  tummy bloating, pain, nausea, rash and the list goes on. Only take these pills if you are really sick or in pain cause the side effects are bad. I look 8 months pregnant from bloating and am constantly irritated  from feeling like I ' havent slept for a month. So it comes down to can you put up with the side effects or not.  I 'm going to soldier on and keep taking them. Only 4 days to go 3 done.. stay strong and get well soon 
After having my daughter in Feb 2010 I received the paragaurd IUD after almost 8 yrs I finally had it removed this week Nov 2017. Basically it was horrible bleeding heavily, cramping horribly was how my past 7 yrs have been. It Never subsided like I was told it would. Lots of painful ovulation that had me on the bathroom floor and my pain tolerance is substantial or so I believe as I 'm covered heavily in tattoos. Anyway it was so bad super plus tampons/overnight pads combined only lasted 20mins before bleeding through. I was bedridden monthly I have had tons of medical issues I 've now found out is due to copper toxicity. I now suffer from infections cysts on ovaries hormonal imbalance &amp; toxicity
It was great for my Crohn 's Disease, but I got drug induced Lupus from the medication.
I 've had insomnia for over a year now and I had been taking a small amount of xanax at night and an ambien cr.  I typically would get 5-6 hrs sleep with this combo.   Not ideal but it is what it is.  I heard of belsomra and asked my doc to write me a prescription.   I haven 't taken ambien for the past 3 nights as my script ran out and I was waiting on my pharmacy to get belsomra in.Anyways took belsomra 15 mg waited,  nothing.   Took remaining 5 mg an hour later still nothing.   Basically laid in bed all night with very little light sleep. Sucks cuz this drug is expensive and was hoping it would work better than my current combo.   Guess I 'm going to have to stick with ambien.  Might try Lunesta see how that works.
I have been on Forteo 2 months now, I had 2 spinal compression fractures, 4 fractured ribs, right side and then I hollered at a dog, another fracture. MRI said osteoporosis, scoliosis, degenerative disc disease, severe osteoarthritis, SURGERY. My bones were mush. I 'm suppose to do forteo for 2 to 3 months.    Now I have bad stomach aches, hoarse voice, shortness of breath, dizzy, confusion, Charlie horses in legs, and trouble sleeping. Its a complicated, risky surgery. I hope this is all worth it, I feel awful, and crooked badly.
I would suggest anyone on this, to stop or take a break once you 've noticed your reasoning, memory recall abilities becoming hindered.  Even though I 'm happy with the benefits of focus, it 's not worth losing your short-term memory.  Overtime, I noticed my math skills declined, followed by my word recall, spelling and now I can 't remember stories or study material.  It 's extremely debilitating, I 'm trying to figure out how to reverse the side effects.
If you have no gallbladder, you may want to think twice.  You need to read the manufacturers information regarding side effects. Alli helps the body separate &quot;fat&quot; through elimination, and if you have no gallbladder, the bile problem can be miserable. 
Was prescribed this pill for acne and used for over 2 months. Had minimal breakouts. The first month was perfect but by the second month I became extremely depressed and had terrible anxiety, to the point where I could no longer leave my house. Would not recommend for this reason.
I am nearly at a year with Nexplanon. I have been bleeding nearly every single day for this entire year. I wanted to commit to the birth control, and I hoped that my cycle would become regular; instead, the rare week that I am not bleeding I have incredibly painful cramps. Not sure if this is related, but my chin has developed unprecedented acne(from what I understand, the chin is the hormonal part of the face that breaks out). Truly the bleeding makes it not worth it. I have destroyed every cute pair of knickers I own. It 's been a year of CONSTANT light, but irritating bleeding. Not pregnant though, so cheers to that.
I 've been on methotrexate for 4 months now. The Rheumatoid arthritis came out of no where. I went to my primary care physician with me feet and my thumbs he basically said I was getting older to take aleve and get comfortable shoes. Well I  month later I could barely walk so primary care physician did blood work. My RA factor was 1382. It took me another month to get an appointment with a rheumatologist. The rheumatologist is going to fail me on methotrexate on the 28 if this month because my levels are not coming down as expected. I am currently on 17.5mg of methotrexate. I take them on Friday night and Saturdays I am exhausted. I constantly have pain in my hands,wrists,ankles,knees and feet. I am just afraid the next med won 't work either
This medicine is wonderful to help you lose weight! When I started it I lost 10 pounds in less than 2 weeks! My husband lost a total of 60 pounds in about 8 months. We both have since stopped the pills (once we reached our goal weight) and the weight piles right back on once you stop the pills. I am actually 15 pounds HEAVIER than when I began them &amp; my husband has gained all his weight back &amp; then some. If you never plan to get off the pills then they work. If you totally do a lifestyle change and start dieting then they will work. BUT, after 3 days off of them I was hungrier than ever and had to fight the urges to eat. The urges won obviously.
After 3 days of starting this new birth control, I was feeling nauseous. This lasted for a few days. Also, I 've been bleeding for almost 3 weeks now. It 's not heavy, but its tiresome and getting costly to keep buying panty liners all the time.
I 've recently been on the pill for 10 months. Great pill, no mood swings, no weight gain. Except Sex is a no go, not in the mood. Vaginal dryness ... recommend KY. 
hmm .. definitely not getting pregnant if you are biting people 's heads off when they ask you simple questions nexplanon caused unusual side effects loved it at first but then developed feminine dryness and even pain during vaginal insertion i have been on nexplanon for just under a year it releases on its own it 's not a &quot;smart&quot; drug that aligns with your body
I got upper respiratory infection that did not get better until I got off of Januvia.
Reason for getting Mirena:I am 40 yrs old, have endometriosis &amp; terrible periods (the kind that kept me home 1-2 days a month in bed with cramps and bleeding), &amp; no plans to have kids. On paper, I am the perfect candidate for the IUD.Insertion was THE WORST PAIN OF MY LIFE.  Fortunately, it lasted only a few minutes.  My legs got pretty tired during the procedure and started shaking some.  My Dr encouraged me to relax more, so I literally let my legs fall open in the stirrups (imagine knees falling to the sides, towards the floor).  THAT HELPED HUGELY.  Once I let my legs fall open and to the sides, my inner thighs released, and my pelvic floor relaxed.  If you 've never given birth it will probably hurt!!!
I was put on 100mg of Nucynta ER for facial nerve pain. I have found that it doesn 't work that well for my pain and it causes intense headaches and fatigue. I have also experienced auditory hallucinations at night or when daydreaming when fatigued. Just some really weird side effects, and increased insomnia. I still find more relief from low dose oxycodone for break through pain but like to limit the number of times a week I have to use it.I find the pain relief to be mild/moderate at best, and with a lot more side effects then the oxycodone, but everyone reacts differently.If you had any side effects at all when trying Tramadol be cautious, in my experience (with Nucynta) the side effects were the same but more intense.
I did the initial dose as directed... could barely tolerate getting it down. Maybe I followed it with water too fast but threw up less than ten minutes after drinking. It worked initially, about another 10 minutes my stomach gurgled and could not make the 5 steps to the bathroom before I had liquidised stool running down my leg (and on my white carpet!) uncontrollable! This went on for hours, and the worst part was the second dose was scheduled for 3am. Felt so sick I spilled it and even though I had been on a liquid fast 4 almost 3 days prior, in the morning I was constipated (probably from other meds I take) and they could not do colonoscopy. I am not looking forward to the next time. But I now plan on Depends and living in bathroom. Yuck
I 've been using Ambien for about 4 to 5 years now. I also take a pain medication for a back injury. My doctor switched me to Ambien CR and the side effects were horrible. I felt angry beyond my control, confused, experienced memory loss, and crazy hallucinations. This was about 2 weeks ago and I 'm still trying to put the pieces together. Make sure if you take this pill you check for drug interactions and be in bed ready to sleep. It 's good and sad to know I 'm not the only one.
Works well but had site reaction with each patch. Itching, swelling and redness. Tried using Benadryl spray 1st, let dry then applied patch.  Patch then would not stick properly.
After 8 weeks on Lialda, it did not clear up the blood, still had abdomen tenderness, and caused me to have diarrhea. I did get a discount card which brought the cost down to $10. If you like this medicine, you should go to their website and see if you can get this card. I got it from my MD.
I 'm on my 6th week of accutane, I suffered from mild/persistent acne for about 6 years, I am now 21. The first few weeks I saw absolutely no results, just dry skin and chapped lips, which progressed to dry skin and bad break outs by week 3 or so. But by week 4 I started seeing my skin clear up, I saw my face completely clear up by the end of week 4 (minus scars). However, after 3-5 days of no new acne I had a flare up, which didn 't last long. Now going into week 6 and coming off another acne free week, my acne is flaring up, but not as bad as usual though. I 'm on day 40 or 41 and I 'm hoping soon these small flare ups go away, but for now all I can do is stay positive.
Anyone ever took Lotrel for hypertension?  A cardio doc prescribed Lisinopril on TOP of my already-taking Lotrel, but the pharm doc said I could NOT take both medicines without my BP crashing.  Confused, I called the prescribing cardiologist who said go ahead and get the &quot;benefit&quot; of both drugs.  I did,  and wound up in an ER semi-conscious; BP systolic (top number) was 52, I forget diastolic probably because I want to!  Big worry was that my kidneys had &quot;taken a hit.&quot;  Later, Lisinopril by itself wasn 't as effective as Lotrel.  Two lessons, (1) some doctors are incompetent, and on drug matters the pharmacist is the final authority.
This medication didn 't come close to helping me the way my regular Adderall does. That being said I am going to stick with what I KNOW works but that 's just me. Now I 've heard others swear by Adzenys &amp; wonder where its been all of their lives which I think is great. Just like any other drug what works for one may be rubbish 4 another. Adzenys is a fairly new drug on the market so of course Drs everywhere are going 2 B pushing it right now. I 've worked in the medical field &amp; I 've seen Drs promote meds that they weren 't even crazy about.. It  just depended on what the drug rep looked like for that particular med &amp; how they themselves were going to benefit by writing the drug. I 'm not saying Adzenys is bad I 'm just saying 4 me it didn 't work.
At first Metropolol seemed to work. Blood pressure was down, heart rate 55 beats per min. The longer I took the drug, the more side effects. at two months, my feet and legs developed tingling and numbness. Then, my fingers and hands developed the tingling. At three months of taking the drug, swallowing became very difficult. Food would get stuck in my throat and I would not be able to talk or dislodge food. Then, the insomnia started. I would wake at about 2 am and not be able to go back to sleep for several hours. Always tired, then would want to eat. I gained 20 pounds in a couple of months. When I would wake in the night because my arms would be asleep, that was the last straw. I stopped taking the drug and got a different prescription.
I had the Implanon in 2010 6 weeks after I had my daughter, Since then I have not been able to lose much weight and have mood swings, along with no sex drive. I have been feeling like I am not myself. I am not ever again getting this birth control. I have periods that may be light but go on for months. I want my old self back and plan on getting it taken out soon.
Gained a lot of weight on this pill. I 'm always hungry. Absolutely no sex drive, which puts strain on the relationship. I 'm on my last row of pills of the 3rd month and still no period. I 'm fixed so I know I 'm not pregnant. I will be stopping this pill once I 'm done with this last pack.
Been on farxiga 11 months. A1C went up instead of down.  Horrible yeast infections.  I did lose 10#. Have to go off because of unacceptable side effects. Love the weight loss.
I am one of those sticklers who tries to follow every direction given by my physician.  When it came to treating the flu, I was certainly no different...until I took Tamiflu.  I felt so horrible the first two days with a fever of 100.2+, that I didn 't know if it was helping or hurting. By day three, my fever broke (thanks to Advil) and every time I took Tamiflu, I nearly threw up, with or without food.  I am so nauseous that I can hardly move.  It made me very irritable and negative.  I only have three pills left, but I just cannot force myself to take them. Everyone reacts differently to medicine.  This is just my experience.  Good luck to the fellow flu survivors!
This is a review from the care taker side, my wife Lori had been diagnosed with MS since 1996, she had been on Betaseron till 2011 when she switched to Gilenya. Over time she experienced hearing, vision, memory loss and extreme fatigue which all got worse, she was sleeping 16 to 18 hrs a day. I didn 't realise these changes until she was got off Gilynea July 2016, over 6 months time she is a different person. So Gilynea worked, but it changes a person over time, in my case for the worse, she just took her first set of Lemtrada infusion, and in 1 year she will do her last set, and will not need a MS treatment again, we have high hopes for the future and looks promising so far.
I 'm a female age 58 diagnosed with AFIB last year.I was placed on Propafenone HCL 150 MG 3 times daily for 12 months along with Losartan 100mg 1 time daily. I 'm 5 '7&quot; 165 lbs good health except for the AFIB...About 3 months ago I became very aware of more frequent/recurrent AFIB, Change in speech, noticeable hair loss, occasional tiredness/insomnia/hand tremors and weight gain. After thorough research however, I realized these symptoms are all side effects of Propafenone!!!It is frightening to realize that this medication can actually be worse than the diagnosis of AFIB and the chemicals in these pills, very toxic to our bodies!!I was given a 24* Halter Monitor showing Scant Mitral Valve Disorder.I ONLY take 2 IF I feel an AFIB episode
Horrible experience! First half of treatment was manageable but not pleasant. Day 8 was by far the hardest with extreme nausea, dizziness, heart flutters, bloat, and the usual diarrhea. For day 9 I battled with the thought of taking the pills for an hour. I felt like I was playing Russian roulette. Sitting here waiting for the agony. Day 10 can 't get here soon enough! However, I 'm thinking anyone who has undergone chemotherapy must think I 'm such a wimp!
Cyclen has recently changed their non-medicinal ingredients in the past year. I now experience insomnia, anxiety, and lethargy. Never had any problems before. Watch out for any new symptoms with these new chemicals in the ingredient list.
My son is 7 he is currently taking 1mg at bedtime he is sleepy all the time doesnt listen, irritable, he is failing nearly all classes cannot sit still he has been on it for nearly 1 month and nothing. He was on a stimulant he did amazing for a while I mean his attitude his self confidence went up we had no trouble until his appetite was suppressed and wouldnt eat at school and would come home sick. So we stopped and started this new medication which isn 't helping his focus or self confidence. Only good thing is he is gaining weight and eating much better alot actually he is always hungry so thats a plus hopefully we can find some common ground or we may have to start homeschool
I was taking lisinopril for a week, but my Doctor switched me to another medicine as I had extreme throat tickle and cough.  It did help with my blood pressure though.  Went from 140s/high 90s to below 120/high 80s in 1 week.
About 2 hours after taking four 250mg tablets I 'm experiencing awful diarrhea stomach pain headache jittery and drowsiness. I ate before and after taking this medicine.
it definitely kept me awake. It helped with the cough but no matter what I did I could not get to sleep.
I 've been using Lutera for a bout a month now and I hate it! My acne is so badOn this brand. Although it does protect against pregnancy which is good. I haven 't gotten a period yet. Just a little bit of spotting. When I 1st started taking Lutera I got real bad body aches... And I feel very moody... Will be talking to my doctor about switching back to Aubra
Took it off and on for 2yrs on the advice of my doctor and because of my age. I was told this was the best option for me. Had terrible deep itching it the injection site and painful welts. After stopping when I was pregnant and restarting symptoms were more pronounced and eventually went into anaphylactic shock. Fell over hit the side of my face and that 's when I called it quits. It 's been over a year and at this point I am choosing to stay off any of these medications. Not enough evidence to support the pros outweigh the cons.
Ever since I been on the nexplanon I have gained weight.  I also can 't lose weight. I have gained 15 lbs since being on it. I 've been on it for almost 2 years. But it does its job I didn 't get pregnant.
I had my Nexplanon device inserted about eleven months ago.  The only side effect I think I 've experienced is spot bleeding.  For a while it wasn 't so bad- I wouldn 't have my period for a very long time (like two months) then I would have it for longer than I used to with a different consistency (over a week).  Now, I pretty much bleed randomly all the time. It makes my sexual life difficult.  I will probably get it taken out at my next gynecological exam.
I just received my third injection today and it may be a bit too early to guage how effective it will be.   However, I am pleased to report that unlike some of the reviewers I did not find the injections to be painful.   I just felt pressure and some discomfort when the fluid was injected but it was quickly over.   And for that I thankful.   I 'll report back after a month or so.
The heart burn is as bad like When I was pregnante seven years ago it kept me up last night and still has today
So I 've had the implant since June 2015 and I haven 't stopped bleeding it 's so annoying the reason I got it was so I wouldn 't worry about getting a period every month but I 've been on my period since I got it ! idk whether to leave it or just take it off .
I 'm a 57 year old female that has just been diagnosed with RA about 6 weeks ago. My GP gave me Arthrotech to get me through until I could see the rheumatologist   The Arthrotech made me sick, for every 4 pills I took, I threw one up. Went to specialist yesterday and he gave me Plaquenil  - I 've only taken it for 2 days so far (400 mg) daily but I 'm feeling worse ( although the weather has changed - snow storm)   I can 't believe how painful this disease is. Does it get any better? Will I have a pain free normal life one day soon? I don 't go back to the specialist until May but I can 't imagine being in this much pain until at least May. I 'm feeling so sorry for myself and cry because I 'm tired cry because I 'm sore. When will it start working?
Diagnosed with ADHD at 53. Who knew there was a reason for my quirky personality.  Tried Stattera and slept 15-18 hours a day, was switched to Ritalin and thought this was it. I really like how I feel, calm, focused.  My friends noticed. I did great for a couple of weeks and then became extremely impulsive and inappropriate.  I was focused, but on warp speed.  I gained 10 lbs in a week, because I could not stop eating once I started, I went on shopping sprees, driving jags, blurted out without the think before you speak button.  Once I started a task I had to finish, my kids were late to school, you get the picture.  This was definitely not the drug for me.  I stopped taking it a couple of days ago, I am still feeling the effect.
I was prescribed a low dose of it for prevention if UTI 's and it gave me diarrhea..which for someone already dealing with IBS I 'm on top of constant UTI 's...is not helpful at all. Aside from that no side effects. Still stopped taking it though and was prescribed methenamine... hope it works!
I have major depressive disorder. I was put on Lexapro, the side effects were unbearable. I got switched to Prozac dosage got switched for a couple of months and then got put on sertraline, became suicidal. I gave up for a year on medications and tried exercising but still had bad depression and was tired but couldn 't sleep at all. Now, I 've been on Pristiq for 9 days and some days I 'm in amazing moods and some I 'm really quiet and still have trouble sleeping but these reviews help me not want to give up yet. Thank you!
So woke up sunday morning with a little blister. Instantly took 4x500mg Valtrex. Unlike the rest of the users on the previous reviews, mine did get bigger and did multiply. It is now Tuesday. It didn 't get as big as it would get without the valtrex but still up there and not scabbing yet. So its either I 'm not lucky like the rest of the users or they are making it up.
I have been taking Avapro for more years than I care to remember.  It did not do the trick in lowering my blood pressure alone so a diuretic was added to the mix.  I get so tired I can hardly stand to stay awake. I am so lazy, I don 't feel like doing anything and I don 't even care.   I started researching and found this site, perhaps this tiredness is from Avapro.  I will talk to my doctor.
I was diagnosed with juvenile myoclonic epilepsy in 2010 and was started on depakote, after gaining 40 lbs and still having seizures on that medication, my doc switched me to Keppra XR, initially I started out on 500mg once a day and was feeling a little drowsy but ok, I was still having muscle jerks so she upped the dose to 1500mg once a day and started having severe fatigue, as a college student this was affecting my studies severely. Now, on the same dosage for 3 years, I have memory loss, severe exhaustion and fatigue, headaches and dizziness every day and my school work is being negatively affected. My doc refuses to change my medication since I haven 't had a seizure while on keppra XR.
I got the implant in November. Bleeding was expected. I 'ts now June and I am ALWAYS bleeding. I 've been sticking it out for 8 months now hoping my body will cope with the new medicine. Looks like its not happening. I just got done bleeding for almost a week 3 days ago, went to the bathroom because of cramps and of course there was blood. As far as it actually protecting against pregnancy I wouldn 't know because my significant other passed away a few months after a minor procedure. This thing sucks. I would never recommend it to anyone.
Got Mirena October 2016 to reduce my typically heavy and painful periods. (Got tubes tied after baby number 2 so didn 't need it for birth control.) Gained weight and got acne up my back and neck the next few months. My husband noticed I seemed more sad and lonely all the time. I got bladder infections every time I had my period until I started taking D-Mannose...and it had been years since I 'd had one. Around the 6 month mark -- when they say your periods should level out -- I went from a period every 3 weeks to one every 7-10 days. After 8 weeks of this, I got Mirena removed. It has been 5 days. I 'm still bleeding but my skin has cleared up already. My niece is looking into connections between her Mirena and MS-type symptoms she 's developed
Taking anticoagulant twice a day called Eliquis and I am certain this spray interacts with this drug.I was forced to use it owing to severity of sinusitis. My face was red and my  head felt very strange, and I had palpitations also couldn 't sleep and was awake all night.Will not be using it again.
I own  the tablets (50 mg), the syrup, and the suppositories. My longest experience has been with the syrup. I have been using the syrup for over 10 years for helping to control my motion sickness. Also, I have used it other times to help with stomach upset too. I started out taking 2 teaspoonfuls of the syrup and that worked great worked great for controlling my motion sickness. However, the longer I continued to take it, the higher of a dosage I found myself having to take for it to work for me. My doctor ended up increasing my dosage. I was prescribed the biggest bottle of this stuff that you can get. I saw alcohol listed as an ingredient. I didn 't feel right using it anymore. I was prescribed the pill and suppositories to use instead.
I have severe anxiety.Constantly thinking bad things are going to happen also worrys and I get panic attacks atleast once a day and automatically in the heat.i was on 25mg of amitriptyline for sixMonths I thought it worked ok for sleep but then I stopped because I thought I didn 't need it anymore.. Now I have never had such bad anxiety.i feel like my muscles are always tense  I started lexapro 3 weeks ago on 10mg recently went up to fifteen . I 'm so tired and my panic attacks are still there The only good thing so far is I am sleeping like a log .I Tryed it at night and I had Insomnia so now I take it in theMorning My doctor told me if my anxiety is still there go upTo twenty sometimes I feel l will never feel myself again ..
I did not have a good experience on Loestrin. Breakouts got worse, had bad mood swings, and breakthrough bleeding. However, I was only on it for a month and a week, so this might not be a fair evaluation. Couldn 't stand the side effects though, so had to get off of it.
I 've been on this birth control for two weeks now, and I have had so many side effects. Sore breast, stomach cramps, bloating, and very bad acne. I would compare them to pregnancy symptoms. Really hate feeling like I 'm pregnant, and it really helped seeing that other girls have had the same experience with this.
I had been on it for two years. My insurance didn 't cover it, the company provided it for me free (thankful) until recently when my dh got a raise (also thankful). The first year was really good, some flushing but tolerable.However, in the past year, it seemed to stop working and I wasn 't feeling any better - I know that is vague. But, I began falling for the first time, fatigue really returned.At this same time, I developed a rather large rash and unbearable itching centered around my neck and back of head, around ears. The company nurse said this would be a  'serious side-effect ' so while I dread doing any needles, the itching is unbearable, the drug too expensive w/o insurance, so I 've stopped taking it.
I have used implanon since january 17, 2008...At first I didn 't feel anything and thought this was the best method of birth control...However as time progressed I have experienced a lot of negative symptoms....I have gained weight, my breast are constantly in pain, I have lower back pain and my mood swings have become the worst. It 's gotten so bad because I get mad at the smallest things and can 't control my attitude. I do believe this is one of the best methods of preventing pregnancy but just hate the side effects that come along with it.
I 'm 18 and got the paraguard in March. I 'm sharing this because I think it 's horrible, but then again I 've never given birth, so my cervix isnt used to being opened- at all. But the insertion was insanely painful, I was crying and almost begging them to stop. Afterwards I was nauseous and very pale- I had to sit in the office for a good 20 minutes before I could walk again. I had to drive home and I was in so much pain I almost crashed. The pain didn 't go away for 2 months- straight. It was constant, out of no where lying on the ground, curled in a ball pain. After two months, it started to get better. Except came my periods. It would be heavy, to the point where I bled through a super-plus tampon in 30 minutes. And now I 'm in pain.
I had a bacteria infection, and after taking those metallic tasting pills I always get a yeast infection right afterwards. So I went to Walgreens and purchased this product. I went home, took a bath, then applied the monistat 1 one day use... My cooch has been on fire since I inserted it... So I went online to read the reviews, and I found it good to know that it 's not just me with a fire crotch..  however , I do feel like the product works, but the burning feeling is uncomfortable
Hi. I have been on methotrexate 10 pills once a week and embrel injection 50mg  once a week and now added Lyrica 50 mg 2 x a day. Told I have RA, and fibromyalgia. But even with these great meds I feel bad. From my waist to botton of my feet I hurt so. I do see my legs are swelling so very large and skin gets tight it hurts to walk. I dont know what else to do. I work and am on my feet all day. I go up and down the stairs at home I try to get extra walks in going around the blocks. But it hurts too bad. Im very tolerant to pain but this is to the point of no return. I feel bad for my family that maybe I 'm a burden. And if I feel this way now how will I feel if I 'd ever need some one to help me with everyday chores and hygiene. They may not see
I have had to take this medication for years.  Not because I need to but because of the withdrawal symptoms.  My doctor and I have been working on this for so long.  My doctor even said it 's too bad we didn 't know then what we know now, he would have prescribed me anything but this. 
I 've had it in for about 6 weeks now. My first week with it in was perfect, I had no side effects. However after that I started bleeding and now its been going on for exactly 1 month with no signs of stopping. I really want to like it and I don 't want to get it removed. I 'm hoping it will stop bleeding on its own or I 'm going to get it out
This birth control did prevent me from getting pregnant which is the main concern. However, I have never bled so much in my life. I am someone that has always had perfect periods without birth control. I went from that to bleeding three weeks out of the month and it never would stop. It wasn 't necessarily heavy bleeding, but it is very aggravating to bleed constantly. This medicine also made me have acne and I normally have very clear skin. It made me have mood swings that my husband noticed. He even asked me when his nice wife was coming back. I decided after giving this three months to go to a permanent birth control method. 
Took this a while back, it was ok I just wanted to regulate my cycle when it did I got off for a while. My hormones out of wack  again so I started them again, I have mid back length hair and its pretty healthy I washed my hair since taking these and noticed tremendous hair loss. Not good!
I 've been a Type I diabetic for 14 years and just recently (within the past month) made the switch from Lantus to Tresiba. I have had constant headaches in the afternoons since switching and today is the second time the pen has just stopped working. I will be partially through the injection when the pen stops dispersing the insulin - you can press on the plunger but nothing comes out and the numbers do not go down. Not having insulin when your life depends on it is the scariest feeling in the world.
I started taking Spiriva almost 3 weeks ago but have been advised to stop taking it as of today. I 've had awful side effects that have built up.. dry mouth, sinus problems, blood in my mucus when I blow my nose, blurred vision, dizziness, palpitations. I do know of people it has helped but does anybody else have same problems as me?
Horrible. Just finished the first half and I am dreading literally dreading the second half. I threw up half of it and feel sicker then a dog with a splitting migrane!
Extreme diarrhea
I only just started the NuvaRing about 1 month ago after getting my Mirena taken out. So far I already thought I was pregnant because I had nausea and extreme salivation. Headaches, and oh my gosh the back and and stomach cramps were almost as bad as when I had labor pains with my son. 
This medicine helped for depression.  The problem is, the first time I went up to 40mg, (within 2 hours), I started sweating profusely and was super nauseous.  After 5 days of this, I am going to switch medicines.  The sad thing is it does help with depression but I can 't handle feeling nauseous all the time.
I love reading all the positive reviews and am happy for those getting results but this isn 't for me. I was nauseated day 1. I  haven 't felt good since. I persisted until 2 weeks, but I 've now became quite irritable and experience horrible migraines as well as blacked out twice. Apparently weight loss is great for everyone from day one so I realize now that this isn 't working for me. I haven 't lost a pound. Good luck to everyone else taking it with great results!
Caused side effects like erectile dysfunction and it took a while to work.  Also felt a little dizzy taking this.
This was the first pill I was prescribed. I never became pregnant although towards the end I felt symptoms monthly. After a year, my periods became irregular. My sex drive decreased severely and I became dried up. My acne never changed. I gained weight, but I won 't say it was cause of the pill.
It was the first kidney stone I had. Can 't say it really helped. I was only supposed to take 2 weeks worth. I was pretty sure I passed stone but doc wanted me to take full dose. Halfway through 2nd week, I wet the bed. I stopped taking them then.
I have been on Janumet for about a month now, and for the last couple of days I 've been having severe throat pain.  The pain is so severe I 'll have to see a doctor tomorrow and I 've already stopped taking it for two days now.   It has worked well to reduce my blood sugar, but the side effects are just too much to bare.
I started this birth control because I wanted something low hormone. I was on it a few years ago then stopped, and when I started again a year later my doc put me on the same the one. This time it has cause a lot of problems for me though! I gained about 8 pounds in the first month, all in my midsection (boobs and stomach!). After working out and eating better I have lost most of it, but because of the fluctuation my boobs have started to sag and I 'm only 24! The biggest issue is that is has CAUSED acne in places I 've never had it before, most noticeably my neck. Not just my jawline or near my face, big cystic pimples on my neck and throat which are impossible to cover up!! I am switching to Yaz now and am hoping it will fix my skin.
Started on Pristiq one year ago. I had a slight positive change in my depression. I was able to get out of bed, shower, do some work. However, I developed OCD where I HAD to continually rub my nose or pick my scalp. After 6-7 months, I became anti-social, completely lethargic, did not dress or shower for days but sat in a chair rubbing my nose! I had no range of emotion - no anger, no joy - no feelings. The death of a good friend did not affect me. I decided to stop Pristiq - slowly - and I have had HELLISH withdrawals reducing by 25% every 2 weeks. Withdrawals included depersonalization, confusion, inability to think clearly, panic attacks, tremors, nightmares, tremors, and out of body sensations. I would NEVER recommend this drug.
I just switched from YAZ to Ocella, and since then I have been so emotional. Crying almost very day and mood swings are crazy! I was not like this at all when I was on YAZ.
After trying every single birth control besides the depo shot and the iud I decided to give the shot a chance. Worst idea of my life. Iv been on it for 8 months and I can 't wait to never get my next shot. As soon as I got my first shot I noticed my appetite  increase. I was never full, I could eat all day. After I ate breakfast I couldn 't wait for lunch. All I wanted to do was eat and sleep all day. I called my doc and she said to give it 3 months. After 3 months I was depressed I hated my life and I couldn 't stop eating. 6 months in I gained 21 pounds. I didn 't want to wake up ever. I couldn 't wait to get home and go to sleep after work. All I keep thinking about is suicide. I will never go on this birth control again.
I have been taking this birth control for 6 months and I have finally decided to stop taking it. Although it did help eliminate my acne, regulate my cycle, and prevent pregnancy, the cons outweigh the pros for me. At first I didn 't really experience too many negative side effects, but as time has gone on I have become severely depressed, moody, and unmotivated. I am constantly tired and have become extremely forgetful about even simple things. I have become overly anxious and paranoid. I did have anxiety at times before the pill, but it was never this bad. My breasts are constantly sore and I have absolutely no sex drive anymore. None at all. I know it 's this pill causing this and I need to stop taking it so I can feel like myself again.
So far it 's not working and no side effects
It was okay when I first got it, not too painful or maybe I was expecting more pain, anyway I spotted for a day afterwards and it was fine, then no bleeding for a week. I had sex then like 4 days later I started my cycle and it 's day 8 with heavy bleeding and horrible cramps...
So I had the mirena inserted 4/1/15. I have a 3 month old son. The pain was horrible. Took the doc a few times to get it placed correctly. After the insertion, I didn 't have any cramping or bleeding for abt 4 days. On 4/5/15, I started bleeding heavily. It 's was heavy for abt 3 days and now it 's light. I 'm STILL bleeding. I 'm starting to have cramping now. I don 't think I like it so I 'm considering having it removed and trying something different.
I 've been using this brand for years due to back injury.  Suddenly, Dan has changed ingredients in the last few bottles I 've bought.  Now I have to triple my dosage because they are not as effective as they used to be.  I 'm 63 years old and it 's frustrating that Dan is trying to cut down costs.  These pills get me through rough times but not anymore.
I was initially on Januvia but didn 't find it effective. My sugar levels were good in the morning (105), but skyrocketed to 160  after eating a meal. I ended up switching to Janumet, which is Januvia   Metformin. The Janumet helped but was later supplemented with Amaryl. From my experiences, the only positive feedback about Januvia or Januvia-based medicines is that they do not cause hypoglycemia.
i went on Junel fe about 15 months ago for extremely painful cramps during my period and for birth control, about two months after I lost most of my sex drive and over the course I 've been taking it I went from 110-138, I 'm 5 '0 and 18, and even after all these months I 'm still finding new stretch marks and gaining weight and I 'm barely eating. I 'm switching at the end of this pack(finally). I gave it 4/10 because it kept me from getting pregnant but otherwise it sucks.
Trying Trulicity to lose weight. I have pre-diabetes readings and I have tried several other drugs. I lose up to 50 lbs in a short time, then it comes back.  Got my first T injection this morning at drs offfice. So far don 't feel any nausea or other symptoms.  My problem is I am a very picky eater, go thru several bouts of intense carb cravings, and my diet is extremely limited.  I can 't do diets anymore, esp. high protein diets.  Oh well...will see what happens with this one. WIll post again !  Good Luck to all for whatever reason you are using T.
This worked great the first couple months.  Then the fatigue and weight gain kicked in.  I have never in my life been fat and this caused me to gain weight like crazy.  Plus after a few months the headaches returned.  I am going off it now.
Took it at 4:41 it 's now 5:20 and I feel dizzy and light headed. I ate before taking it ...the dizziness brought me here
I 've been on Taytulla for 3 months now after my pharmacy told me Minastrin 24 is being discontinued. I had a smooth transition from Minastrin to Taytulla, meaning no break through bleeding, but my actual periods have been a lot heavier and my cramps a lot worse on Taytulla. In addition, I 've experienced periodic breast tenderness and am sometimes overly sensitive. I have also gained five pounds after starting this pill (105 lbs to 110 lbs). I 'm sure no one else can notice the change in weight, but I certainly do when my shorts no longer fit me. I am going to give it one more month and then will consider switching to another generic of Minastrin.
Controlled HBP, but had diarrhea every morning when taking medication at  night as instructed, followed by bloating the rest of the day. After 6 months the doctor has prescribed a different medication.
Took this about 10 minutes ago.  At 1:25ishpm on Feb 26 2017.  Will let you know how it works later.
I recently switched to Beyaz and since then I 've had awful breakouts on my face. I never got pimples before when I was on Ortho Tri-Cyclen.  I 'm switching back.
I have been taking Otezla for about 8 weeks.  I experienced nausea, frequent bowel movements, headaches, and a lack of appetite although the severity tapered off after a few weeks, they still continue. As I did more research into others who have taken it I have experienced 2 trips to the ER due to inflammation in my feet and I feel so fatigued and don 't want to do anything...but I feel better if I move around a bit...but I get wore out pretty easy and then my feet are killing me. I 'd like to say I feel better than when I started... and in some ways I do.  I used to feel like my joints were fusing together, I couldn 't walk up or down stairs, and I couldn 't open a bottle of water. I feel a lot looser now and can do some things. I still hurt.
First day on Contrave! I picked up my prescription at lunchtime and started it then. Within the first hour I was getting a little blurred vision and had a very dry mouth.  Also my co workers noticed that I stopped talking as much as I was and I was not in as good of a mood. I began to yawn a few times in the first hour. I am usually a high energy person and was just fine earlier so this was odd. By the time 3:00 came around I was begging for me bed. Nausea started and was getting bad.  I came home instead of working out and passed out for 2 whole hours!  I never ever take naps. I 'm concerned to take it again tomorrow but I will to see if this gets any better.  My Dr. Said it would give me energy....that is not the case what so ever with me.
Was on Androgel for 4 months, noticed very little difference in libido, energy, etc. At 45 years old, I was hoping for a bit more benefit. I decided after consulting with my doctor to get injections. This too has been somewhat underwhelming. I am not looking for huge improvement in mood, libido, etc., but I can 't honestly say I have seen much difference on it or off it.
In theory, it would have been the perfect contraceptive, but I 'm scheduling an appointment to take it out because of rapid weight gain.With the IUD, my periods have been easy to manage, and far in between each other (about 2-3 months). It would last about 3 days, but the flow was very light. Pink on the toilet paper, like spotting. BEFORE Mirena, my highest recorded weight was 170 lbs. I ate junk all day and never exercised. After I began working out and eating clean, I dropped down to a stable 130 lbs. AFTER Mirena, noticed a slight weight gain, and almost 2 years later, I now weigh 190 lbs!!! I 'm running miles every day, eating well and I 'm STILL gaining weight.I need it out immediately! It 's ruining my self esteem and body image!
I tried Yaz for over a year for PMDD; it did not relieve my symptoms and may have induced migraines.  It kept periods short and my skin clear though. 
Taken on days following R-CHOP therapy, and it is an emotional roller coaster at higher doses (100MG per day). However, it did keep inflammation down. I felt very awake and edgy.
I have been on this pill for 6 months since I was diagnosed with PCOS. My periods were still regular before going on this pill. My only real symptoms of PCOS were excessive hair growth and elevated Testosterone levels. Since I started taking this pill I have chronic spotting, bloating, headaches, and fatigue. I fatigue is so bad that it has started to interfere with my grades in school. I get a horrible pain in my left hip before I start spotting. I have seen no improvement with the abnormal hair. I also have not had a period since starting the pill which i started six months ago.
I must say reading all the comments it 's not a good feeling at all yes it burns n itch but I 'm guessing cause it working will I try it again yes maybe cause I rather go through pain for a day than use creams but I must say it is messing my first time using this and I would recommend it to a friend ;-)
This is my first yeast infection and I 'm 18. My mom gets them too, not frequently, but enough to where she knows her meds. She told me not to use M1 but that I should use m3. I wanted to get this over with and just use the one day treatment but she warned me there was no way I was sleeping if I did, reading the reviews also convinced me not to. But even using M3 it 's impossible to sleep, regardless of taking two Advil. I don 't have any burning but just the most intense itching I 've ever felt in my life. This is night 1 and I hope it gets better and not worse on the next two nights. After an hour and a half the itching let up a little. The less I move the less I feel it, either that or the Advil is kicking in. So far, I expected worse.
Just got it removed less than 10mins ago after having it for a year and a half! My doctor tried to convince me to keep it (like she always does) but nope, not this time! It&rsquo;s too DAMN annoying. Excuse my language. I got my period every month on time and it always lasts for like two weeks! After I FINALLY go off, there&rsquo;s this foul odor that doesn&rsquo;t want to go away no matter how many times I&rsquo;ve showered, soaked, prescription gels, summer&rsquo;s eve&rsquo;d, shoot I was trying everything! Endless google searches! So basically, all month long I&rsquo;m dealing with something. The spotting is also very random and it&rsquo;s annoying. I&rsquo;m trying the one that goes in my arm...  because I&rsquo;m done with Liletta.PROS: I&rsquo;m not pregnant... *shoulder shrug*
Took 18mg Concerta for 5 days. On day two, I woke up and cleaned and tidied the whole house, my partner thought something was wrong with me! Then the side effects came... Nausea, depression, anxiety. By the time I was coming down at around 3pm I had to stay at home, I was unable to drive my car or even just go out. My doc wanted to try me on 5mg Ritalin 3x a day quick release but I refused. After reading the reviews on here about dexamphetamine I started them this morning. 5mg 3x a day. Hopefully this will be the one for me.
Fewer side effects than Depakote but nearly no benefit for migraines.
I was on Levora for 2 months and when I started taking it, my period was a month late, but I had some breakthrough bleeding. I would also get nauseous late at night. I did break out just a bit and my sex drive increased. I stopped for a while and started again, and have been on it for a month now. This time my sex drive is lower and I tend to get dry during sex more often. I 'm an emotional wreck. I 'm depressed and have lots of anxiety. And I 'm always angry or crying. And I 'm ALWAYS hungry and craving things. And my breasts are slightly sore. In the first couple of weeks I gained weight, then in the last two I lost weight. But both experiences were different. It does it 's job of preventing pregnancy though.
I got it in Jan 2008. No period for 3 months, then I bled for 2 months straight. After that, 2 periods a months for about 5 days each....EXHAUSTING! Tired, sad, depressed, no sex drive, weight gain, anger, aggressiveness, sweet tooth, but the worst - THE HORRIBLE mood swings! The best thing about it, it didn 't hurt when it went in, minimal tenderness after insertion, and I did not get pregnant! I seriously feel like I am going through the change of life at 28 years. I am having it removed in days. No clue as to prevent future birth control, but NO MORE HORMONES! Probably wont be an issue, hubby hates the new evil me!
About 15 minutes after drinking the second bottle the diarrhea started. It was pretty severe and made it difficult to get through the CT Scan. It was followed by nausea and some weakness. It started early in the morning and is lasting well into the night.
I started Zoloft 2 years ago and was taking 100 mg daily. I quit cigarettes cold Turkey and figured I cold do the same with Zoloft. I probably have 3 or 4 days left till its out completely. Good thing no one crossed me in two weeks. Everytime you begin to get upset a surge races through your brain. Don 't be like me. Wean off the right way.
Worked for mood stabilization but side effects were not acceptable. There were vivid and sometimes nightmares, also weight gain.
Caused weight gain.
I took ciprofloxacin 6 years ago and had foot and hand tendonitis within 5 months of taking it, now 6 years later tendons of my feet, legs, hands and arms have hardened and ruptured.  Showing that this chemical does not leave your body once it has entered it!
I had TERRIBLE PMS on this pill.  My cramps and back pain were unbearable, even though it didn 't last long.  I could have eaten 10000 lbs of chocolate during PMS as well.  I was on my period for about two weeks a month while I took this.  I would start in week 3 and bleed very heavy for 5 days, then light and thick for the next 9 days.  I had to get off.  I did not experience mood swings on it though, that was the good thing...but about the only good thing.
I was prescribe Lyrica for a pinched nerve in my elbow after a dislocation. The pain made physical therapy intolerable. With just one dose of 75mg of Lyrica, I could bend my elbow without wincing. Absolutely marvelous. Unfortunately there were 2 side effects that make me stop taking it. First one was that I fell asleep almost immediately after taking it for about 2 hours and my brain felt very foggy after I woke up. Second issue was a slight tightness in the chest and feeling a little out of breath. Not severe, but enough to let me know that I couldn 't take it again. Made me sad because it really worked.
This was my first birth control. There were some good things, it cleared my face up after about 2 months and made my horrible periods light. Usually I would have to stay home when my period would start because the pain would be unbearable. When taking Loestrin I wouldn 't even have to take an Advil. I had to get off this medication though because it killed my sex drive which is not good because I 'm a newlywed. Also I gained about 10lbs on it. I would work out and cut my eating in half and could not shed the extra weight. I 'm about 121 now and when I started I Was 109. Another thing I hated was it made me really emotional! I could cry on command. My Doctor switched me to Lo Ovral will see how that goes.
I took arimidex for five months after a mastectomy. The first few months I had very little problems apart from a severe farty bottom and abdominal pain.Then it hit me that awful debilitating pain so many people talk about. I couldnt close my hands in the morning and when I got out of bed I could barely walk my legs were so stiff. I tried physio, dry needling, glucosamine, tumeric and various rubs to no avail. I developed huge knotty muscle lumps on my legs and tummy. My oncologist advised me to have a short break and I noticed differences almost straight away. I could actually walk again and after two weeks everything settled. I have just started tamoxifen and I am crossing my fingers that all goes well. I really want the insurance.
Be sure to do your own research on withdrawal symptoms and difficulties BEFORE going on this drug. Although it may work well, if you ever want to get off of it (i.e. for pregnancy), then the withdrawal can be hard.
I was on loestrin fe, to minastrin fe, now to junel 1/20 since that 's all my insurance would cover. I have been on it a week and a half. This is possibly the worst birth control ever. I have been on birth control for 5 years, and not ONCE have I ever experienced this. I am moody, anxious, depressed, exhausted, mild headaches, nauseous. I have no clue who I am on this and it 's only been a week and a half. I 'd hate to see long term effects. Coming off of it immediately
I have been on this for almost two years now. Remind you I 'm 18 now but I hate this birth control! Everyone 's body is different but has anyone else had abdominal pain?!!! My boyfriend and I can barely get through sex because I have such bad pain! It 's not even cramping which is what scares me. What also scares me is that my period are completely gone. GONE! It may seem like a pro for some but when I miss 3 months and only get my period for 2 days and it 's light and looks as if I am spotting... That worries me. I even took a pregnancy test. Multiple actually just to check. I would not recommend. I haven 't had problems with skin or weight gain. Actually I have lost weight. But the abdominal pain and cramping. Not worth it.
I am 42 yrs and have been on 40 mg celexa for years. It did help with my anxiety 100% however all I do is sleep and lay and watch TV when I am awake. I DO NOT WANT to do ANYTHING or go ANY WHERE!! I do the bare minimum of my house work when before I was OCD about my home. You could literally eat off the floor, my house did not even look lived in. Celexa has taking many years of my life!! I have decided to taper and been taking 30 mg for a week and already feel SO MUCH BETTER!! I have been doing things around my house that I have neglected before and have plans to do so much more. Also going somewhere does not sound horrible. I mean I did not even go to family functions!! I am on my way of taking my life back!
With the DASH diet and exercise my BP was still high and the doctor increased my daily 5mg of Norvasc to 10mg. It helps decrease my usual 170/104 to approx 150/70 but only for a few hours. I am fatigued, headaches and super cold feet and hands constantly. I also have muscle cramps. I feel as if I had a heart attack a few days ago but my doctor says its gastritis. The side effects are worse than hypertension itself! Maybe I need a new medicine and/or a new physician. Good health to you!
I selected this birth control specifically for the convenience and I was under the impression that there was really no risk of weight gain. I have consistently been putting on weight since I got the implant. I equated the weight gain to the &quot;freshman 15&quot;, but I have been eating 1700 calories a day and working out 7 days a week and the weight keeps piling on. My periods completely stopped after about 3 months, but I did not have issues with my period to start with. My mental health has not been great either, but I assumed that was also from starting my first year of college. All of my friends have this and have no complaints, but it did not work out for me at all. Getting it removed as soon as possible.
Ok so I 'm just tossing my 2 cents in. I had my liletta inserted 7 Days ago. I 'll start with my best friends good luck text as I walked into the exam room &quot;enjoy those 2 little contractions once it 's in&quot; (She is the only person I know who has had an IUD). On a scale of 1-10 this was a solid praying for my own death 15! (I have broken bones that have hurt less, not to mention 8 tats and a body piercing). I screamed out loud! And almost passed out twice once on the table and once on my way to the car. The cramping died down at day 5 it 's random now, the bleeding is down to spotting. But the BLOATING is insane.. I almost look pregnant. (5 '10 175 lbs before insertion, I have not stepped on a scale since.) I fear it will not go away.
Costly, no breaks, once yearly free 30. Cost $250 monthly
I have PCOS and fibroids.  Had a tubal ligation during caesearean with third child 7/21/09 which lead to 10 weeks of bleeding and spotting.  Had d&amp;c in December 2010 then mirena inserted for treatment of heavy menstrual flow.  Of course my periods go heavier, not lighter, but somewhat predictable with help of period tracker app.  Once my period hit day 47 in Oct 2012 I had it removed and my period started that day. Since I had the mirena removed my periods have become normal
I 've been on Nortrel 1/35 for about 10 months now.  I 'm 22 and this is the first time I 've been on birth control.  I had spotting between periods for the first few months I took it - way longer than you 're supposed to.  Sometimes it practically was a period, and then during the off-week I would have another one. But my periods were never regular and now they are - a good thing.  My cramps, however, seem to have gotten worse.  But my biggest problem is vaginal dryness!  It 's not that I don 't have a sex drive, it 's just that sex HURTS without an hour of foreplay and a gallon of lubricant.  I guess that makes this a highly effective method of birth control, because I 'm starting to avoid sex out of fear that it will leave me sore for hours.
I started Wellbutrin 5 days ago. The first night I felt like my heart was racing and pounding but it went away the next day. Then at work for the past 2 days I have been sweating excessivley and getting the feeling that I need to sit. Last night after taking the medication for 5 days I had the feeling that my head weighed a 1000 pounds and I just felt so dizzy, lightheaded, and weak I could barely walk right. I went to lay down to sleep and all of a sudden I couldn 't swallow and was gasping for air. It was so scary. I just couldn 't catch my breath. I could feel my throat closing up. I was rushed to E.R and they found I was having an allergic reaction to it.
I 've been on Wellbutrin XL 150mg for 7 weeks now (adult ADD and comorbid depression). I experienced some of the common side effects such as dry mouth and loss of appetite, but everything came back to normal after a few weeks. Sadly, I haven 't noticed much change in terms of mood or attention/focus... It hasn 't worsened but it hasn 't improved either. Then again I know this is a low dose. I saw my doctor today and he switched my prescription to Wellbutrin XL 300mg. I 'm starting tomorrow and I hope it will work better for me. I 'm eager to give it another try since I 've seen a lot of positive reviews on here :)
Probably one of the worst decisions I have made in my adult life. I have always had great skin and on this medication it exploded with both random dryness and severe acne. My emotions were a roller coaster (more than just normal girl stuff). My sex drive plummeted. Constant spotting. Yeah It prevented me from getting pregnant probably because I was always on my period. All in all bad experience.
Made my heart feel as if it were slowing down. I got confused and experienced heavy breathing.
Insulin works fine just have trouble with pen.  Always pain and pen jammed once.  I use another brand of pen with no problems.  Went over how to use video.   I thought I was doing something wrong.  But was not.   Don 't know why I get pain from this.
I went to my OBGYN for my yearly appointment and she refilled the same pill that I 've been on for two years. Loved Trinessa, did its job, I could estimate the time of my period down to the hour. Lasted 4 days. And for being a person that switched pills for a year trying to lessen my sad feelings, Trinessa really did me well. So, after my yearly appointment, I went to pick up my new, yearly prescription. CVS stopped carrying Trinessa and gave me Tri-Estarylla instead. All they told me was that they did not carry Trinessa and that this was the same chemical compound, just a different generic brand. Well now, I 've been on this new pill for two weeks, and I have yet to stop bleeding from my last week on Trinessa! Spotting is terrible.
I had abdominal myomectomy several years ago. Unfortunately, my fibroids returned with a vengeance and I had heavy bleeding from the fibroids. My cycle was so heavy last summer that I went to the ER. After my ER visit, my doctor put me on Lysteda. It worked very well for the first 3-4 months. Then, my cycles were heavy again. My doctor suggested Lo Loestrin FE. I started taking these in mid-March on the first day of my cycle. Today is July 27 and I have had my period almost EVERYDAY since mid-March.  My doctor said that I have to give my body at least 6-9 months to adjust to the pills. The upside is that I am not experiencing any of the &quot;normal&quot; side effects.  No nausea, acne, tender breasts, weight gain, etc. I just want a couple of weeks without spotting or full on bleeding.
One month into the pill I fell deeply into depression. Also, I started the pill with the first day method (on the first day of my period) causing me to spot for the whole 2 months of taking the pill. After taking a break from the pill after the second month I started to recover from the depression. Giving it another try I started the pill once again but instead this time after my period ended solving the spotting issue, but I notice that after the first month of taking the pill I fall into depression once again. It 's made my acne much worse, but. It does prevent pregnancy. I 'll be switching pills.
I took Effexor XR for about 13 years.  It worked fine. I just went off it VERY slowly in February so that we could try and get pregnant.  Pregnancy did not happen an panic attacks came back.  I went back on Effexor and it is like a different medicine!  My vision has gotten so bad that I cannot drive.  I am sick all of the time and I have constant diarrhea.  One of my pupils dilated.  I find it strange that the same medicine won 't work for me as before.  I have been on it now for 5 weeks.  
In general I have loose stools, but while on the drug, a sneeze or cough and I would soil myself. This became such a problem I didn 't want to leave the house. I never lost any weight during my time on this medication.
I received my implant in December 2013 after having my son in May 2013. The 1st year was great, no side effects at all. The next year however, has been terrible. The first terrible side effect, I have been on my cycle for a full 3 weeks and still counting. 2nd, my hair has begun to shed. 3rd, the weight gain is out of control. No matter what I do to lose weight, it doesn 't happen, it 's like I 'm stuck at this weight. Because I got on shortly after having my son, I haven 't even had an opportunity to drop the baby weight. It 's a great method because you don 't have to worry about anything for 3 years, but it just doesn 't  work for me. I desire to lose at least 30 lbs, have a full head of healthy hair, and a cycle once a month for about 4-7.
I was put on this medication for anxiety and depression as I had previously been on lexapro 15mg for 3 years and had consistently had a insatiable appetite. I saw a pyc specialising in perinatal depression as I changed whilst pregnant. I started on 37.5mg of Effexor but needed to constantly increase 75.5mg then 112.5 mg as My biggest complaint on this medication was extreme aggression. I would get so angry I doubted my ability to not harm my children. I obviously saw my doc who has taken me off it, withdrawal was ok till back down to 37.5 mg. Please don 't take this medication try everything else before this- side effects for withdrawal are awful I 've just got off it and switched to Zoloft and 2nd day in already feeling better.
I have been recently having bad acne for a year now, I went to my dermatologist and they prescribed epiduo. For the first week it worked great and really helped with my acne. But during the second week thats when it started to get bad. After I would use it my skin would burn and it hurt so bad that I was in tears. Nothing helped the burning but applying ice too it. It also made my face very red and my skin started to flake off. I don 't tend to have sensitive skin either... would not recommend
It 's okay. I take it (not every day) for back pain and migraines. First time I took it I threw up, probably because I 've never taken any narcotic pain killers before. It still frequently makes me nauseous when I take it and takes a good four hours to really kick in and work.Personally, these days, I find much more luck with medical marijuana. Not habit-forming, and much safer.
I had Nexplanon inserted June of this year. Since then I have had three periods, the first two lasted about two weeks. I am currently bleeding again and have been for almost a month. My gyno gave me bc pills to help regulate my period but once I finished those off, I immediately started bleeding again, heavier than before. Prolonged bleeding and also depressed mood have been the side effects I experienced.  I won 't tell anyone NOT to try nexplanon, but I would tell them that everyone 's experience will be different. It 's a great form of bc since I basically bled the whole time, I couldn 't even have sex!
I got it inserted in May 2015 and it worked great at first. About 2 months later I started bleeding and did not stop until about 6 months later. It would stop for maybe 2 days at a time if i was lucky. I thought I had gotten through that but it just kept happening. I just stopped bleeding about 3 days ago after bleeding for almost 4 months. Going to talk to the doctor about something to help this week.
I took 2 pills for constipation. This pill cleans you out, but its so painful! 2 to 3 hours later you start to cramp. It just gets worse and worse. I had some chest discomfort..that wasn 't expected. They went away within a minute or so. Anyways the cramping is extremely painful and you feel super sick it 's just like a stomach flu! It 's been hours and I am still having the effects off and on. As much as I 'm glad to not be constipated anymore...the pain was so bad I don 't think it is worth it. If you want to take this, expect brutal cramping and pain. From these comments, it happens to a lot of us.
Caused redness in my right eye and awful eye pain especially in the eye socket and into my cheek. No issues with left eye, apart from changing the colour of the white area of my eyes - I look jaundiced!
Since being diagnosed with &quot;Hypothyroidism&quot;(1999). 1st was given antidepressents for being tired and gaining weight (eyeroll). Have been on 88mcg 's of *Synthroid-daily.My blood work has always come back with my TSH at the HIGH-end of normal.  Former Dr retired years ago so no continuum of care (walk in clinic). Recently new   Dr suggested we adjust meds to bring down the TSH level. Started with 100mcg *Levothyroxine 5 days &amp; Synthroid 88-2 days a week.In a few months time I suffered some pretty severe side effects-EXTREME dizziness/weakness,lack of energy,mood extremes,weight is either climbing or stagnant,racing pulse/heartrate.We checked levels &amp; now TSH reads at the extreme low end of normal.I 'm scared please help.
Since beginning my dose of 10 mg of Diazepam 2x daily, my sleep is nowhere near restful. I have wild dreams, they feel very realistic and usually start well, but end in panic right before i wake up. This of course contributes to the giant versace bags under my eyes because I feel as if instead of sleeping, I just went through something crazy! At night, I take 10 mg 30 minutes before bed. Before that, iIfeel anxious, tense, and upset. I usually have to cancel plans with friends or loved ones because I can not get myself to put the effort in. Nights feel SO long and I used to love sleep, but now I almost want to avoid sleeping. overall, I 'm not seeing how Diazepam is better than Klonopin, if anything, it 's worse.
I 've been on this for a month. The symptoms I was put on this medicine to control are under control. It 's worked great for that. The problem lies with the side effects. I 'm sleepy constantly. I went from sleeping less than 4 hours a night to sleeping more than 12 hours a day. I 'm exhausted. I 've put on weight and I have a stuffy nose, head cold symptoms all the time. If I miss a dose the cold like symptoms let up but when I take the next dose its back in full force. I have been &quot;sick&quot; for the last month. No medicine that I 've been put on for the &quot;cold/allergies&quot; help. It has to be the Fanapt causing it. I 'm miserable. I stopped taking it 2 days ago and the cold just magically went away. Imagine that!
I 've been on this for 2 months and I have experienced cramping, acne breakout, low sex drive and breast tenderness. Been switch to Alesse. We 'll see what happens.
Vivid dreams/nightmares alternating with insomnia. Jaw clenching, teeth grinding at night. IBS like symptoms. Short term memory loss was the most disturbing. I would be right in the middle of a sentence and everything would drop, I would stop and have to try to remember what I was talking about or what I had wanted to say which was both embarrassing and upsetting. By the year end on this medication, the side effects completely overtook the benefits of this medication and I stopped.
Have been on most antidepressants since 1996, Prozac worked but then wears off (just discontinued 3 weeks ago). Viibryd at 10 mg first week helped, increased to 20mg as instructed. Have weakness overall, heart palpitations, dilated pupils, annoyed easily , unable to achieve the big O, gut feels awful and bloated, Cervical Dystonia is aggravated. I have not had diarrhea but cramping. Jittery feeling , thoughts of being better off dead for a few days now. Have only been on this med for 3 weeks... not sure what to do...
I too was up all night the times I took Mucinex DM.  Best to take in the morning hour, but night is when most the coughing exists.  The sleep is needed badly to get rid of the cold.
I have taken the laxative in the past, usually in the evening.  I would wake up and have bad abdominal pain and several bouts of diarrhea until the next morning. This was with only taking one pill. I reluctantly took one last night but felt bound up and uncomfortable. I woke up at 1am with terrible stomach pain and hot flashes. I had to take off my clothes and lay on the coolest floor I could find. It was horrible. Then I vomited about 5 times and felt some relief. Shortly after I had a normal bowel movement then went back to bed with the chills. I sleep well after that and woke up feeling fine. I threw the box of dulcolax in the garbage..never again! Not worth going through that agony.
I found that the pain relief was short lived and I gained 20lbs within a month..which made me more depressed.
This was one of the first IBS-D medicine I have taken. It worked somewhat, but it made me forget everything. And I mean EVERYTHING.
It reduced the nerve pain by 30 percent, but I had to take 1800mg a day to do it. The side effects seemed to increase the longer I was taking it. The main side effects I had werefatigue,weight gain, sexual disfunction, excesive hunger. After taking it for a few years I decided it wasn 't worth it and used massage therapy instead that improved my circulation without the side effects and reduced the pain just as much or more.
This med is rubbish . I can 't sleep  I have insomnia weight gain feel like garbage.  It was helpful for first 4 months.
I 've been on Lutera for close to two years. I have a very active sex life and it 's always done it 's job and worked. But the last few months I 've been spotting the week before my period. Also I 've been having insane mood swings. I get upset over everything. I went to my doctor and switched birth controls.
Took one 2mg clonazepam at bedtime for about 7 months. It definitely helped me get to sleep, but because of its long half life it left me drowsy even after a good 8 hours sleep. Going to start slowly weening off after I talk to my Doctor next week.
I started this because I need to get my mood stable and it doesn 't work for me all.I 'm 113 lbs and haven 't noticed any weight gain, I am really sleepy and thirsty during the night but it helps with my mood.
Bad withdrawal symptoms when trying to quit. I had horrible depression when trying to wean off. Also didn 't like how I felt on it. Took my imagination away, ability to day dream. Gave me high blood pressure. You must get on medicines for high blood pressure. So either stop Pristiq or get high blood pressure meds if you need it.
I just got into pain management. I have cubital tunnel and degenerative disc disease in T3/T4. My doctor put me on 25mcg fentanyl patches and 50mg tapentadol(Nucynta) for breakthrough pain. The fentanyl is helping but when I take the Nucynta it doesn 't seem to help my break through pain. My doctor was excited for me to try it and see how it works. 
It it true this medicine can make depression worse in people who are pre disposed to depression?  This is in the brain serotonin is converted into melatonin? The brain has a feed back sensing mechanism: if one takes melatonin tablet the normal level of melatonin present at the receptors goes up , the brain senses this and responds by decreasing serotonin production! I think this drug can be useful for jet lag for those who are not pre disposed to anxiety and depression! I 'm pre disposed and I tried it once and felt hopeless the next day! Also did not help sleep! Be careful with melatonin if depression and anxiety are present or are in remission! One can try it and see how they feel!
I am so glad I found this site and saw other people 's experiences.  This drug works to prevent pregnancy, but I have a week with a light period, then a week of a normal period.  I have also been experiencing extreme mood swings.  I thought it was just me and the stress factor of having 3 young children to keep up with and that I am homeschooling the older ones.  Something just kept telling me that it was the birth control doing it.  I will be calling my dr. in the morning and switching!!
I was given Lyrica for diabetic neuropathy. After about 10 days, I started to hallucinate. I was in a terrible way. I have to say, it did help with the pain, but the side effects, for me anyway, were pretty horrific.
I have yet to finish my first month of Junel Fe and am wondering if starting birth control was the right decision for me. I have gained six pounds in less than three weeks and have experienced more breakouts than all of last year combined. I 'm experiencing acne on my forehead and upper back. I feel emotional but nothing too out of the ordinary, but the weight gain and acne makes me feel insecure even though the acne is still probably considered mild and I am told you cannot notice the weight gain. I have had spotting for the last two weeks, starting off as bright red and cramps and has turned into dark brown without cramps. I have nothing to compare this birth control to and I fear that nothing will change and no other brand will be better.
Makes me feel extreme fatigue and cravings for sugar are too much. Not really sure its working for me.
I have been having severe pain due to an infection in my cheek from my wisdoms. I went to the Emergency because it was on a weekend that I experienced this pain and was prescribed T3 's and Amoxicillin for the infection. After taking 2 T3 's and waiting an hour, the pain still seems to be throbbing. I don 't know if it works for different people or what, but I am for sure disappointed and frustrated
So I started the shot on July 20, 2017 and the day after I had my period which I thought was normal because my period is usually around that time. But then it didn 't go away! At first it started off normally then after 4 days it started to get lighter and I thought it was just about to go away, NOPE!! I was spotting for about 2 weeks. I finally went away for about a week and there it was again. Its September 13 and I 'm still spotting. I 've been bleeding nonstop for so long and is so annoying, I 've done research and talked to other girls and heard what they had to say about when they got there first shot and they said they bled too 3,4 or 6mo! going to get my next shot which will be next month but if the bleeding is continuously then I quit!
I am not happy with reclipsen. I have gained a ton of weight in the last 3 months I have been on it, I get super nauseous in the mornings, and I have one extremely bad migraine on the last day of the pills. I changed to reclipsen because my other BC was giving me headaches. Now I 'm fat and have zero sex drive. I am going to stop reclipsen asap.
I took Viagra 50mg for several years and it was fantastic.  Then insurance company changed coverage and would only pay for Cialis.  Followed the Dr and drug company instruction to cut 20mg in half and use that. Two hours later, and with the proper &quot;motivation&quot; it wasn 't kicking in.  Didn 't kick in until the next morning, and I 'm not 100% sure it was the pill.  Bottom line, Cialis seems to kick in at unpredictable times, while viagra was a guarantee 60-90 minute fun time
Took Clindamycin for 10 days for a severe parotiditis which occured after using a hot tub. Within days of finishing the dosage, I got a black and brownish thick fuzzy tongue extending to the back of my throat. This is day 25 after the start of Clindamycin and my tongue is still discolored and fuzzy but it 's pretty much subsided. Also last Wednesday I developed a pleurisy in my left chest with severe pain radiating under the arm, no shortness of breath or problem with vital signs. Today, still have some pain on taking a deep breath.  Also with this medicine I developed a severe diarrhea around day 8 of the dosage and that too had subsided within a week. Drug did take care of my extremely swollen parotid gland and some incidental sore joints.
I 've been on Rexulti 1 mg for a year after being on Abilify for a year or longer taken off because it didn 't work and I gain a lot of weight. I feel more depressed (crying for no reason), no energy and I am having more anxiety attacks. I have also gained 20 more pounds. I want off. I am also on Fetzima and Klonapin.
I am taking darvocet for an ovarian cyst.  I have been on it before and has done nothing to relieve any pain I am having.
Diovan HCT worked well for me for almost three years, good blood pressure numbers, no side effects. However, I started getting fairly severe side effects (nervousness, anxiety, insomnia) that appeared over a period of about a month and disappeared the moment I stopped taking it. A Google search turned up several people had similar experiences.  Now on Bystolic, which is doing the trick, so far without any side effects.
I came down with an awful virus I soon could only sleep 5 hrs per night.Trazodone worked well the 1st two nights but  I needed a kick start (ativan or Benadryl) thereafter but it definitely kept me sleeping through the night.It 's difficult to tell which of my symptoms were the virus and which were Trazodone but the faint headaches and prominent dizzines have definitely been the Trazodone. I also noticed I was becoming more forgetful and loosing my ability to focus. Anxiety may or may not be attributed to this drug also.The final straw, I was watching a concert online but when I paused the video, I kept hearing the music. It was a pretty effective scare. I 'm done with this drug!
Remicade just isn 't working for me or not yet.  When I did my 1 and 2 infusions I could tell a difference.  I had my 3 on and  have to wait 8 weeks.  After 3 weeks I had a flare up and I am in week 6 and I still feel awful.  Maybe I need them more frequently or a higher dose.  I am feeling  so darn frustrated.  I was hoping for a miracle drug to make me feel better and so far it 's not.  I read how it helps everyone but I want that for me too!  Can 't wait to see my dr so we can get  ask up and the pain
Just finished 10 days of Pylera. This is my second treatment in the past few months for h-pylori after it coming back 2 weeks after finishing triple treatment. Well this has to be the worst medicine ive ever been prescribed in my life. I was bloated first few days and looked 6 months pregnant. It got worse.... the symptoms that followed were insomnia, itchiness everywhere especially my nose, anxiety, racing heart, weight gain, mood swings and just a general feeling of not feeling with it, im still bloated after 4 days after ive finished and dont feel great.
When I take amoxicillin I get a strange kind of a symptom. When I wake up in the morning I feel as if I am wearing socks, when I am not! On the second morning I feel I am wearing long socks upto my knees.!! No swelling but feels like water retention!! Or may be something else!!
I am above middle age and have pain due to diabetic neuropathy. Broke out with severe facial rash.
This drug worked at preventing pregnancy. So it does get some stars for that. It 's my 3rd month on it and every single month I had break through bleeding that begin about the second week. I thought it was spotting at first, but then it was heavier and lasted until my actual period started with the sugar pills. I would also get bloated and bad cramps beginning about the 2 week of the pill pack. No weight gain happened, and my sex drive stayed the same. But I was also very moody!!! Things that would normally make me just upset for a day would now bring me to tears and upset me for weeks. And my acne got worse, I would normally get pimples around the time of my period, but now I always have 3 or more pimples at a time that would scar.
Have sacroilliac joint pain is so unbearable at times have been taking for five days now and only in evening helpful to sleep for awhile but no pain relief
I 've been on this pill for over 5 months and it is a nightmare! The second month I had severe, severe nausea every day until I started taking my pill right before I went to bed. I have breakthrough bleeding every month and it 's now on a regular cycle. I get my period Wednesday of the second week and it stops around Monday of the FOURTH WEEK. Plus I also get it the last 3 or 4 days on the placebo pills. However, no weight gain.
I began breaking out like crazy within a week of starting this.
I had the Implanon put in 6 months after having my son in 09. It didn 't hurt when they put it in just a little sore. After that I let my body get adjusted to it but on down the line my periods were light and only last 3-7 days and I go a whole month without having a period. The only bad part about the birth control is that I have very bad mood swings, and my acne comes and goes and I have gained weight and I go to the gym every night but no changes// uggggh.
Was prescribed Nucynta for back pain after informing the doctor of my weird reactions to various medications.  The first 100mg dose I took threw me into a near panic attack and caused some crazy depersonalization and audible hallucinations. I ended up sleeping for nearly two days after that dose.
I found this drug increases appetite rapidly and is very sedating, I do not feel it has worked for depression or anxiety, I am on the maximum dose and take it alongside another anti depressant. I have taken for approx 12 months, I am now reducing with the aim of stopping due to the weight gain and lack of real benefit.
The side effects (well for me ) were unbearable. I had tingling in my feet and finger tips. Sharp pain from my finger tips to my wrist. I had sharp pain from my toes to my  heel. It caused Thrush in my mouth. Caused trouble swallowing and chewing.
I am a 28 years old and have acne. I went to a dermatologist and he prescribed this to me. I used it for about 4 months and it did nothing for me.  It is expensive even with insurance.
I had to go in another room and silently scream two nights in a row.  At least with child birth you get a break between contractions.  The next yeast infection I will be trying the pill or another brand.   I think it happened before but I attributed it to a bad YI, this one is in the beginning stages so I know its the product.   How can you sleep when you are burning?  Has anyone called Monistat?
I was having heavy stress associated with my job in healthcare billing. My anxiety would go through the roof and I would have horrible acid reflux when my heart started to race. My doctor pointed out that it was the stress that was causing these anxiety peaks and recommended I take Zoloft. I have been taking a 100mg dose in the mornings for the last 11 days. The first 2-3 days my stomach felt bad and I was very mellow, but soon after the symptoms started to go away . Now I only notice that I wake in the morning with my teeth clenched tightly for some reason. It doesn 't really bother me too much. It 's just a weird feeling that I have little control over.My stress has changed very little and I keep wondering if this medicine works.
I was placed under general anesthesia for surgery.  In recovery the tube placed in my throat for inhalation had not been removed before I woke up.   I was in a panic.  I was screaming in my head that I can suffocating and yet in reality no one could hear me.  I had been given dilaudid along with a few other medications.  Later in my hospital room I where I was again given dilaudid.  I was not able to get anyone 's attention, but felt that if I fell asleep I would never wake up.  Either the experience or the medication caused me to have to concentrate on just breathing.  For pain it was great, but for breathing it seems like a nightmare.
While the gel itself had marginal results with my acne, the fact that it is SO expensive AND has completely ruined all the towels that it came in contact with has caused me to stop using it.  If you use it, use towels that you don 't care about because it will discolor them.  I didn 't have issues with clothing or bed sheets, but I think that was by luck/chance.
Prescribed Advair Diskus (250/50) twice a day. My blood pressure was 130/80 when I started medicine, which is about the highest if has ever been. I was not suppose to go back to the doctor for 30 days. But luckily last night I had my blood pressure checked, it was 151/98-I was shocked! I have only been on the medicine 15 days. Advair probably helped me through my upper respiratory problems, but I think I should have been warned about this side effect.
My experience with the drug is somewhat unclear to me. I was diagnosed with ADHD when I was 23, I 'm 24 now. In that time I have trialled a series of drugs. Atomoxetine, Methylphenidate and now Vyvanse. Out of the lot, I would say this one has probably been the best. However, as time progressed I felt the effects of the medication deteriorate which is sad and frustrating. It almost feels like it only ups my mood (not tackle symptoms). However, the first time I took it was amazing. My ability to concentrate was unbelieveable! I felt a strong sense of motivation/confidence in what I had produced. Sadly this was limited and the positive effects began to deteriorate as time progressed. I will never forget the first period though, it was liberating
The worst colon prep I have used. It caused bloating, slight nausea, growling stomach, and stomach cramps. I lived in the bathroom.  Never ending. Taking one bottle and having to consume about 42 oz of water within one hour AND THEN having to repeat the process six hours later.
The XR seams better than the traditional form used in the 80s that resulted in sodium depletion.  This form causes twitching, sporadic and  rapidly occurring tremors that make sleeping difficult, increased urination frequency, some minor dizziness at first, and possibly elevated skin sensitivity to sunlight.
I started taking Ocella in March of 2016. It was the very first time I tried birth control and I am 26 years of age. I got on birth control because I am in a serious relationship but I am not ready for children and I wanted something to help me with my bad cramps and vomiting on the first days of my period. During the first week after my period I experienced breakthrough bleeding for about a month. Things were fine until I began having yeast infections. The first that I just thought ok it just a yeast infection. However I began to consistently experience them at least every month since then. I 'm thinking of switching the pill as soon as I can to see if that helps. Besides this unrelenting side effects my breasts have become larger.
I was prescribed 4mg of Toviaz after Detrol LA (didn 't work) and Vesicare (didn 't work-increased dosage made me extremely tired). It seemed to work great at first. I was able to get 4-5 hours of sleep in a row without waking. However, the effects diminished around the 7-8 week mark, especially at night. I even changed my diet and followed the &quot;Your Way&quot; plan. I 'm trying the 8mg dosage today. I do like how Pfizer gives you a discount card. I pay only $5 out-of-pocket a month.
I was recently switched over to tivacay and devoscy. I had been taking truvada, reyataz and norvir for over 10 years with no problems or resistance. It hasn 't even been a month and I have formed a large mass on the back of my neck. It is causing strain in my shoulders and is very uncomfortable when turning my head. I am young and I know this sounds petty but it is very unattractive. my doctor switched me with concerns of kidney problems from truvada. Well this new regimen can cause liver problems. I want to go back to my old medicine
Started of the 5mg Brintellix,  I usually have low blood pressure,   but noticed at first the headache and decided to monitor my blood pressure after taking the med.  Usually the headache started about 3 hours after taking it.   I took my blood pressure just to check and my BP was high  142/ 88.   My norm is 108/70, that is regularly.  I don 't think I am going to be able to tolerate the discomfort it gives me with the headache and high BP,  no nausea.   I like the fact the food cravings I got on other meds is not a factor with this.  I was on Lexapro low dose for about 7 years,  but it I started to have tremors when I discontinued no tremors,  but depression and SAD returned,  so we tried Brintellix,  may have to try something else.
I have firstly severe seasonal allergies, and I purchased Zyrtec in hopes that it would be superior to Allegra.  The allergy symptoms improved slightly, but the fatigue was terrible.  It was so bad that I thought I was coming down with the flu.  I slept for five hours straight in the middle of the day after my second dose.  This is not acceptable.
It is fourth blood pressure pill for me. It feels like it is only partly working. My blood pressure problems are usually happening after anxiety attacks of which doctors says I have but don 't know why.
Well, where to start. The only pro I would say that there is with this medicine is the fact I don 't get my period. I have been on this for 6 years now. Funny enough I have been SEVERELY AND CLINICALLY DEPRESSED for 6 years. I never feel happy. For whatever reason I never thought that my birth control could be causing it. I have struggled with my weight for 6 years, staying at a steady 145-150 being 4 '11. I also have severe back acne which I have had for the last 6 years. I never put the pieces together because I have been on it for so long. I just got diagnosed for extreme pathologic hypersomnia, and I have had the symptoms for exactly 6 years now, it has ruined my life, all I have wanted to do for the last 6 years is sleep. Do not recomm
headaches  metallic taste on occasiom low back pain insomnia and  very odd dreams
Had an allergic reation about three weeks into treatment.  Broke out in hives.  Was taking it for Systemic Lupus.
I was dealing with anxiety in college my junior year and so I decided to talk to my doctor about it and he prescribed Paxil. When I started taking it, my appetite increased, energy went down, my emotions were just monotonous like I couldn 't feel anything. I also gained 15 pounds in 4 months which is not normal for me, especially since I had been working out and hadn 't changed my eating habits at all. After being on this drug for 5 months, I am weaning myself off it and I am feeling a million times better. I would recommend a different drug if you are having problems with anxiety.
I had a bad experience with the insertion of Skyla. I went there by myself and almost passed out at my OBGYN once I was about to leave. I was in horrible (cramping) pain for about 3-4 hours after. There are a lot of people that don 't experience it that badly but this was just my personal expensive. I do love how I never have to remember to take a pill everyday. With going back to school and working full time it 's hard to remember anything. My periods are normally pretty light but seem to last longer now 5-6 days. Since the insertion I have experienced more headaches and sometimes feel light headed and dizzy. I have also had a significant weight gain 15 lbs since I got it. No diet change and I always feel bloated.
It did stop the uncontrollable panic from post traumatic stress disorder, but the side effects were unbearable for me. I had loss of appetite, uncontrollable weight loss, stomach pain, memory loss, headaches, dizziness, urinary pain, thinning hair, bad acne, depression, and constipation. It was so difficult to taper without severe withdrawals that I needed a 6 month tapering schedule. My dose was 1mg twice daily. I find that Valium or Xanax have less side effects.
I switched to Lutera from Tri-Sprintec on my doctors reccomendation. Everyone reacts differently to birth controls, and my body did not like Lutera. I 've gained about 15 lbs in 2 months of being on it, I 'm extremely moody and borderline depressed, always tired, feel spaced out a lot and I don 't have much of an appetite, ever. Which made it even more frustrating that I was gaining weight.. planning on switching back to Yaz, I 've never had side effects with that one, it was just more pricey.
First day I started these I had to take two. 20 mins later I was sick 5 times in a row! Took another one today and feel great it 's been 2 hours and no sickness yet :-)
I 've been on Loestrin 24 FE for a year and my new doctor emphatically took me off of it today.  Yes, the pill did it 's job (no baby - yay!), but I also experienced increasingly light/missed periods, frequent spotting in between, and most recently, recurring ovarian cysts which grow so large that they rupture and cause the most excruciating pain I 've ever felt.  I was afraid that I had a problem with my ovaries, but my doctor thinks I 'm fine and that the pill is to blame.  I 'm 27 years old and in the past I have taken three other brands of birth control pills (Yaz, Yasmin, and Aviane) and have never had a problem.
For those of you experiencing negative side effects...I was on NuvaRing for 4 years.  During that time I became depressed, and cramps and back pain were unbearable.  I have discontinued use of NR and feel better. All side effects are gone! When I discussed this with my Dr., she stated that some women naturally produce a normal level of hormones.  When these women are on birth control, it can cause all of these side effects due to having an elevated level of hormones.  The opposite effect happens to women that don 't naturally produce a normal level of hormones, leading them to actually feel better and not have all of these side effects. Which is why some women do well and feel great on birth control and others don 't.
I 'm a 56 yr old male and have been suffering from anxiety and panic attacks for the last 17 years. I was taking 1mg Xanax daily which worked beautifully. In Nov 2014, 2 yrs ago, I was told I could no longer be prescribed Xanax, not a good idea to take long term. So for the last two years I tapered off down to 0.5mg Xanax a week and used herbal remedy and alcohol. As my supply of Xanax was running down to only a couple of months supply it forced me to seek help and my doc prescribed Serta a sertaline drug.  Only started taking Sertaline 4 days ago and I m struggling with the increased daily anxiety I realise this is a long post so I 'll come to the point. When will I feel the results and do I have to keep using the dose? Thanks
I started taking this medicine several weeks ago with a combination of Celexa for my depression. The side effects are unwelcome and welcome all in the same time. I have memory loss and can 't find the the right words when I 'm speaking to people. I feel tired during the day, but at night I 'm wide awake. My nails have become thinner, so has my waist line. I 've struggled with my weight since I was young, [I 'm 17 and I started these pills at 260lbs. I 'm now at 231lbs]. These pills make me feel like food is the enemy. I 'm also having decreased sensitivity during sex.
I 've been on this pill for about three weeks. The first night I took it I felt horrible! But ever since then I 've been fine. I didn 't eat before or after taking it so that could have been the problem. I always feel like I 'm cramping. Not bad cramps but I just feel like something is going on. I also constantly have a headache but overall it 's working like it should!
I decided to try this birth control to regulate my menstrual. I 'm finishing up the first pack now and I will not continue. I knew it was these pills making me feel depressed. I noticed it when I was on my 2nd week of pills. I was crying and feeling down and everything for no real reason, &amp; over petty stuff. The first thing I thought of was the pills. So decided to research it and see that I 'm not the only one. I just got over depression and definitely don 't want to go back down that road. I 'll rather deal with my menstrual over this feeling.
I started using the NuvaRing right after my wedding about two months ago. I was looking for a better alternative than the pill. But since then, my moods have drastically changed. I feel like I 'm always angry and I can 't even stand my husband sometimes. My husband and friends tell me they 've notice a huge change in my mood. I have very little tolerance and will go 0 to 100 real quick!! I 'll cry over anything and I just can 't stand myself sometimes. I have not gained any weight and it has not affected intercourse but it may cost me my relationship. Definitely switching back to the pill. My friends are also on the Ring and have no complaints...so it may depend.
I have insomnia and fibromyalgia. The pain from the fibromyalgia is worsened when I can 't sleep well.  My doctor prescribed this medication to me mainly for better sleep. He said that this medication was one of the first non-stimulant medication for ADHD (which I 've been diagnosed with) and so it may help with my ADHD symptoms as well.  When I first started taking this I felt nauseated all the time, for about 2 1/2 weeks.  Once that passed I felt like I really was sleeping better.  About 2 months in I started having vivid hallucinations and 6 months I started having kidney pain and urinary tract problems.  I 'm now trying to ween myself off of it because sadly the side effects are outweighing the better sleep.
I have been taking these for about a year.  Seems like one month they work and the next they don 't.   Even though I am eating the same food and same amount of pills.  I seriously wonder if some months they are just sugar pills and not the real thing.  I seriously question the quality.
It is a bad as everyone said. Immediately after I put the application in, painful itchy burning in the vagina. For relief, I used a cold wet cloth dabbed in water and apple cider vinegar. Let it sit for 10 minutes. And all was well.
took  starter pack for 13 days  and felt like I was in a fog all the time- on the 10th day started to have dizziness- by the 13th day it was so bad  I stopped it. My doctor said to stop it for one week and then only take it once a day. Will see if that works or not . Both the company nor the doctor ever mention  these effects!
No seizures whilst on Tegretol. Extreme headaches first 4 weeks, extreme tiredness. 6 weeks after starting Tegretol hives started to appear and got worse. Blood tests showed liver enzymes were 3 times higher than usual and red blood cell counts slightly reduced. Thyroid gland swelled up also. All these were shown to be a severe allergic reaction to the drug. People should be aware of this as a possibility.
I have been on this birth control for 6 months now and highly considering going off of birth control completely. This pill makes me nauseous, my breasts are always tender and if I 'm not crying, I 'm in a screaming fit of rage (my poor husband). It does regulate your cycles. My period usually lasted 9 days and now it only lasts 3 or 4. But I 'd take 9 days periods over feeling like this any day.
This antibiotic worked wonders for my moderate acne very soon after starting it in November 2016 (in combination with a Tretinoin cream). It consistently prevented my cystic acne from emerging and reduced inflammation, I had virtually no breakouts on my entire face. However, it started to lose effectiveness in July 2017 and by August I was seeing discoloration in my thighs. It was like large bruising that wouldn 't heal and it was massively noticeable. I saw that this was a common side effect after buildup of the medication in the system, so I stopped taking it. They 've since fully healed. I 'm continuing to use a topical cream (now Differin) but it 's having virtually no effect on my acne, which is now as bad as before. Back to square one.
I 'll give it credit that it did make me feel better - but the cost was a very upset stomach. I 've never had issues with antibiotics upsetting my stomach before, but this medicine gave me really bad diarrhea one day after starting it. Still not over the diarrhea after almost a week off the medicine. Obviously everyone reacts different, but I won 't be using this medicine again.
Well, let me say that I read through everyone 's posts prior to posting. I used ALLI and found it to be exactly as stated. I no longer use this product. Losing weight is about getting off your big butt and making the appropriate choices! MOVE and EAT HEALTHY! I run daily and I make wise food choices for the most part, and when I don 't I KNOW that I WILL BE THE ONE to SUFFER! I am the one who pays the price for the choices that I make! Time for people to start taking responsibility for themselves and stop trying to make someone else the scapegoat.  If you want to lose the weight, cut back on calories and move your body - that is the key!!!!  Come on people, it isn 't rocket science! I did it and lost 112 pounds. Not easy but you can do it!
Was prescribed this almost 2 years ago for a skin infection but quit taking it after 3 days because of severe anxiety, indigestion, nausea, fatigue, dizzyness and who know what else. At the time I was dealing with panic attacks so when my current doctor prescribed it last week I decided, since I was feeling better, to give I one last effort. Days 1-2 were good. Skin was clearing and other than being tired I had no side effects. By day 3 I got a headache that was relentless, I was shakey, couldn 't sleep at night but couldn 't stay awake during the day, diarrhea started and I quit the medicine at my doctors advice. It 's been over 48 hours since my last dose and i still feel like crap. My neck hurts, and I 'm still feeling incredibly anxious.
Helped but only for about an hour or so, symptoms soon returned. I was on maximum dose, with some relief, but switched to something better
So I have anxiety all of the time. But it 's not the textbook rocking and shaking anxiety...it 's the negative and obsessive thoughts-that something horrible will come if every situation.  I have an as needed Rx for lorazepam and honestly I don 't know if I like it. I feel like it makes me groggy enough but never takes the anxiety away. It almost feels like I hover over it but it 's still underlying.
Having an issue with frequent Relapses every few years and the Grey Matter/Atrophy of my Brain being the Main Topic Aubagio was recommended by my MS Neuro ..I prepared for the Minor Issues however had developed Bladder Issues and was getting horrible Headaches halfway through my 3rd month .. Had to stop use and see my Neuro ..Will find out results soon but will suggest that going into this one must have an Open Mind and be very aware of their MS .. Know mine was helpful in my determining I was having a &quot;Flare&quot; .. Along with the additional Issues ..The Nurse Program that is there to &quot;Support&quot; us is NOT HELPFUL at all .. They cannot answer any questions .. They however REFER you to the &quot;Clinicians&quot; who again do not Answer questions ...
Started Lexapro 2 days ago. Haven 't taken 3rd dose yet.  Been on buspirone (BUSPAR) which has helped.  Lately needed something more due to some travel.  Have severe headache.  Couldn 't sleep last night. Very very dizzy.  Waiting to hear from the doctor. Tried Cymbalta with a very similar reaction.  Doesn 't look like I 'm going to be able to tolerate it.  
I used Latuda for bipolar 2 depression for over a week.  It was very expensive!  I could feel a slight difference, more positive mood after a week, but nausea even after taking pill after a full large meal.  The reason I stopped taking it was because two hours after taking the pill, I would fall asleep.  Not just be tired but actually fall asleep at work.  The naps I would take after taking the pill when at home were not fully rested, I would get chills, had to have layers of blankets for 3-4 hours.  Then once I woke up I would feel fine but it would have ruined my sleep pattern for the night ahead.  I think it will work well for someone who does wont experience those side effects.  I would give it a try.  Stay positive!
I have Asthma so maybe it makes it worse . But it came on suddenly with no fever. No change in pulse . Just a cough that hurt the back of my head so bad that it rattled my brain and made me see fireworks in my head .  I don 't think this z pac worked for me because after laying in bed no energy for 1 week I went to the doc again . This time he prescribed Bactrim and it seems to be working - I 'm feeling better.  The doc asked if I had a loose stool , no I didn 't but my BF has the same symptons and a very loose stool . I just wish he would go to the Doc so we don 't pass this back and forth ..Arithamyicin has worked for me in the past but not with whatever this supercough is.  Its feeling like nothing ever before  is ... I just wonder how contagious it is
I starting taking Monodox to help with a acne breakout. It worked within 3 days and started drying out my acne, but after 2 weeks I stopped because it was irritating my stomach to much. My face was pretty cleared up but not perfect. I was supposed to be on it for a month. The weirdest thing was the day after I stopped the drug I began have extreme static electricity in my hair. I still have it and it has been 4 days. I Googled to see what it could be and found that people who are on Accutane have experienced the same. I hope it goes away, it is very irritating.
I got Nexplanon in June 2014, at first I had my period for a little over a month. But short after I started to get headaches everyday and bad ringing in my ears. After a few months my ears started to pop everytime I would swallow and still does til this day. It 's not an ear infection, I 've been to the docter. I constantly feel bloated and sharp cramp even when I 'm not on my period. I get irritated very quickly and feel on edge most of the time. But so far very effective of preventing pregnancy  but over all experience not very good hope to get it taken out SOON! I wouldn 't  recommend it - but everyone 's different.
My first dose but I do not see any improvement
I took topiramate for approx 3 months before I refused to continue with the therapy. The side effects (peripheral neuropathy, inability to remember anything, altered taste of just about everything, insomnia were not worth suffering through. So I 'm still going through an adjustment. As of right now, I have been taking propranolol for a month and have not had a migraine (was getting 1-2 a week previously).
Absolutely hate the packaging. Vagifem 's was so much better. I need scissors to cut the applicators apart, versus just tearing with Vagifem. Two times in 2 weeks the tablets were found stuck to my slippers or pj bottoms because they fell out. What a crappy packaging method and applicator issue that would be so easy for them to correct! As far as effectiveness goes, I see no difference between this drug and Vagifem, but I still wish I could use Vagifem - too expensive though.
Although Synthroid keeps my test results &quot;normal&quot; I still have all of the hypothyroid symptoms. Severe exhaustion, sensitivity to cold, trouble concentrating, etc...like I haven 't experienced since before I found out I had hypothyroidism. I was only put on Synthroid since the medication I am normally prescribed is no longer available.
The patch started off a great alternative to the other options, but I quickly had too many issues with it to continue using it. It constantly peels off, it leaves big red itchy bumps, it loses its effectiveness after about 4 days, it makes me dizzy, nauseous, light-headed, it makes my heart race, and it gives me headaches. Too bad because it really killed the pain. Never mind the cost.
For the past five years I have been battling depression. I feel extremely fatigued and unmotivated with thoughts of wanting to be dead. Life is totally miserable most times. I went from Cymbalta to Wellbutrin and after a few weeks I started to feel alive again. After about a year on it now I am back to my old depressive ways and my doctor is reluctant to start me on something new. So right now I am miserable again and waiting for my doctor to try something different. I wish all the best to everyone out there fighting this terrible disease!
I have been on birth control for about 15 years (I dont want kids and can 't get permanent birth control because I have never had kids). Anyways...My pills I been taking for years got switched to tri-previfem two months ago and I was told by the pharmacist it was exactly the same as my old pills. The first month my breast swelled so much and hurt so bad...that lasted a few days. I also got really bad cramps..like nothing I have felt before (remind you, I have been on birth control for about 15 years). This month I noticed acne on my chin and cheek...I am 34 years old and never had more than one occasional pimple at a time on my face in my life. I will not be taking this pill any longer...hope this helps anyone looking to try it.
I started taking Xolair, and while it eliminated my hives (yay!) I experienced terrible stomach problems (constant gas and bloating) and weight gain of about 10 lbs that I cannot seem to lose. (I 'm small so 10 lb is a lot) It 's is hugely annoying- I feel pregnant, and I am very active and fit and have always been able to maintain my weight, and now I can eat almost nothing and work out and it 's still there. Going off of Xolair, hope this problem resolves itself. Annoying!
I have had implanon/nexplanon for almost 2 months and will have it removed tomorrow.I do not recommend this birth control to anyone. Weight gain 6,3 kg, that is bizarre. mood swings (sad/crying/angry) every day for no reason while I 'm a very stable person normally. I don 't recognize myself and my partner has had a tough time. Alltogether my libido also dropped. The hormone in implanon is the hormone released after ovulation.I was scared for the incision and scar to take it out,  but this is no life, it gets worse every day. Please think twice before you take this birth control. It sounds great, but the effects on, what i 've now read, many women are too negative. Only few women don 't have them.
I was switched from Levora to this. I never had issues with Levora but I hate Portia. I get cramps and pain randomly throughout the whole month. My right breast has gotten nearly a half cup bigger, despite my weight being stable. I feel bloated a lot and have cut carbs to try to fix it. This is my third pack so I was hoping the side effects would have subsided by now but they haven 't. I am not impressed and hope Levora comes back on the market or whatever is going on with it because Portia sucks. Also, they have red dye in them, something I try to avoid. I waited to review until I had been on it a while to see if I was biased because of the dye but there 's definitely an unwelcome change going on in my body that is really frustrating.
I 've been on Rexulti 1 mg for a year after being on Abilify for a year or longer taken off because it didn 't work and I gain a lot of weight. I feel more depressed (crying for no reason), no energy and I am having more anxiety attacks. I have also gained 20 more pounds. I want off. I am also on Fetzima and Klonapin.
Was only on 2mg of Risperdal for two months. While it did handle my moods and anger outbursts almost completely, it did nothing to help with insomnia, which should have been my clue that it was too activating for me. A month after starting this med I started having heart palpitations (I 've never had a heart problem) that continued to get worse until I had been to the ER twice, family Dr once, with an appt scheduled with a cardiologist, legitimately thinking something major was wrong. Two dr 's suggested that Risperdal could be causing it, so I began tapering. Two weeks later I am completely off the Risperdal, back on Zyprexa and my heart is fine now. Very scary for me.
I would recommend this medication ONLY if you are 100% positive you need medication, by that I mean teachers and family recognizing the issue. My mom finally decided to give me concerta during early middle school after my teachers advised it for a few years. I recommend beginning with 9 mg and slowly going up if needed. This medication is horrible in my life in the sense that I feel like I need it to do good in school, especially now I 'm in college. But it causes me to be incredibly depressed. I continue to take it because grades are first, but for kids I recommend keeping a very close eye on them and follow up on depression issues because as a kid in middle school, it was horrible.
I was diagnosed with pseudo tumor cerebri almost two years ago now and I 've had a spinal tap done after a year of crippling painful headaches, blurred vision, bright red inflamed eyes, dizziness, the spinal tap unfortunetly went wrong and I had a spinal leakage from the high inter cranial pressure with an absolute horrible spinal headache so I had to have a blood patch then put on acetazolimide with the painful tingling sensations on my face arms and feet I couldn 't sleep and I pee all night. I take 1500mg of it 3 pills a day and although it 's helped clear my eyes my headaches, the wind tunnel noise in my ears of the fluid is still very loud I 'm totally off balance and I have forgetfulness all the time not to mention I 'm always tired.
I was reading some of these comments and thought to myself, why would these women take plan B if he didn 't cum inside then say &quot;oh it worked&quot;. Makes me laugh. If you are going to write a review about this, I don 't want to hear about how it worked even though he technically didn 't ejaculate inside.  ALSO it would help a lot of women if you stated when you where ovulating or where you are at on your cycle. THANK YOU. I took this pill 2 hours after my bf finished INSIDE ME, not pre jizz, not thought he did, he did! anyways, we did it on May 9th, expected to start my period May 16th (one week later). So I took this pill a week after I ovulated. SIDE EFFECTS: hot flashes, short cramps for like 2 seconds, and acne, also moody.
I am 25 years old and I have suffered from social anxiety for my whole life. To cope with anxiety I became addicted to opiates. I am now in rehab and my doctor has changed my meds many times. I have been on gabapentin for almost a month I don 't feel any changes yet. She says it may take up to a month for this medicine to start working. I am on 300 mg three times a day A long with other antidepressants and Suboxone to treat my opiate addiction. I wish I could get on Xanax because it is the only thing that helps with my anxiety, but because I am an addict my doctor will not prescribe me any medications that I may become addicted to or I should say that give me a high sort of feeling. The only difference is I feel like a zombie.
Was originally on Gildess when it was switched to Blisovi. Had no complaints from that switch. Was actually able to lose some weight. Then switched from Blisovi to Lo Loestrin I believe because my doctor thought it might help my periods be more regular and predictable because I go for months without a period. Was on it for a couple weeks and was so tired I could hardly function and was also bloated. For someone with a sleeping disorder this is bad. The pill is the only thing that changed and that I could think was causing the extreme fatigue. And Lo Loestrin costed me $128 for three months which is outrageous to me. Will be going back to Blisovi
I feel very conflicted about this medication. For about 80% of the day it helps me to be more stable and less reactionary. But then every day or every other day I have a breakdown and start sobbing, get very moody and paranoid, accuse my partner of not loving/caring about me, want to self harm and die. It has helped my chronic pain and doesn 't cause me to dissociate constantly like many antidepressants do. However, I 'm not sure it 's worth it because of the breakdowns, but I 'm scared to go off of it because I heard withdrawal is awful. I am just about ready to give up on medication altogether at this point.
14 days on 20mg. I am edgy and wobbly, no appetite, forced myself to eat, so I am eating less.  Taking advantage of that because I am also a diabetic and hard to go to sleep. I am sticking with the medicine.  Have some relief of  bad thoughts.  Hope it gets better.
I was on this for 3 days.   I annoy sure if it helped the stone or not, but I felt completely out of it.   I drove the first day to an appointment and was terrified, felt worse than drinking a ton of alcohol.   Luckily made it, but then caught myself staggering around and not being able to focus or even form complete sentences at times.   After two days I stopped taking it....I have never felt this out of it on anything else.    Am curious to know what actually occurred in my body to create all those side effects.   I have a little pain from my kidney stone, but  have a clear head again.   Had to skip work 2 days it was bad, driving and decision making was chaotic!
I had nexplanon put in June 2015. I love how effective it is as a birth control but I can 't stand the side effects. I 'm so emotional, wanting to cry over such small things. I have only had small spotting which is nice but my anxiety levels are up and I do not sleep well. My acne is so bad! Not so much my face but my arms and back! I keep very well hydrated and I exercise regularly, I 'm very healthy all around so I know it has to do with the implant. I am experiencing dizziness more lately and I 'm sad quite a bit. I will be looking for another form of birth control.
I went on Yaz for about three years and I found that my mood drastically changed for the worse as time went on. I had horrible mood swings and cried about everything. 
I have cramps now and get daily headaches.. I truly believe it 's from this patch. I will finish this month then maybe go to minastrin which is less estrogen.. I haven 't decided yet. I would love to just do natural family planning, side effects aren 't worth it.
Put on 30 days Cipro 1000mg/day for suspected prostatitis based on pain during rectal exam, all other symptoms had gone away by the time I saw urologist. Day5 I took the pill my feet and ankles swelled up and it was very difficult to drive my car or climb stairs. A few days later, one of my ankles is still tight and the foot on that side tingles when walking around. Hopefully these side effects will go away. Prior to starting I did have pain in my left abdomen and a heavy feeling in my left testicle, and these seemed to go away 3 or 4 days into the treatment, so I cant say the medicine didn 't work at all. I am left hoping this tendon pain in my feet will subside and I can return to usual activity. Was told to never take Cipro again.
I have Narcolepsy and I am currently taking 200mg twice daily and it barely works. My doctor added Ritalin 20mg twice daily and I have been on Ritalin for previous years until I moved to TX. In 2013, I was prescribed Vyvanse 70mg I believe. It didn 't work better than the Ritalin or Adderall I tried while in TX. My doctor then prescribed Xyrem. Needless to say none of these drugs have provided adequate relief from daytime sleepiness. I started provigil in January 2016 and there 's no change. I took provigil about 10 years ago and the same results. I need serious help because I barely function.
Breakthrough bleeding, two periods in one month, weight gain, horrible lower back pain and cramping and terrible acne! Not moody at all but all the above a good reason to find something else
I had severe depression when we moved from a house I loved in the country to a smaller house I hated by the river in a little suburb that I 'd always detested.  Celexa works.  Most definitely but it works too well.  After being on it for 11 years, I became emotionless.  I had no feelings either way.  It also helped me to put on 50  pounds.  At 61, I decided to stop it.  I weaned my self off by cutting the pills in half, then in quarters, then none.  The side effects are the worst of any medication I 've ever experienced....dizziness, SEVERE depression, SEVERE happiness, experiences in my head that I can only describe as &quot;zits&quot; that were instantaneous moments of dizziness or a feeling of a bug &quot;zipping&quot; by your head, fatigue, jitters.
Used Gabapentin 300mg 2X/ day(7am and 2pm) and 600mg at bedtime. Helped relieve some pain from herniated discs. 600mg at night occasionally would make me feel &quot;drunk&quot;.  After using it for a few months and having constant migraine, I stopped use. No more headaches since I stopped using it.
Lots of bloating- gas and very bad stomach distention. I just stopped and I am starting to feel better.
This cream worked really good and started clearing my face in a week or two. But now, anytime I go outside and have ANY sun contact, my face burns, gets blotchy and looks swollen. I hate it, I have to stay inside all day if I apply it.
I have been using Seasonique for a little over a year now. The first month and a half on Seasonique is great but then the spotting starts. For the past 2 1/2 weeks on the last pack I have been bleeding. It has given me acne and very painful cramps. I am switching to another birth control.
I have had the mirena for about 1 and 1/2 years now. I bleed more days than not. I have weird pains I have never had until this was inserted. My hip hurts during ovulation and during my cycle. My bleeding is down to a light tampon amount which is a big change. I could go thru a super plus sometimes in 20 minutes. Overall it has helped make it lighter but it lasts a lot longer. Not sure if it is worth it or just find out the reason your periods are so out of control.
After a few days on Nuvigil (after experiencing Provigil) I found it to be excellent for my ADHD.  Provigil made me feel anxious all day to the point I could not run or workout in comfort.  The first day on Nuvigil was the only day I had this feeling.  The side effects for me are dry mouth and suppressed appetite.  It is so nice to be focused.  The worst effect was muscle weakness! I went from running 7 miles to not being about to run more then 7 minutes. 
I just got this placed on Oct 1, 2015 and I haven 't bled until today, we 'll see how long it lasts. I have had numbing migraines every day since implantation though and my postpartum depression meds are failing and I have no emotion most days and feel better just sleeping all day and add no sex drive either.  It sucks, I want it out, but I don 't wanna take a pill...
I do love the fact that I do not have to take a pill everyday with Nuvaring but my side effects are horrible. Major rash started on my face about a month ago and now its all over my body. I only linked it to Nuvaring now. Plus I have nausea and painful cramps. 
I finally got Nexplanon removed yesterday and was so happy. I thought this was going to regulate my periods but I only had 1 out of the 6 months. I had discomfort in the arm that it was in whenever I lifted something heavy and when I checked my blood pressure. I found out from my primary Dr that I was 20% more likely to not have a period, have higher cholesterol and gain weight while on Nexplanon. My blood pressure is higher now and now I 'm going to start on the pill again. I 'm just so happy it 's out!
Honestly, this was the worst birth control I have ever taken or even heard about. I had it in for 10 months and of those 10 I bled for 8 months. 7 months of those 8 were straight bleeding. I would spot for a day a month and then after that it would go right back into a full period. I also experienced fatigue, low sex drive, and depression. Make sure you consider the side effects!!!
I 've been on this for about 3 months. I 've suffered from depression and anxiety since high school but some days it seemed unbearable to the point I 've gotten nauseous and it was never that bad. Period lasts about 4 days 2 of this days seemed heavy. Even after my period I experienced cramping still more on one side then the other. I 'm debating whether or not to just stop taking it all together. I don 't feel like myself and I feel short tempered a lot of days and I hate that feeling. I rather be on nothing at all and just be happier. Skin is not 100% clear but off birth control it does seem to be worse.
i have been taking the medication for over a year and overtime the side effects have got worse and unbearable, the feeling of extreme tiredness and weakness, started having rapid heart beat, swelling in eyes and hands, its become too much my last few visit my bp has been normal so they are going to take me off and see how i do without it, which im glad cause i couldnt keep taking it with those side effects, hoping i will not need the medication but if i have to go back on im going to ask to be switched to something else
I got Mirena over a year ago, and for the first year it was great, but then I started to lose my sex drive. I didn 't even suspect the Mirena, then a few months ago I started having my period every other week, constant heartburn and nausea every morning, my breast became sore. I honestly thought I was pregnant but 5 tests said otherwise. I 'm going to my ob/gyn Friday to get it removed and hopefully everything will improve.
Got Skyla about a year and a half ago. Insertion was probably the worst pain in my life. I have no kids so they had me take pills to dialate my cervix. After insertion I cried hysterically for 15 minutes and threw up once. I then had a period for about 6 weeks. Then my gyno said they put it in there crooked and they couldn 't feel the strings. I get spotting once a month. My cramps are insane to the point that I 've schduled to get Skyla removed. Litterally get them randomly all the time and it 's unbearable. I have also gotten a cervix infection and a cyst on my left ovarie. Before I had no history of cystS or health problems related to my downstairs before.I 'm getting mine removed, not everyone reacts the same though.
I have been taking Lo Loestrin Fe for 3 months now. I started this pill after having the Mirena for 5 years and having little to no period a month. For the first month on this pill I had a normal period but the 2nd and 3rd month I have been having extremely heavy bleeding and blot clots. So far my periods are coming about every 5 days. On For 7 days, Off for 5 days. I feel terrible. I feel tired, having diarrhea, and headaches. My cramps are in my back and constant. And I am not sure if the pill is to blame but I have been getting anxious &amp; nervous a lot for no reason lately. I made up my mind to stop taking the pill and make a doc appointment. Hope this helps others.
I had this tablet prescribed to me to take for three days, twice a day to prevent bladder infection. The tablet made me go yellow,vomit, lose my appetite and generally made me feel really bad. I still have a bladder infection so I wouldn 't recommend it
M367 do NOT work as well as other generic brands of this drug. I have used many other generic brand of Norco and I am getting very little pain relief. Just picked these up today from my pharmacy. I was surprised when they were not the yellow ones. 10/325 hydrocodone apap. Stuck with them for a month now as another narcotic will not be prescribed due to new laws. I have, degenetative osteoarthritis of the spine with end stage cervical and lumbar stenosis/ spondylosis and more. Over the top chronic pain.
I was put on this birth control when I was 15 I was 150lbs I gained 50lbs then I replaced it and got a new one and I 'm gaining even more weight it barely helps with periods anymore my periods last for 5 weeks at a time now and barely anytime in between to have a break
Worked great for my back pain but had a whole slew of bad side effects including Anxiety, panic attacks, mental/mood changes, suicidal thoughts.  Never have been subject to depression or suicidal thoughts before.  Had to be taken off the med immediately when we realized that it was what was causing me to have all these problems.
I was put on micronor 4 months ago because I had headache with previous pills. I am about ready to stop this also last month I had break through spotting for 2 1/2 weeks. This month 4 days prior to the end of the pack I developed abdominal cramps I mean really bad and a lot of breast tenderness now I 've been bleeding very heavy with terrible cramps for 3 days . This is the worst!!! Confused
I started taking this medication about 2 and a half years ago, and I am now having to be taken off it, just for the fact of it 's not helping me anymore. When I first started taking this medicine it helped me out a lot. I just went through a two and half year break up and fell as it 's just not strong enough. I 'm taking 80mg a night, and its just not helping. So I got prescribed Pristiq today and now going to see how it works. Hopefully it does.
I have been using Xulane for around 10 months. For the first seven months the birth control worked great! I noticed that I was much easier to get along with, periods were on a schedule, and my breasts appeared bigger! I didn 't experience the weight gain or hardly any negative side effects. The most annoying thing was that the patch would sometimes fall off.Fast forward to three months, I am bloated all the time and experienced a weight gain of about 15 pounds. I literally cannot stop crying and tend to bust out in tears at even a sad thought. The worst part is the mood swings. I finally decided enough was enough and threw them away. I will be requesting the birth control pill next time I am at the doctor.
I had the Mirena placed in Tuesday. Since I 've had it in I have had almost unbearable cramps, headache, and became very dizzy. I 'm getting it removed Monday. I 'd rather just take the pill. I have been bleeding ever since they inserted it and the cramps and stomach pains hurts way to bad. Hope this helps, I wouldn 't get it if I was you.
I got this in October 2014 after having a child in July. I was 135 lbs having dropped most of my baby weight ( my regular weight is about 125, I was 155 the day I delivered). Insertion wasn 't too bad, it was quick, the recovery wasn 't too bad either my arm just felt really sore. I spotted on and off for about a month. Then my period stopped completely which was great! Bad part about it was I was starting to break out, constantly... Like never before. My period came back in April 2015 and I 've pretty much been on it since. I am on it about 80% of the month. Sometimes it 's a full heavy period sometimes its spotting but it 's always painful and heavy cramping. I weigh 153!! No baby yet but I feel pregnant everyday. Morning sickness, irritable.
Having a horrible experience on Bactrim. This antibiotic should come with a warning label. Urinary symptoms have not been relieved yet (going on 3rd day). Experiencing severe nausea and diarrhea. Zofran helps somewhat. I don 't know that I can continue this medication for 3 more days.
M doctor prescribed me Alesse and gave me a 3 month sample to try it out and I was happy with it, so I went &amp; picked up the presription but the pharmacy gave me aviane because it was covered by my health insurance. I didn 't think twice about it. After a month or 2, during my 2nd week of pills, I started getting really bad cramping &amp; back aches, &amp; had to have frequent bowel movements(mostly in the middle of the night &amp; the morning &amp; took forever).I thought that because I had Ovarian Cysts before &amp; this felt like them, it could be them again. I went to the doctor a couple weeks ago &amp; he said that there were no cysts and that it is probable that the Aviane is messing up my bowels. he wrote he a new script requesting not to give me aviane.
I was only on this medicine for a week and had a horrible experience. I switched from amitriptyline to topamax for my migraines due to the previous medicine not doing it 's job as well. Within the week of taking the new medicine I became completely unable to sleep at night, upset stomach 24/7 and an a horrible level of unquenchable thirst. The no sleep was the worst part; I 'm usually a pretty great sleeper, so going from 7-8 hours of sleep a night to maybe 3-4 hours a night was rough on my physical and emotional self. I was advised to stop the medicine tonight by my doctor and cannot wait to return to myself. I even still had migraines while on this medicine. Would not recommend.
I have been taking this birth control for four months now. The first was the worst, I was irritable, frequently sad, lethargic and just overall moody. It cleared up my face and didn 't change much in the way of flow on my period but, did make them shorter. My sex drive has also decreased as well as my eating habits. I find myself less hungry but, my breasts have grown in size. Now four months later I 've been spotting non-stop for the past two weeks and my face is breaking out in acne that rests under the skin. Going to change my prescription soon but, for awhile it was definitely tolerable.
Had this inserted after my son was born. Chose it because there were no hormones involved. The procedure itself was very simple. It didnt hurt. Felt like a pinch and thats it. I wore it for a year, didn 't get pregnant. So I guess it did what it was supposed to do. But my periods were horrible. I used to have the easiest periods. After putting paraguard, periods went on for upto 10 days. Pads would be super soaked and I was afraid to put on tampons.  After a year, the thread came off. Thats when I decided to get rid of it.  I won 't wear it again, or recommend it. But then again, if you dont like it, you can always take it out (setting aside all the severe complications)
I have recently gotten of the shot, but I was on it for about a year and a half. I got on it when I was 17, for my periods, and it does indeed live up to its name for stopping periods. However, I gained about thirty five pounds on the shot. I 'm very active, and have a proper diet for a girl my age, so it 's likely the hormones. But that 's not the reason I got off it, I started lactating out of my breasts about a month ago. Yes, I told my doctor and we took 2 pregnancy tests, and I am not pregnant. So, in short, I 'll give you a quick pros and cons listPros: Prevents pregnancy (I do not use condoms with my partner), stops periods Cons: weird side effects, mood swings, nausea, constipation, weight gain, breast growth, hair loss, fatigue.
The first three months went alright- I was quite moody and emotional, but nothing more than how I am when I get PMS. It was bearable and didn 't last too long. I had one period for two weeks. After taking the second shot, I have had a period for over a month and a half now (an actual heavy period, not spotting). My acne has gotten worse. I 'm definitely switching to the pill when I am ready to get my next shot. 
I had the IUD in place for 5 1/2 years and loved it. Then I fell pregnant and everything went down hill. I bled lightly for a week after removal. Then I ended up in the er, diagnosed with an ectopic pregnancy. They say it was ectopic because I had the IUD in when I got pregnant. I will never trust an IUD again.
I 'm usually skeptical about these posts and the crazy side effects, so I didn 't take them seriously when I was prescribed this medication. I only took 3 doses, and although my symptoms are gone, I had the worst splitting headache I 've ever had, intense nausea and foggy brain/not feeling myself. I skipped my 4th dose and felt completely better within a few hours. I felt worse on this medication than I ever did with a UTI.
Coming on to the third month of wearing the patch and I loved it but now I am so depressed- I have never had depression before.. But I can 't stop crying, like four times a day and I am experiencing such bad mood swings.. Really not great
This didn 't do much of anything for my anxiety. It took away some of the physical symptoms, but I was still anxious and I still had panic attacks. It also made my blood pressure lower than it already was, so I was pretty sluggish. I can see how it would work well for someone who only has performance anxiety, but I don 't recommend it for people like me.
I have been on this pill for 3 weeks now and I have felt nauseous every day. I take the pill at 10 pm every night and it seems like the nausea gets worse right before I take it. My acne has been getting better though which is a plus for me since I have PCOS and get cystic acne often. The nausea was so bad today that I thought it had to be morning sickness. I will be switching birth control ASAP. The side effects are not worth not being pregnant for me.
I began taking this form of birth control due to continuous high blood pressure.  I took it for roughly 3-4 years I 'd say and did not realize how bad it made me feel until I stopped taking it!  My blood pressure has been regular the last 1 1/2-2 years, so my doctor decided to switch me to Ortho Tri-Cyc Lo Dose.  I 've been off Camila for about a month now.  I noticed that within weeks of ceasing to use it, I had more energy, felt less bloated/lost a few pounds, and my moods have improved.  I also feel as if a weight has been lifted off of my body.  I was always so tired, I never wanted to go anywhere or do anything.  My energy level has improved so much over these last few weeks!  I am so glad I stopped taking this!  never again!!
My cardiologist put me on ExForge 10/320 about 6 mos ago.  I began to develop a severe cough that became chronic with phlegm.  I coughed day and night, I was just miserable.  I told my family physician and he suggested it was the ExForge.  I stopped taking it and in one and a half days, my cough has almost stopped completely.
Takes pain away sometimes but I got to take more dosage
I had the Nexplanon in for about 8 months and I wish I had never gotten it. I did avoid pregnancy, but the negative side affect of hair loss was too much. It never fell out in clumps, just excessive shedding. At first I didn 't put the pieces together, but now, 7 months later, I wish I had taken action sooner. I have lost about half of my hair (that hurts to even type) but its true. www.bedsider.com even lists hair loss as one of the side effects, but I didn 't know that until today, the day I got it removed. This product might not effect every one in the same way, but I am so, so upset with Nexplanon and myself for not being more proactive. Do tons of research before getting this implant. You will thank yourself.
I gave the rating some points because it does control birth and I was given the pill to stop my irregular heavy bleeding because I am severely anemic and needing blood transfusions and it did stop the bleeding. However, the side affects are horrible. I 'm always nauseated especially when I first take it, I feel sick like I 'm coming down with the flu all day, I get bad headaches every night after taking them, and I 'm extremely depressed and Moody. Ready to snap about every little thing. I 've only been on it a little over two weeks but I am making a appointment with my Dr to change this pill or have surgery for my fibroids instead. I can 't deal with this pill.
I started taking Glipizide ER initially with instructions to take it only if my blood glucose level was 180 or higher.  I did not have to take it every day, but took it several times a week. Then I was started having a hard time controlling my daily glucose levels. My Hg A1c was higher, so the instructions were changed to 2 in the a.m. and 1 at night.  I purchased the medication from a different source and it was a larger pill with now Glipazide XL instead of ER.  I have experienced a number of side effects and feel worse with it than before I started taking it.  The longer I have taken it the worse I feel.  I feel drugged, want to sleep all the time, have a slight headache, more thirsty, constipation on occasion, dry eyes, and more.  Yuck!
Giving this medicine to my 1 yr old and has had nothing but diarrhea and a tore up bottom.  
I took an allergy shot almost a month ago. The doctor also gave me Hydroxyzine to complete the treatment. My allergy finished, however my depression got worse and it makes me sleep the whole day. I can 't function! I don 't feellike doing anything. After I take my daughter to school I go back to sleep for 2 to 4 hrs, and in the afternoon I take another 3 to 4 hr. nap. It 's hard.
I was on a robust regimen (for 8 years) that was working great, but seemed like a heavy load (2 x per day, multiple pills...) and what attracted me was the once per day option and &quot;easier&quot; effects on my biology. I began taking Genvoya and, unfortunately, lasted only 2 weeks. My fingers were tingly &amp; going numb, my heart rate was stressed, intense fatigue began to be a problem, muscle aches and then my sternum started to hurt . My doc let me know if Genvoya proved not to work for me that I could easily go back to my previous med combo. I chose to do go back and VOILA!, I feel 100% better and all side affects are subsiding or are gone after only 2 days. For me, I felt like I was taking poison - was this really researched?
Switched from Risperdal to treat anxiety and irritability related to depression.  Once I worked up to 10mg dose, I developed a sort of stutter, caused by an inability to move my tongue correctly.  Dropping back down to 5mg made that problem disappear quickly.  Discontinued taking drug due to weight gain (10-15 lbs.).
I have been taking this medicine since before Christmas and the side effects are awful from feeling sick, really eggy belching and really bad wind that keeps me awake as anyone else experienced this and how long did it last ???
I have taken off/on for several years, no problem, but recently I took because I had Crab meat and than few days later a hamburger; I don 't these very often because of gout.  I took the medicine for the crab meat and awoke with severe itching in my hands and some swelling.  When I had the hamburger I again took the medicine, this time not only did my hands itch and swell; my entire body did, including my tongue.  Apparently I can never take this medicine again, just have to stay away from any of the foods on the no-no list.
40mg for Schizoaffective Disorder: Somewhat improved my paranoia, insomnia and intrusive thoughts. However it made my body feel extremely tense and agitated. I can hardly describe how horrendous this feeling was, like every cell in my body was screaming, like I needed to physically explode. I would try to pace around to relieve it, but nothing worked, and I felt exhausted at the same time, so I would lie down, but the feeling was unbearable so I would get right back up again. It was maddening. My pdoc gave me a beta blocker to make it go away, but that didn 't work. After a month on this med I just quit it cold turkey as I was terrified of it, felt like I could not handle one more night of feeling that way.
I got nexplanon in June 2015 because it seemed like it would be easy and private rather than having to take the pill every and not having to carry it with me on vacation with family members and such. My gynecologist told me it would stop my period after 6 months and it would be slightly irregular until then. Well 2 weeks after I received it, I started spotting nonstop for the next month. I then stopped for 2 weeks again but then I started spotting again and have not stopped since. Also, I have gained 6 lbs so far. I was at 154 and was able to maintain my weight for a whole year until I began this birth control and it seems no matter what I can 't get this weight off. I do also feel bloated ALL THE TIME. Needless to say, it 's coming out soon.
I had botox in my bladder because of nerve damage in my back i had to go sometimes every five minutes and could not leave the house. Its four months after first treatment. I still can not urinate at all unless I self cath. Sometimes five times a day sometimes ten when i take water pill for heart condition. Cant get answers if this is normal
I 've been on the pill for over three weeks and the side effects are horrible. I 've gained 10 lbs in just these three weeks. I 've been bloating really bad and thought I was pregnant. I originally got on this pill for mainly my acne and the pill made it worse. I 've woken up with terrible migraines and being nauseous. My moods swings are bad and sometimes I 'm depressed because of the weight gain. I couldn 't ride my horse the soreness of my breasts were terrible. I 'm thinking about getting off this pill and trying a difference one.
Worked great for cough but gave me severe diarrhea which kept me up all night. Would have rather had cough.
Latuda was horrible in my case. I was so wound up I couldn 't sleep or sit down. I had what felt like all day long panic and even a Xanax didn 't stop it. I was sweating and hyperventilating and felt a constant choking sensation I think from panicking. This is my experience it may be someone else 's miracle drug. It did ease the depression and mood swings but the side effects were not worth it. On the plus side I gave it a 3 because I was never hungry and dropped 20 pounds.
I used this cream for my acne and about 3 months later it cleared up my skin. However it did leave my skin Itchy, dry and very red. I stopped using the cream for about a month and use it occasionally when I get a spot, but when I go to take it off I have a red mask on! It 's worse than having spots to be fair. I have red patches everywhere and it takes a while to go. Does anyone know how to get rid of the red itchy skin?
I have been using the ring for about a year and a half now and I can relate to the symptoms everyone has been experiencing. Lack of sexual drive, mood swings, very sensitive, breast grew a cup size but is always very tender. Gained about 10lbs, was very emotional about everything. The only good thing about the ring is that you insert it for three weeks and once you remove the ring my period comes three days later like clock work. I had to stop using this birth control due to side effects.  Hubby was pleased with the bigger breast but upset with the mood swings and lack of sexual interest. 
Doctor tried MS Contin (morphine ER) it lasts six to eight hours not twelve hours. I scream daily as my breakthrough pain meds were taken from me. Does it compliment breakthrough pain meds yes but by itself it is not a good alternative at all!!!
Absolute worst side effects I 've ever experienced. Depression &amp; aggression are now apart of my everyday life. I 've been on this for 3 months. I 'm late every month which never happened before. I 'm a newlywed &amp; my sex life is almost non-existent. My period is light &amp; I barely have cramps. I have not gotten pregnant. It isn 't worth it. This sadness &amp; self induced seclusion is terrible. I 'll be burning my pack tonight.
Peaks and Valleys:I felt like I had peaks and valley 's of its effect (and side-effects).  I would feel its effects one hour after I took it, and they would be mostly gone six hours after the dose.  So even taking it four times a day did not provide stable relief.  Effects:It cut my anxiety down by about 40%.  Benzodiazepines cut it by about 90%.  Side-Effects:-I felt a roaring sensation in my head.  -It also made me feel depressed sometimes.Buspar side effects aren 't too bad, but it doesn 't provide that much relief either.
I started this medication because my Dr. said my body is sensitive to estrogen. The first month was okay; I had some dryness around my mouth that the corners of my mouth were cracked. I then continued and my whole mentality changed. My boyfriend noticed a huge difference. I am normally a very upbeat laid back girlfriend who turned into a clingy confrontational friend (we went onto break because he couldn 't handle it). I originally took it for PMS symptoms and to regulate my bleeding. I didn 't take it for birth control; so I don 't know how effective that was. I was on it for a total of 6 months and which I stopped it before, but wanted to give it time to regulate. Cons: acne, PMS ALL the time, dry mouth. Pros: weight loss, regular period.
I never had a problem with birth control until I switched from the brand Ortho-Tricylcen to Tri-Previfem. It was ok for the first month of use but after that I found that this medication caused me to have heightened anxiety, loss of appetite, and even nausea. Bottom line- I 'm switching back to what I was on before because of these side effects!
These drops were not very effective with my itchy red eyes. 
I had my Implanon inserted almost 5 months ago, in May 2009. The pros that I personally experienced with this method of Birth contro are as follows:-No periods. Very minimal spotting.-No pregnancy. -No real serious weight gain. Maybe 5 lbs over the 5 month period.While these pros are all really nice things, I found the cons I experienced outweighed the pros.The cons I experienced are as follows:-Terrible breakouts. I 've had very good skin my entire life, up until I had this inserted. -Ridiculous mood swings and just outrageous emotional-ness. I have no past history of mental illness whatsoever, and since having the Implanon inserted, my mood swings have been insane, and I 've experienced unexplainable bouts of depression.
Well my Dr wanted me to try it instead of depo.. but I cramp while not even on my period now and have chest pains about an hour after taking it. I looked up reviews because of the chest pains ... and no surprise others experience chest pain with it. I wouldn 't recommend it. Also the days of the week label falls off and gets me off track. That doesn 't help..
I have been tizanidine for about a month now and it does help me with muscle spasms..The biggest drawback is that I feel extremely tired during the day..almost like a hangover. 
Severe back pain sore chest swollen legs  sore pecs 6 weeks of misery
bowel control increased to approximately 60%side effects: runny nose, increased mucus, cough
I have Iritis, so to get rid of the inflamation, I was  given Ozurdex which caused intense pressure to 40%. The DR. gave me acetazolamide which got rid of the pressure, but caused these insane rashes everywhere on my legs and extreme muscle pain. The loss of appetite is not a big deal to me as well as the tingly toe thing but I have those as well. I 've been on this medicine for 2 months and just realized my symptoms are as a result. I seem to be the only one with these crazy side effects so if anyone else has them, please share and tell your DR.
I started this birth control about a month ago after bleeding non-stop for four months (have PCOS) and it stopped my bleeding immediately, however in about the second week I began having mild cramps and spotting brown.  I missed the last pill of my third week and took it the next morning - and bam, there was the heavy bleeding again. The bleeding and clotting is awful. If the bleeding doesn 't stop after I start my new pack, I think I 'm going to switch.As for other side effects, none!
This is the biggest mistake I ever made, I have had the implant since Feb 2015 and I was bleeding for 6 months straight with no breaks, it was horrible! The doctors could not give the pill alongside as they said it was too dangerous! Now I am fighting for a doctors appointment in which I have to wait 3 weeks for it to be removed! Would not recommend anyone to get it done!
I 've been taking Apri for about two years now. It started off good with lighter periods and no more cramps. My acne went away as well. The past few months, however, my periods have been heavier than before I started the pill and I have severe mood swings that have affected my life drastically. Apri may be for some people, but it 's not for me.
Was prescribed Nucynta for pain associated with sciatica and herniated disk in L5/S1. Although it did relieve the pain the side effects I 've experienced are just not worth it. Horrible headache, itching, sweating, constipation and depression.
So I have been taking Lyza for 5 months now. If I am 1hour or more late on taking my pill then I will automatically start a bleeding cycle for 5 days at least. I have no clue when my period actually is anymore. I also have had a 15 pound weight gain. I have also been losing hair, been depressed, and other odd things. I do not like this birth control at all, does not work well with my body.
I 've only been using this for 4 days so far. I put it all over my face because it says to use on the &quot;area&quot; that is spot-prone, and all of my face gets spotty, though not at the same time. I have pretty sensitive skin anyway, but this stuff BURNS! And my face is red raw for the next 3 or 4 hours. I put it on in the evening and by morning I 'm no longer red and stinging. It has also made me extremely dry and flaky and tight skinned, which is to be expected, but I can 't bear it so put on moisturiser almost immediately afterwards, which may be slowing down the process. It hasn 't helped my acne yet, but I 'm hoping with a little patience and pain-tolerance it will do the job!
I started to notice a pattern that the day I would insert it, for the next 24 hrs following insertion, I was incredibly naeusous, but I dealt with it. The reason I ultimately got off of it was because after 7 months of severe anxiety, mood swings, and angry outburst with no explanation, I figured out that it could potentially be my Nuva Ring. I 'm a 23 yr old, active student/teacher. I lost all motivation to get through the day or go to the gym. I constantly picked fights with loved ones, and I was so hard on myself and my personal appearance. I turned into someone I wasn 't. Was going to therapy 2 times a week for 4 months, trying to figure out what triggered my anxiety. Got off of NR once I put 2 and 2 together. Finally back to my normal self.
Took it for a week for my chronic tendinitis injuries, joint stiffness, joint pain and muscle spasms.  I went from a 26 inch waist to a 29 inch waist and a 29 inch band (under the boobs) to a 33 inch band in under a couple of days.  All with no change in diet or exercise.  Worked wonders for my pain and fatigue, but I don 't recommend to any athletes.
I have been taking cryselle for about 2-3 weeks now. It is much better than my previous birth control brand (Tri-Estarylla). My previous birth control caused weight gain, had horrible mental side effects, and caused various other problems. Using cryselle has eliminated all of these problems for me. I can 't say I love it just yet, but it is definitely better. My main issue/concern is the spotting. I 'll wake up in the morning and it 'll look like I just came on my period. This pill also moved my cycle up.  I 'm used to having periods starting around the middle of the month, but this first month using the pill, it came on the 1st. I 'll speak to my doctor about it, but I 'm pretty content so far with this birth control.
I have been diagnosed at 54 years of age with ADHD and have always had anxiety coupled with depression.  I had been prescribed Effexor with drastic results leading to unbearable back pain and incontinence of the bowels. Tried Cymbalta with zero results. I have just been switched to Wellbutrin 150mg XL.  I take 25-50mg seroquel for sleep.  My greatest fear is muscle and back pain because I work in the health care industry and have to be physically capable of working.  Has anyone out there experienced chronic back pain on these medications.  I don 't doubt the the anxiety of the potential of experiencing back and muscle pain is actually contributing to more anxiety.
These reviews have confirmed what I 've been thinking for a few months now. I 've been waking up at 3 am like clock work, I 'm irritated at the smallest things, gained 20 lbs and just feel down all the time. I was on Effexor and Zoloft for years until they stopped working for me so my Dr tried me on Viibryd.  Worst move ever. I want to beat my fists against everything and everyone.  Going to see him next week and demanding to be changed to something else.
So my acne before was mild but I was told it would start clearing my acne in the third month. I am finishing my third month and my skin is much much worse than it was. I am left with red markings/scars everywhere all over my face and I am at my wits end. I am torn between continuing or giving up,
I took Lamisil for 4 weeks. I am a Registered Nurse and I didn 't realize that the medication could affect my taste. This is definitely the worst side effect that I have ever experienced with any medication. The change in taste almost happened overnight. All of a sudden everything tasted like motor oil. I have been off the medication for 7 days and I am unable to eat. I pray that I regain my sense of taste. 
Been on it for depression and anxiety. It 's only been for about 4 days now but while it does make them go away, I 'm experiencing emotional bluntness. I can feel my emotions there a little but I don 't feel them fully. I also keep waking up to sore jaws from the clenching. Sleep is worse as well.
I have been on the Mirena for 4 months and I have never been so disappointed.  I NEVER had acne in my life, maybe one pimple every couple months. Now my entire face is broken out, and even on a perfect skin regimen I am a pizza face. I have NEVER not had a sex drive. GONE! I love my boyfriend so much, but I have NO desire anymore and that is NOT like me at all.  The few good things were...I didn 't gain weight.I felt like myself.It did its job (or so I would assume)   Just like with any birth control you have to try it yourself and see how it works for you.
There are other things which have worked better for me.
I have suffered from MDD, GAD, SAD, OCD, panic attacks, agoraphobia and PTSD for the past 25 years. I have tried several other SSRIs and was recently switched to Effexor XR. I was prescribed 37.5 and was to build up to 150mgs. The side effects were so severe I could not get past the initial dose. I took it for the past 6 weeks and it abruptly quit working. I could not tolerate increasing to 75mg. I will be switching to Celexa. The side effects include tachycardia, sweating, hypostatic, extreme blurry vision, nausea, headaches, insomnia and weight gain of 5lbs. I experienced &quot;spatial disorientation&quot; where I would get waves of vertigo. I had great depression relief for about 3 weeks but the side effects were too numerous to tolerate.
I have tried two 100mg tablets and split them in half as doctor ordered and it does not make much difference without the viagra. Does not keep erection during intercourse
I have been taking Lo Loestrin Fe for 3 months now. I started this pill after having the Mirena for 5 years and having little to no period a month. For the first month on this pill I had a normal period but the 2nd and 3rd month I have been having extremely heavy bleeding and blot clots. So far my periods are coming about every 5 days. On For 7 days, Off for 5 days. I feel terrible. I feel tired, having diarrhea, and headaches. My cramps are in my back and constant. And I am not sure if the pill is to blame but I have been getting anxious &amp; nervous a lot for no reason lately. I made up my mind to stop taking the pill and make a doc appointment. Hope this helps others.
It took me a long time to realize some major changes in my life directly correlated with the time I began to take Ortho Tri-Cyclen. I thought these were just general changes in my life until I realized they all started around the same time. I gained about 8-10 pounds, which is almost 10% of my body weight so it made a noticeable difference. The biggest negative point, however was the depression and irritability. I would cry for at least 2 days every month for no reason and considered dropping out of school and moving back home because I was so unhappy. Since I stopped taking Ortho Tri-Cyclen a month ago my whole life has gone back to normal, dropped 5 pounds and generally happy and comfortable. I never got pregnant, though.
I don 't feel like this made too much of a difference and was prescribed to replace Zoloft which I believe was better but made me gain a lot of weight. Getting off of Cymbalta was very hard, although I followed my doctors instructions and decreased very gradually, by the end I had to start taking motion sickness pills due to the dizziness and nausea I experienced from the withdrawals. I also experienced headaches and felt like my eyes would cross every time I took a step. Getting onto it was super easy, I went from 60mg-120mg pretty quickly, and I lowered it from 120-90-60-30 over the course of about 2 months and still dealt with these withdrawal effects. 
I had implanon put in Oct 2013. At that time I was 22 and 135 lbs. I have no children and have never been pregnant. My intentions were to keep it that way- I took the pill since I was 17 but wanted to find something that would maintain my busy lifestyle. this birth control has been a fabulous preventative but  I have had major side affects: Now 2 years later: -extremely moody/ anxious  - 4 months after implanted I was at my highest weight of 164 lbs -currently weigh 155 lbs and it has been the biggest challenge to loose weight. -long and drawn out periods for the whole time on bc Would not recommend
Had this med for colonoscopy. Easy to awake from. But I don 't think they shared everything that happened during procedure. Pillow was soaked with drool and had excruciating throat and ear pain. Was told they had to suction out my throat because I was coughing and that is why my throat hurt. By discharge time my sinuses, especially left side, were incredibly congested and full of mucus. I think allergic reaction and not coughing but gagging I had a headache whole next day. Wouldn 't use again
Due to a medical condition I was told this was the safest cough suppressant for me to take.  I took it before bed and woke up in the middle of the night extremely nauseous. Although it did suppress my cough I can do without the nausea !
I 've been on lexapro for five days now and I 've never felt more anxious in my life, I haven 't been eating and when I do eat nothing stays in my stomach long, my sleeping has been a nightmare, maybe 5 hours a night if I 'm lucky, and I 'm shaky all through the night and partially through the day, I feel like I 'm going crazy but I keep reading reviews that side effects are awful then subside and the medication is great, I 'm just really feeling like I 'm losing it here
At first Celexa really helped.  I had more energy, was happy and was like my old self.  That lasted only about 3 weeks before I started feeling bad again and wanting to sleep all the time. I also had a claustrophobic feeling like I couldn 't breathe.  I told my doctor and he also prescribed trazodone to take with it because he thought this would level me out.  The combination of the 2 made me dizzy, sick and very tired all the time. I couldn 't even wake up when my baby was crying in the room next to me.  Needless to say, I had to quit taking the medicine.  I wished it would have continued to work like it did those first 3 weeks.  Also, I started to eat more after the euphoric 3 weeks were gone.
I have been taking this medication for one month and while it works great for my overactive bladder problem, the side effects are so great I have stopped taking it as of yesterday.  I can deal with the dry mouth and sinus problems, but in the 3rd week I developed severe dizziness/vertigo and that I can 't deal with.  I will try something else now.
Been on this drug for three weeks.  Nothing.  Weight dropped a couple pounds in week 2, but went back up.  Blood sugar readings do not show any improvement.So does it really take 6-7 weeks before blood sugars drop and weight loss starts?
I have been taking Seasonique for over three years now. As much as I can say how great it is to only have my period four times a year, there 's a lot that I do not like about it. I tend to have spotting for two to three weeks at a time during the active pills, even when I take them at EXACTLY the same time everyday. My period starts off great but then gets real heavy towards the end. Sex drive is non-existent for a few weeks at a time. And now I 'm paying three times as much as I did because I lost prescription coverage when I changed plans. I 'm calling my OB tomorrow and asking her to give me a script for something cheaper and a little more dependable.
Side effects of joint pain, depression, irritability, hot flashes, night sweats,  midsternal chest pressure and headaches.  Stopped medication and within 48hours symptoms improved.
This is my 8th day of taking Plyera. I feel poisoned. These drugs are poison. My chest is burning up from acid. I can feel acid in my nose as well. I am pretty much confined to my couch or bed. 2 more days to go. I am concerned that this medicine is damaging my esophagaus from severe acid reflux.  Doc was insistent on curing this even if I did not have any ulcers. I felt so much better before this treatment. Please prepare plastic spoons and bowls. You won 't have the energy to wash anything. Also prepare 10 day worth of food you can eat using microwave. You won 't be driving anywhere either. Not all will experience terrible side effects (I had them all) but for sure they are real for me.
I started Trazadone 2 weeks ago and have had major side effects to the point I had to stop it!  Severe muscle and joint pain, fibromyalgia (hurting everywhere on body), severe headaches, serious memory loss, dry eyes and sinus congestion, vivid dreams,dizziness, blurred vision!  I stopped it yesterday and now everything has significantly improved, thank God!!  I know this drug effects everyone differenty, but my husband tried it for his insomnia as well and he had the SAME symptoms.  We both feel much better now.....hope this was helpful.  I was taking 50mg and tried 100mg a couple times....Symptoms were getting worse each day.
The pros for this pill are that it did lighten my period which is what I was looking for since I have fibroids which make my cycles heavier than normal. Also, I didn 't get migraines with these pills like I did with some other birth control pills. Now to the cons.  Within a few months of taking this pill I have picked up 14 pounds!!!! My moods are horrible and my sex drive is low. I tend to feel down a lot more than usual as well. I was also very very tired all the time. No matter how much sleep I got or how well I ate, my energy was just gone. I decided to switch after the last pack of pills. They just didn 't agree with my body.
My grandson has silent seizures and has been on Lamictal for about 3 years. He is 16 years old. He started off on a 100mg a day. He was increased to 200mg daily. His seizures has stopped but he has lost a lot of weight. I discussed this with his doctor and he said it wasn 't the medication. I had already done some research and saw that it could be a side effect. He told me to take him to his family doctor. When I took him to his family doctor she said it was the Lamictal. He also has terrible acne, has a hard time concentrating, has a hard time expressing himself and has severe constipation to the point he has bowel incontinence. He has had several problems with anger issues. These symptoms started when they upped his medication.
So this is my 90 day review I  had my Liletta  inserted 4/28/17. It took me a week to start bleeding after I got it installed since then I have yet to stop bleeding. It was heavy spotting for the first 2 months, and the past month its been flowing like a river. I 've  been going through a pack of pads per day. I gained 13 lbs... after just 3 weeks. I 've since lost the weight with diet and exercise. My biggest concern is the bleeding, I just want it to stop. I 've also developed a cyst on my right ovary since taking this. I 'm going to talk to my doctor about other birth control options. I will give it another  month but thats it. 
I was on Zoloft for about 7 years. Worked great at first, but eventually had to come off it due to horrible side effects. If I missed a dose, I would have debilitating brain zaps. Then, I started the brain zaps randomly through the day regardless of missing a dose or not. This medicine killed my libido.
So on one hand it works great makes me go. On the other it feels like its literally killing me. The stomach pain is excruciating. This is only my 3rd and last day.
I loved Nexplanon at first, because I couldn 't forget to take it like the pill. The procedure was quick and fairly painless and the tiny scar faded quickly. I had not noticed anything, but my mother and partner immediately noticed mood changes. My mother even told me I was so mean that I was unbearable to be around sometimes. I have since then started to notice that things agitate me very easily and I am quick to shout at someone, where I was the opposite before getting on this birth control. Fast forward to about a year on this birth control, I had my period for FORTY days straight with no sign of stopping. I had to be prescribed medicine to stop the bleeding. Also developed bad anxiety and a ton of depersonalization bouts.
Was diagnosed with Chronic Myelogenous Leukemia (CML) in Feb 2011, Gleevec worked for me for about a year and a half. I threw up almost every night on it. I had a rash all over my body when I first took it but that went away over time. Gleevec stopped working for me and my BNR jumped from 3 to 19. Dr switched me to Sprycel.
I had Implanon for 5 months,then had it taken off.Good: -practically certain of not getting pregnant; -not having to remember it; -bigger breasts.Bad:Menstruated or had spotting for almost 3 of the 5 months, and menstruated in more quantity.Had 3 months of premenstrual syndrome (mood swings, irritability. Very bad for my mental health and relationship.)Worsened my rhinitis allergy,  also very disruptive. My nose was inflammed like in rhinitis, despite maximum rhinitis medication. Not so easy to stop: as it requires minor intervention, I kept waiting that side effects would pass.I advise trying oral progesterones a few months first.Not advisable for low stature and weight (55kg), bad PMS, depressive history or rhinitis.
The pill version does nothing for vertigo. In my opinion, it appears to make me feel more unbalanced and dizzy than without. The syrup form does provide some help when it comes to treating vertigo. But, it its effects aren 't long lasting either.The suppository form does provide some help towards helping treat vertigo. For severe cases of vertigo, phenergan alone is not the best solution for such. I would only recommend using it if your vertigo is not severe.
I have been taking this pill for about four months and It was working and I felt a little better, not so many panic attacks but it didn 't help as much as I thought. Be careful when going off Effexor, the withdrawals are horrible. Most pain I have ever felt in my head. Do not just stop taking it. Effexor just wasn 't the right one for me.
I took this medicine prior to tooth extraction. After one day I got diarrhea and has been this way for two weeks now. 
I don 't normally get headaches in general but when I do, they 're horrible. I took an Excedrin after I developed I really bad headache upon getting off work for the day. My headache was gone in about 30 minutes tops. However, the side effects of this pill outweighed how fast it fixed my headache. I took the pill in the car on the way home and by the time I reached my home in 15 minutes I began feeling woozy. I started to feel light headed and felt this weird feeling in my stomach. I assumed it was because I was hungry but after forcing myself to eat food it only made things worse. I felt so bad that I just laid down early for the night so that when I woke up the feeling would most likely be gone. Nope! I woke up &amp; vomitted shortly.
Helped with cough but couldn 't sleep and had very severe diarrhea.
Doesn 't work all that well for me.
Bought abreva at the first day by middle of the night lip had a blister big one after applying it. 5 days later lip still has a nasty spot and a bit swollen . I do believe I could have just saved my $20 and probably wouldn 't have been different . Help with pain a bit yeah but healing it fast no.
I was prescribed 150mg of Wellbutrin after I had attempted suicide twice. It really didn 't help me. For a while I kind of just felt empty and it didn 't really help my mood. To be honest, it made me worse. My anxiety was at its worse and I was still self harming and thinking about suicide. This was definitely not for me.
I will start off by saying that everyone reacts differently to Implanon. I had mine inserted a little less than a year ago. The first few months were what I was told to expect, spotting on and off. At the three month mark I started bleeding badly for two months straight, took a week break then started bleeding again. For the last three months this has calmed down some, however I have started breaking out like a teen all over again. I have also noticed some weight gain and lots of hair loss. Good news? Well it does the job of keeping you un-pregnant.
Heart arrhythmia - insomnia. I have taken this medicine intermittently over past two years, and realize a direct correlation with heart arrhythmia and insomnia.
Psoriasis diagnosis: I received my first injection the end of December 2009 and I saw an immediate difference within the first two weeks. The second injection was due; however, I was ill with an upper respiratory virus in which my Doctor indicated to wait until it was resolved. I was about 1.5 weeks late with the 2nd injection. I was flared and received the 2nd injection with itching down 50% and cleared approximately 40%. Two weeks after the 2nd injection, I developed moderate arthritis symptoms in my shoulder, right knee and my finger joints. It was time for the 3rd injection after waiting 3 months. I remained at the 40% clearing. I discontinued this medicine due to joint issues and flaring increase by the end of 3rd month.
Worked a couple of times but does not work the third time.  May be my body get used to it.
Hello I 'm on 5 mg Abilify haven 't had much of a change yet only been on it for 3 days ... For tics, anxiety, OCD and depression. I 'm also on 200mg zoloft.  How long does it take to see improvement?  Please let me know... I hope it works as I 've bin struggling for awhile now. Any feed back would be great I 've heard good things and some not so good about this medication... I 'm hoping it helps.
Decreased sex drive, acne, and very depressed.  Too low for me I think
This birth control worked fine for the first 3 months I was on it. But then I started getting large, vicious acne on my face which is super unusual for me! I never had a problem with acne, not even in middle or high school. So horrible that now that I 'm in college and having to deal with near cystic acne. Not to mention the horrible, severe depression that I suffered from and am still trying to overcome after being off this pill for about 2 weeks. It almost ended my year long relationship. However, me and my boyfriend never had protected sex and I never had a pregnancy scare. But, I will say that the pill is different for everyone!!
Was on Androgel for 4 months, noticed very little difference in libido, energy, etc. At 45 years old, I was hoping for a bit more benefit. I decided after consulting with my doctor to get injections. This too has been somewhat underwhelming. I am not looking for huge improvement in mood, libido, etc., but I can 't honestly say I have seen much difference on it or off it.
I was switched to Sronyx about a year ago, and at first I didn 't notice any negative side effects... but about six months ago, my husband started to point out how mean I got when my period got closer. At first I brushed it off as PMS, but it got worse each month. In high school, before I was on the pill, I never got cramps, or had bad mood swings but now I 'm constantly doubled over from cramping, I get irritable, and I NEVER know when my period will actually start. And I would break out like crazy! (I have acne-ridden wedding pictures as proof). The only good thing is that I didn 't get pregnant.I 'm glad I 'm starting a new pill next month.
Got Mirena at my 6 week post-partum checkup. First baby, had him w/o an epidural, and WOW. The IUD insertion hurt worse than childbirth. I bled for 2 MONTHS straight after insertion and my husband said the cords felt like wires stabbing him for the next year. 3 years later and I wish we had money for my husband 's vasectomy. I get brutal cramping almost 24/7, intercourse is painful for me if my husband thrusts too deep, I get intensely nauseous during my period and my period is VERY heavy, I recently got Pelvic Inflammatory Disease, and the cords can still be felt by my husband both the day before and the day after my period.The only  'pluses ' about this IUD is that I didn 't have to pay for it and I haven 't got pregnant again.
Had severe mood swings, dry eyes to the point of not being able to wear contacts, weight gain, breast tenderness.  
I went to the doctors n was diagnosed with pneumonia. He prescribed Levofloxacin. The symptoms of the pneumonia decreased,but however I am experiencing excruciating pain in my right arm..in the joint under my elbow. I found this weird and googled this medication, and clearly found out that others experienced the same side effect,in which is not listed in the medications information packet.
I switched to Gianvi from Aviane in hopes of clearing up my acne. I was VERY excited because Yaz is supposed to be a miracle. My experience was far from a miracle. My skin did not clear up AT ALL, and got worse. I 'm a freaking irrational hothead all month. I 'm usually very good at shrugging off the small stuff, but it 's like I have absolutely no control over my emotions anymore. I 've become very lethargic; I could sleep all day if you 'd let me. My once raging sex drive is now hardly existent. On the bright side, it did work strictly as birth control (hence the 4 rating). I 've already made an appointment to switch.
I honestly don 't like this medication very much. I just started it previously and I am experiencing extreme drowsiness and although it is a common side effect it is not normal to the point where I zone in and out like I 'm as high as a kite.
Excruciating  pain  in ear since  June .Been on tegretol since. From 600mg to 1200Then surgery. Still  having  pain. Still on 900mg
Had the IUD put in 2 weeks ago....painful (yet quick) insertion.  Cramping that night.  Spotted for 4 days.  Had to go back today to have it taken out.  Pelvis felt inflamed.  Does cause acne/oily skin....but otherwise no symptoms.  Not a fan of the IUD.  Unfortunately first and last.
I tried Gianvi last summer for about 4 months. I gained 20lbs and it 's awful. I was at a 110 before and then towards the end of it, I was 130lbs. Once I got off Gianvi, I lost most of the weight I gained. It did however help with my acne. I had pretty bad acne before and Gianvi helped control it. 
I am at the end of day 3 of the medication and I can 't do it anymore. The side effects are making life miserable, just in a different way than I started with. I went in because of the headache and congestion that would not respond to anything over the counter plus vertigo. The vertigo went away after the first day of meds but the headache is significantly worse. Additionally, my stomach hurts really bad and constantly feels like I have overeaten a mass amount all the time, whether I have eaten or not. I have also has some mild diarrhea. So not worth it for me!
I have severe menstrual pain, so bad to where I throw up,and I am in bed for the whole day. So I decided to get on the pill. My doctor prescribed me orsythia and it changed my mood severely. I was very mean and grumpy all the time, it felt like was on edge all the time. Which is not like me at all, I am a very easy going, go with the flow, never really get mad type of person. It did not help my cramps as much as I thought it was going to. It also made me have really bad head aches and  acne. It has been almost a week since I 've stopped taking it and my mood and acne has cleared up. The only thing now that I 've noticed is that my knees and  ankles ache, after coming off of the medication. But I 'm sure that will clear up soon.
Have only been on Brilinta 3 days after 2 stents put in because of blockages, but was concerned enough to start  looking for reviews. I have pains over my body, diarrhea  and have had some shortness of breath. will be asking my doctor when I go to see him this week as advised after my procedure.
Do to severe bone loss, a fracture in my spine &amp; scoliosis my doctor prescribed Forteo. I seemed fine in the first five months but I began to experience unbearable back pain. I could not lie down in bed at night. This went on for a few weeks. The doctor asked me to stop the Forteo. Four day later the pain subsided. My doctors said the medication was not right for me. I have not had a bone density test yet.
I got mirena in on Monday 6-22-2015 and it 's thursday now and these cramps on my left side are killing me . I think I made the wrong choice by getting this. It hurt so bad when they were putting it in . the day I got it I had to take so much meds just to sleep so I wouldn 't hurt. I think I 'm gonna have it removed because I can 't keep calling off of work.
I was on this about a month and titrated my dose slowly. It might 've started to improve my depression at first but that didn 't seem to last. It also probably increased my anxiety. It caused constipation and upper GI slowness as well that took three weeks to improve. It also caused a pungent feminine odor that lasted the entire as I took it, not just before my period. 
I had the Implanon inserted in May 09, six weeks after having my baby. The only great thing is I don 't have to take the pills but apart from that my hormones are up and down all the time. My first period after having it in was okay but the next one has lasted six weeks and counting. I don 't know what to do? As for my weight I have just stayed the same but I 'm trying to lose weight. My daughter is four and a half months old so I think I will give it one more month for my bleeding and hormones to settle down and if not I will be getting it out.
In February 2014, Forest Laboratories, the makers of Armour Thyroid, was bought by the drug company Actavis for $25 million.  I recently finished a batch that I had on hand since May of 2014 and was doing quite well with no side effects.  As soon as I started a new batch that I purchases in October of 2014, I noticed the difference within a few days: I started itching, being warm and lacking sleep.  Before I was sleeping very well regularly while now I 'm having a lot of trouble.  I think that I will be looking for some other alternative after I see my doctor, preferably Nathroid, and Westhroid.  Why would Actavis change the composition of a good product and make it worst?  After being a  'happy ' individual with Armour for several years, it 's time to move on.
I went on Ortho Tri-Cyclen for about a year &amp; I can honestly say my face cleared up tremendously. The only downside was that I experienced crazy emotions &amp; mood swings. I unfortunately ran out &amp; wasn 't able to refill my prescription for a couple weeks. As soon as I went back on it &amp; for the past year I 've had the worst acne I 've ever had. Cystic as well as scarring I 've never experienced. I tried to stick it out to see if I would get the results that I had when I first took it but it hasn 't gotten any better.. I 'm now switching to Gianvi &amp; hoping this will make my acne better.
Ambien worked well for the sleep issues but if you are having any issues or stress in your life you may want to try and find something else. It makes you very agitated at anyone you may come in contact with and may cause depression.
It seems to have taken the edge off, I 'm not &quot;barking&quot; coughing anymore but still wide awake at 4:30am and coughing all night.
I 've been on this pill for 2 months and the acne is horrible! Yes it prevents pregnancy so that part works but this acne sucks! Constant breakouts on my chin. I 'm going to switch pills!
I have been on Tambacor for 7 years now and in the past 2 years I have been having dizzy spells, almost blackout, panic attacks for no reason, breathing problems out of the blue, eyes are blurring up more and more each year, no energy, weak muscles and not for lack of trying I just can 't get them to tone up so I consider myself weak. My tummy gets upset ringing in the ears and the most annoying other than the dizziness is the low blood pressure it just drops so times!  These are all symptoms for this drug. I was in denial for a long time as these side effects were minimal and just became worse . I 'm  not on any other drug. I 'll have to go off it but what 's next??
Oh. My. Gosh. Most painful thing I have experienced in quite some time. I don 't often write reviews, but this was a must. I almost instantly felt like my Vagina was on fire and it wasn 't until I googled the product reviews that I realized it wasn 't just me. I injected the medicine right before bed and laid there in agony for about an hour. I finally fell asleep after convincing myself that it was painful because the medicine was doing work in a shorter time frame. I thought I would wake up pain free and good to go but unfortunately that doesn 't appear to be the case. The symptoms have lessened slightly, and hopefully they continue to subside and I am in the clear soon, but I don 't think I will ever use this medicine again.
I have not had good luck with this medicine. The side effects were horrible at first but they did settle down and mostly disappeared after 4 or 5 months on the medication. If you 're just starting it, give it some time and the side effects will go away, but for me it never helped lessen or decrease my migraines so now my doc has given me Amitriptyline to try so I 'm hoping I have better luck with this one!!
The doctor just put me on this medication for my high anxiety. I was taking Xanex 1mg and switched me to this, its been 2 days taking it at a 7.5 mg and I 'm really not noticing any relief at all.
I had been using Nuvaring for just about a year when I decided to call it quits. The first few months were great. I loved the convenience of it, and my boyfriend could not feel it. I also never had a problem with it slipping out. After 3-4 months, I started getting intense cramps, bloating, and breast sensitivity for about a week before my period that lasted until I popped the next one back in. Meanwhile, I was getting crankier and moodier and the smallest things would make me cry. I started breaking out on my face (which NEVER happened before) and I gained about 10-15 lbs (not that I was doing anything differently that would cause this). After about 6 months, I started losing my sex drive and when I did have sex, it would be painful.
Have been using Lantus for 3 weeks. Injecting 15-20 units per day and have not experienced a substantial reduction in glucose readings. Am upping dose to 24 units/day. Also have been taking 2.5g of Metformin with insulin shots. When my glucose goes above 300, I need to take 4mg of Glimepiride to knock it down. 
I took Lamisil for about 6 weeks. My toenails started looking better right away. I could see the new clear nail pretty quick. I started having bad heartburn and stomach pains. Everything starting smelling and tasting the same and terrible. I lost 10 pounds and could barely keep food down for 3 weeks. It has been about 6 weeks since I stopped taking it and I am still having loss of taste and stomach acid problems. Liver tests came out normal. I have never been allergic to a medicine but unfortunately I was in the 1% of people that got the side effects from this medicine.
Terrible! I was on Microgestin FE 1/20 for 10 months. I experienced weight gain and excessive night sweats. As soon as I stopped taking the pill, the night sweats stopped. The weight is slowly coming off with diet and exercise.
I have been looking for a medication that will keep me at a stable pace all day, not with the several ups and downs I experience on Motiron and Ritalin. I have tried Adderall, Ritalin, Straterra, and more than 3 other medications. But of all the medications I have tried, Straterra gave me the worst side effects by far. I felt sick to my stomach, irritable, toxic, I had a headache for 3-4 hours a day and the come down was terrible. I went through extreme periods of depression and anxiety while on this medication for only 2 weeks! I know some people can feel the effects after a few weeks, but for me it just wasn 't worth it to continue. Hope it works for others but this non-stimulant was all side-effects and no help for my ADHD.
Been on microgestin FE 1/20 since September. I had some side effects -nervousness, odd dreams, during the first 10 days. I lost my appetite and have not regained it. During this last 6 weeks my anxiety has returned triple. I can 't sleep. I 'm exhausted. I have vivid nightmares. It 's awful. I have constant feeling of dread &amp; anxiety, like I want to break things. I got on the med to control constant menstrual bleeding...I 'm 47 now. The pill has worked well for that and my hair is growing back where I lost some due when iron was low. My period cramps have increased a little, but not overbearingly. I have Dr appt in January. Hope she takes me off this pill before I go insane. They should take this pill off the market.
I 'm nearing the end of my 3 year term and getting it out now, but should have long ago! I got my nexplanon put in January 2013... The first 10 months were fantastic, I did not have 1 period! From 10 months until about 14 months was ok, I had a period here and there. The past year or more had been TERRIBLE! Instead of having a period 1 week per month, I am lucky to NOT have a period for 4 days a month!On top of that, I gained a total of 30 pounds.. most of it in the first year.I hate it and should have had it removed sooner but next Wednesday is the day!Rated it a 3 because it was successful in that I did not get pregnant.
Had lump removed April 2014 15 treatments of Radiotheraphy  then Letrozole. The Doctor only warned about making my already present aches pains worse but felt this was the best for my age now 70.  I went out with Daughter Friday felt had to drag myself around so wiped out I feel need to sit down all the time. Go upstairs to bed time get top of stairs sweating very hot feel like running out of air have to sit down on toilet whilst I cool down. During the day constantly fall asleep. Feel this is a poor life with no energy to do anything.Wake in morning headache. sometimes feel sick.
My expierence with the impant has not been good. I am sad and upset all the time. I cry over everything. I am extremely irritable and anxious. I 've had this in for almost a year and I 'm not happy ever anymore.I am getting the Nexplanon taken out as soon as I can to get a new birth control prescribed.
I took Pristiq for six days due to OCD/anxiety. While I think that this drug did help with my symptoms it made by blood pressure go through the roof. My blood pressure has always been normal (no higher than 120/80). I think that this is a side effect that needs to be mentioned more frequently. The side effects are too much! (I also had sweating, and problems sleeping even when I took it at night).
I started taking Lo Loestrin Fe about 2 months ago and I am breaking out horribly around my mouth and chin. I have always had acne but not that severe and it actually cleared up in the past year with the occasional pimple here and there....now I have cysts and white heads all over my chin that are not going away. I am finishing this pack and then calling my doctor to switch.
I was on this pill for about 3 years and i have gained 25 lbs since. I went to the gym and also ran when I was on it. I feel like being on this pill makes it really hard for me to loose weight. I gained a lot of weight in my belly and boobs. Also my boobs are way too big now I went from a C cup to a DD. I quit the pill and lost two pounds gonna keep trying to loose more weight.  It worked well as a birth control, i just don 't like the side effects of weight gain.
I was previously on Lo Loestrin for three years because I cannot be on a pill that has a lot of estrogen. My insurance covered very little of it (it was costing me $120 a month) so my doctor prescribed Sharobel. I spotted for about a month when I first started taking it, and then didn 't get my period for about three to four months. For the past two months, I have been spotting almost everyday, some days actually seem like a full-blown period. It will stop for a day or two at most, and then I am spotting again. I haven 't experienced any other negative effects, but with this birth control being less effective than others on top of the months of spotting, it is not the best option for me.
Causes dry lips--use chapstick often...took several months to become effective
Luvox did help with my depression and anxiety symptoms but it had an extreme sedative effect on me. Unfortunately my doctor did not realize my extreme fatigue was caused by this medicine and I spent money on sleep studies, blood tests and various medications trying to figure out why I was so tired. I could get through my work day but I would crash. I was sleeping 4 hours after work, getting up to make dinner and then returning to bed. I was so frustrated, feeling like I was missing out on life. I wasn 't depressed because of chemical imbalance, but because I felt like I didn 't have a life. I saw a different doctor and as soon as he took me off Luvox, my energy returned. Definitely not the right medicine for me.
I have used Afrin for years. Until yesterday, I would have given a much higher review.  In the months since last needed it, I found that I had to have it removed from a security box at the register and, in addition to safety seal, one is now required to battle a new safety design to remove the top.  I have arthritis and a torn ligament in my hand.  I concede victory to the bottle and will switch to a different brand.  Parents, if you have young children, please put all medications - including Afrin -out of reach.  If you have teenagers, please tell them not to make meth...
I was on Generess FE for about 2 years (loved it) and then could no longer afford it because it no longer had a activis card to use when paying for it. So, the doctor put me on Minastrin 24 FE. I believe this pill has made me gain a little bit of weight in a very short amount of time and my biggest concern is how it has effected me emotionally. I feel very moody and so unhappy, almost depressed. I also have no sex drive which I am not sure if that is from the pill or the slight depression from the pill. Either way it is just not working well with my body. I Can 't wait to switch off of this pill.
i was on byetta from for 6 mths it was good to control the sugar levels but i did not find any other benefit as to what the drug claim about losing weight....i thought the expense was to much for the not so stellar results.....
I am about halfway through my 2nd pack of Lo Loestrin Fe.  The first month, I had minor spotting on one day, no big deal. I also noticed that I had a couple of pimples but since there were only a couple, I figured it could have been my normal hormonal changes during the month.  However, halfway through this second month and my chin/mouth area has never had such acne!  I had occasional acne, like many people, but 90% of the time my skin was clear before.   Now I feel like I wake up everyday with a new batch of red spots.  I want to stop this pill now (midpack), but don 't want to give myself menstrual issues at the same time so I 'm trying to stick it out until the end of the pack.
This patch was not very useful to me. All it did was irritate my skin and cause a huge loss in appetite. While on this, however, I lost no weight. 
I 've been on the pill for almost 3 months and so far I 'm not pleased!! my gyne suggested this bc method because I bleed heavy and have severe abdomen pains. I 'm always hungry, never stopped bleeding, and my bedroom life has been on hold for 2 in a half months.
Worst thing I 've ever done. Terrible mood swings, basically on my period for an entire year, and had some of the heaviest periods I 've ever experienced. Terrible decision. In terms of me not getting pregnant, it worked great. But that 's because we were hardly ever having sex. I had just about every side effect you can get from that thing. I would personally shy away from recommending this to anyone.
My friend and I, both 18, got Mirena as birth control. She loves hers. The insertion was painful, but manageable- the side effects are what 's really bad. Before, my period was short, light, and I have NEVER cramped. Since getting my IUD, I have consistantly bled heavily. Daily, I have crippling cramps to where I can no longer continue to drive or walk. I often wake up moaning in pain and crying. I got an ultrasound yesterday and everything looked fine. I 'm not saying not to get Mirena, but I strongly recommend considering other options or being okay with dealing with the side effects. This has been a terrible experience for me, and a great experience for my friend so you can never really be sure how it will be for you.
Was on name brand Loestrin 24 when it came out 10 years ago. Switched over to name brand Minastrin chewables since that was the replacement Loestrin. I had no issues or side effects, get my period every so often and it would be very light. Switched insurance at it was $425 for a pack!!! So I called my doctor asking for a generic version and was prescribed Blisovi. The ingredients are identical, but I 've been on it a month and a half and have gained 6 pounds. I follow a strict low carb diet and am celiac, so I am able to maintain my weight. Despite what I eat or drink, The weight is piling on and I have been spotting every other week. I 've been on BCP for 10 years, you 'd think I 'd be pretty consistent.
Gabapentin has been working wonders for my anxiety and fibromyalgia or maybe it 's just because I CANT STAY AWAKE LONG ENOUGH TO FEEL A DAMN THING. I hate the living hell out of this pill I have been trying to tapper off of it for weeks now and I 'm in hell. Extreme abdominal pain. Can 't actually sleep longer then 2 hours at a time and when I 'm awake I feel like death. I can 't focus or remember anything at all. This is truly hell
It 's very important to read the side effects of all the medicines that your Doctor prescribes to you. Sometimes the side effects are a bigger problem then the original problem you were trying to treat. This was true in my case with Furosemide where the blurred vision, loud ringing in the ears and a bright red flaky face rash was unbearable. But that 's not to say that everyone will suffer side effects.
Terrible cramps on the first day of each period, my periods were heavier than ever, I bled through 4 super plus tampons a day. I had bleeding every day of the month, not spotting, BLEEDING. Just finished my 4th month and I 'm done taking it. Made me super anxious
After 3 doses of 875mg Augmentin for Ear infection had severe abdominal cramping and diarrhea...no relief for the ear...had to call Dr fro different Rx
I have been on Zoloft for 4 months . I am now at 125mg per day.  Depression has slighly improved but not much effect on anxiety and panic attack.  Not sleeping better I am dealing with chronic pain and professional burn out.  I am thinking about swithching to Pristiq but I am afraid of side effects. I am amazed with the no side effects of Zoloft.
I 've taken a lot of medications. I was prescribed latuda and it wasnt a very good experience. I couldn 't even sit down to watch a movie without feeling jittery and needing to be on the go. When it was bed time my legs were so restless I couldn 't sleep. I would lay in bed kicking my legs non stop. I 'll never take this again.
I went for colonoscopy and Doctor told me I needed endoscopy as well. In two weeks I 've got phone call that I have H Pylori infection in my stomach and prescribed Pylera. I was taking 12 tablets a day and 1 tablet of Protonix for 10 days and now I feel much worse than before. Before I was healthy and now I am sick to my stomach.
Got Nexplanon in February 2015 for irregular periods. I have now gotten my period for the third time in 6 weeks. No thanks. Will probably be looking at getting it removed.
Just slightly more effective than ibuprofen and vicodin but still not for moderately severe to severe pain.
Uroxatral helped my benign prostatic hyperplasia symptoms, but it made me extremely tired.
Got skyla about 9 months ago after the birth of my second child. Insertion was miserable! Cramping was the worst! I spotted for about 6 weeks after it was inserted. Have had 1 &quot;period&quot; since. Im constantly cramping and in pain. The uncomfortable feeling had never gone away. So far not pregnant, consider that a win
If anything my sugar levels have increased while on this med.
So I am 19 years old it is August (a month after my birthday) so I have been on depo for there years exactly. My first couple weeks I had nausea and headaches. After my third shot I had no menstrual cycle anymore. I will say for this form of birth control is awesome. I was with a guy for a long time and never used a condom and here I am three years later and never had a pregnancy scare. So yes as birth control it works perfectly. However, throughout the years I still had some mild cramps and horrid mood swings and my right knee seemed to gradually get worse. Pains that came and went more when it rained. I am now in the middle of getting depo provera out of my system and I must say I feel like I am dying. Horrible mood swings nausea headache
Gained 15+ lbs in 3 months - not even sure how much weight I gained due to the constant water weight and bloating I 've had. I dropped the pill mid cycle because I was so frustrated, hoping to go back to my normal weight in 2 months.No other symptoms for me.
I 'm 55/ male and recently experienced a seizure during a visit at an MD clinic upon falling from the cart I was on and striking my head, I then had a subsequent episode two weeks later. I was started on Keppra 500mg twice daily, It has now been almost a week and since starting my appetite has tanked, I have had profound anxiety attacks,and insomnia along with occasional emotional lability, Also ataxia when walking. Don 't know if I wanted to continue this, but will speak with my neurologist next week.
My breathing has improved;  however,  I have had voice side effects.   I lost my voice and started feeling sick with an upper respiratory illness approximately a week after starting Breo.  I thought I was sick until I took a full dose of antibiotic and nothing changed.
The side effects were terrible. The first day my heart was racing so fast, I had dry mouth, headache, chills, sweating, and woke up every hour after falling asleep at 10pm. I usually sleep through the night. The 2nd day of taking Strattera my eyes were dilated and my husband said my eyes looked weird. I thought I would sleep better since I took the medicine in the morning but I was wrong. Fell asleep at 10pm, woke up sweating with a fast pulse...really fast. Woke up every 2 hours. Just terrible. The 2 days I took it I had energy to do tasks around the house but the side effects of not sleeping and my eyes dilating were too much. Plus my heart rate was all over the place.
When taking cialis 5mg once a day I have noticed very little effects of the meds if any.  I took two at the same time and what a great improvement. Is this safe to do
I was diagnosed with pneumonia 9 days ago. Started out on Azithromycin but was not feeling better after 4 days so doctor told me to finish that (only had 1 more pill) and then start Doxycycline 100mg 2x per day for 7 days. Started to feel better then got worse again. I have missed an entire week of work, today makes the 6th day I have missed. I am a substitute nurse at an elementary school so I don 't get paid if I don 't work. (I am on a long-term assignment working full-time right now). I haven 't had pnuemonia in over 10 years. Never had a case this bad. Going back to the doctor today to get a chest x-ray. As a nurse, I am very diligent about washing my hands and using preventative measures to stay healthy. Most likely caught a bug at work.
I have had implanon exactly 2 yrs. I loved this birth control for the 1st yr and a half. I had absolutely no period or weight gain. It was an easy and effective birth control. However last August I started having my cycle again. The bleeding was the heaviest it 's ever been, very clotty, and unexpected. Often I would have bleeding every other week.  The length of the period is long, and extremely heavy with cramping! My mood has drastically changed since restarted my cycle. I have depressed feelings and often don 't feel like getting out of bed. After starting my cycle back, I experienced weight gain. Went to the Gyno yesterday and since starting back in August I 've gained 30 lbs. No change in my diet and I 'm only 21. I 'm getting this Birth Control out!
I found the Nuva ring to be a hassle. Two weeks after insertion of the Nuva ring I had to take it out! The first week I started experiencing nausea, headaches, cramps, noticable excessive vaginal lubrication, desensitivity around my lady parts. These symptoms followed into week two and started getting worse.  I couldn 't tell if the nuva ring was effecting my mood or not due to mental health issues I already have, I didn 't know if I was just having a bad few weeks of depression ( which is normal for me ) or if maybe the Nuva ring was causing me to feel bad.I also, I found the Nuva ring hard to insert as it felt like it was always going going to come out, and had to keep putting it back in place. I would not recommend it. Just wasn 't for me
I have been taking trisprintec for almost a year now. At first I was perfectly fine with this Birth control, but now I suffer from random headaches, my acne is worse, I tend to cry for no reason especially at night before bed, and I 'm always in a bad mood. I have noticed withing this past month I don 't really enjoy sex anymore, and it 's hard for me to get wet, I have developed Hypertension, and I missed a pill the other day I was in my 3rd week, and I 've missed a pill before and been fine, but when the bleeding first started it lasted 7 days and I wrote it off as an early period because I missed a pill, but 3 days later the bleeding returned and hasn 't yet stopped. Sunday I start a new BC and hopefully all of these symptoms go away.
I got perscribed this for mood swings during that time of the month rather than for birth control. So far it hasn 't impressed me to much. I 've been on it for 3 weeks now and my skin is usually very clear, but within 2 days of starting Sprintec I started severely breaking out and nothing will clear it up. As far as my mood swings, it works pretty well but every now and then I get really depressed and that 's not normal for me. Lastly I 've only thrown up like 3 times in my life but as soon as I started taking this I 've been super nauseous every day and every other night or so I wake up and have to throw up. Maybe its affecting me more because I 'm 15 but it 's not been too great.
I started taking Levora two years ago. First off, my face was very clear (with the one or two pimples here and there) once I started taking Levora my face and back became covered in extremely painful cystic acne caused by the high levels of hormones. I would always have at least 2-3 on my face as well as getting 2 near my period. My breasts went from a 34 B to a whopping 36 D within a year of taking the pill. Even though I took the pill at night I would wake up with morning sickness where I could not eat and everything would make me nauseous. Levora did not help with my periods expect made them 5 days instead of 7 but they were always heavy. I 've been off Levora for about three months and my acne is completely gone and I 'm much happier.
Overall it will take the edge off slightly.  Honestly though if you are detoxing of a good sized habit you aren 't going to make it in this alone.  
Loved this pill and experienced no side effects until after taking it for about 4 months. My sex drive has been ZERO and have had horrible dryness which was never an issue at all for me until after taking the pill. Talked to my doctor and apparently this is very common on this pill. It has started to interfere with my relationship so I will be switching.
Just didn 't work.
Positives:1. Regulates my period VERY well.  Always happens the middle of the last week of the pack until the end of the pack (about 4 days).  2. Lighter periods.  3. Not pregnant.Negatives:1. REALLY nauseous the day after taking the first pill in every pack.  Like, super duper nauseous for about the first 8 hours of the day.  Feels horrible.2. Constant yeast infections.  I have had 4 in the past 4 months, because of the estrogen in this BC.  Might happen on any Estrogen BC, but be aware.3. Debilitating calf cramps at night.  Super painful and last about 5 minutes, they wake me up every time.4. Jumping at every little noise.Been on this for 4 months, appointment tomorrow with gyno to switch
Psychiatrist put me on Brintellix about 7 weeks ago. 10mg for the first 3 weeks - which had no effect on my depression, but I didn 't notice any side effects like I had with Pristiq, Lexapro, Lovan &amp; Alprazolam. The dosage was upped to 20mg for the next 4 weeks. Still feel terrible, haven 't noticed any shift in the depression but I 've noticed I feel a bit more edgy and anxious. Not sure how long I 'm meant to wait to notice a change but I 'm not convinced that this drug is working for me. It 's also not covered by medicare in Australia, so quite expensive!
I tired Aleve. It works to some extent for a few hours but it stops. I get better and longer lasting results with Advil liqui-gels for arthritis.
Ambien is a great sleep aid. I used to take the 10mg dose and did great. I was able to fall asleep fast and stay asleep through the night. There are some side effects to this medication though. For example: The first time I took Ambien I had no side effects. I slept soundly through the night, no problems at all. After a few nights of taking it though I started to wake up in the morning and see that my furniture had been moved around or that my fridge door was open. I could not figure out what had happened until I asked my doctor. Supposedly when taking any hypnotic, it can cause you to sleep walk, or do things in your sleep that when you wake up you have no memory of ever doing. Overall though, it does what it 's supposed to do.
I have been taking Avapro for 5 years and I don 't like it so am looking for another drug. My GP thinks if the side effects are bearable don 't change anything. I don 't like the dizziness, cold feet, dry throat and tiredness it produces. It has also depleted my potassium levels and  I wonder if the arrhythmias I have been having are related to prolonged use. 
While this med helped my ear pain and infection heal... the swollen mouth, jaw, tongue, and face were too unbearable I quit the drops after 4 days. My doc advised me there was no way my swelling came from the drops. I insisted on prednisone and then picked up zyrtec, pepcid, and benydryl Those meds, combined with 50 mg of prednisone I 'm feeling much better. I 'm allergic to penicillin. I 'm wondering if my pcn allergy is related to my cipro allergy.  I 'll never go back to that doctor.
My experience on NuvaRing was a mixed bag. My first time on it was wonderful - I was CRAZY the first month on, after that it was smooth sailing. Absolutely no bad side effects. I had to discontinue due to no insurance, but when I went on it again years later I had a multitude of problems. BAD bloating around the midsection (I am otherwise a slender woman and the bloat didn 't look right on me), thinning hair, dark spotting of the skin on my back and stomach, borderline severe depression and anxiety. I lost all the bloat as well as the depression and anxiety when I came off it. Unfortunately my acne came back (much to my dismay) when I stopped using it, but for me the NuvaRing was still not worth the side effects.
Invega has gotten rid of my mania at 75 mg monthly injection. However, the side effects are much more than lithium or valproic acid and it is much worse on the body.  So I think it is really better to just take a mood stabilizer so am thinking of switching to lithium or valproic acid.  I will try to reduce to the lowest injection which is 50 mg monthly. I am using it as a monotherapy. It along with Risperdone injection are the only long-lasting injections available. So they force it on me because they don
My son was diagnosed with Tourettes and he is 10yrs old.  The medicine has helped a little with his tics but still does some.  His anger is getting worse while on this medication and has gained alot of weight in the half a year he has been on this medication. 
I 've been taking Sprintec since after my accident on June 5 2011. It messes up my cycle and made my breast feel sore everyday. I couldn 't take the pill unless I already ate or was about to eat because it made me feel light headed and my legs be cramping and stomach cramps worse then normal. I 've been feeling sick off and on since I 've been taking it. 
I 'm a 23 yr old with severe anxiety and insomnia and my insomnia has been getting worse over the past few months. I can 't remember the last time I slept through the night or fell asleep in less than three hours. Melatonin did nothing for me and Benadryl didn 't do much either. I tried unisom last night. I fell asleep much faster than usual- probably took me about 30 minutes. But after 2 1/2 hrs I was awake again. I couldn 't fall back to sleep. I tried looking up if I could take another 25mg (I had taken 50mg before I went to sleep) but I couldn 't find anything about whether 75mgs total is too much? I 'm frustrated because it put me to sleep so quickly, and I slept heavily, but it lasted so short a time that it barely made a difference.
I took 4 dulcolax against the package directions which indicate to take only 1. I didn 't have cramping or an explosive bm. When I did finally poo about 12 hours after taking the pills, it was slow and required lots of effort and pushing. I didn 't get everything out as desired...but I did at least have a bm.
I have been on Aviane for 2 and a half weeks and have been extremely emotional, had breakthrough bleeding for almost a week now and have bad cramps and bloating.  I have seen most people say that it gets better after the first few months so I 'm crossing my fingers.
I was put on Xarelto after a small P.E. in the lower lobe of my right lung and have not felt right since. I am tired all the time, have no energy, migraines, dizzy, and also increased anxiety. The reason I decided to take Xarelto over the other blood thinners was because of not having to go to the doctor monthly which I believe is the only good thing about this medication. Can 't wait to go off of it in a month. I 'm so thankful to read the comments and see I am not the only one suffering these side effects.
Went to see my lung doctor for my coughing up phlegm constantly. He said it might have something to do with my quitting smoking. (day 102) Sometimes it gets worse before it gets better. He prescribed azithromycin 500 mg. 3 times a week for 4 weeks. So far I have gotten thru 1 week. Still spitting up, loss of appetite and can 't get a good nights sleep.
It did the job of relieving my sore throat and massive headache. The bad thing is that I felt like a drugged up zombie the entire night. Had to call out of work cause of the insomnia :(
I 'm 27. I have 2 kids under 3 years old. I got pregnant using the pill so I decided to try the nexplanon since I wouldn 't have to worry about taking it. It had been effective as far as not getting pregnant BUT it has had horrible side effects for me. 1. Mood swings (I 'm clinically bipolar and on mood stabilising medicine for that) it has HIGHLY agitated my moods. 2. Panic attacks/ anxiety. I 've never had them until I had this put in. 3. Headaches. 4. NO sex drive. 5. Extreme fatigue. I literally had no motivation to do anything no matter how much rest I got. 6. Continuous spotting for 6 months. I though that these symptoms would eventually wear off as my body got used to he meds. Not the case for me. Had it removed today.
My doctor switched me to this after having depression, anxiety and terrible cramps while taking Kariva. I 've been taking birth control for about 7 years now due to PCOS and I 've tried pretty much everything, nothing seems to be the right fit as of yet. I 've been on Altavera for 2 months and I 've gained  12 lbs already.  Aside from increased hunger, I 've noticed I 've had less cramping and my periods were lighter and for less days. I 've also had less mood swings. Aside from gaining weight, overall not bad.
I 've been on the Nuvaring for about 6 month now and I like the fact I can put it in and forget about it, but I 've had pretty bad side effects. Bad acne which I 've never had before. I 'm always miserable and depressed and my sex drive is gone. I didn 't gain any weight which was good because I don 't need it. I 've also been on six different pills. Everyone is different so you just got to find what fits you best and this wasn 't for me at all.
I 'm 25 years old and I 'm taking 10mg of Norvasc and 25mg of hydrochlorothiazide and at the moment I 'm not liking either of the medicines. Between stuffy nose, sore throat, increased thirst, dry mouth, severely dry skin, blurred vision, it makes me feel like its worse than having high blood pressure. My side effects are symptoms of an allergic reaction so maybe someone else might have better luck than me.
This was my first birth control method and I 'm never going back on it ever again. Nuva Ring messed with my emotions to the max. It was always two very different extremes- I felt really really good or freaking awful. And when it was awful, I mean it was awful. I cried over the littlest things and everything and anything made me angry and I couldn 't control it. It didn 't even make me gain weight but it just made me feel so ugly about myself. My boobs grew which was nice but that doesn 't even outweigh all the bad about it.
I 've been on Belviq for 3 days and have felt nothing. I haven 't felt the urge to eat less nor any side effects. Anybody want to share and let me know when I would start to feel something. Thanks
I was diagnosed with a UTI on Friday 11-06-15 and prescribed Cipro, while the urine culture was done. On Monday 11-09-15, the culture showed that Cipro was resistant and I was prescribed Macrobid, since it was sensitive. I have been feeling so tired that I missed 2 days of work from the fatigue and brain fog/confusion. The medication has taken care of the UTI but the side effects were more miserable than the UTI symptoms.
I have been using it for 24hrs on right side of my right knee. It works wonders.  So far no pain and it does last for 12hours for each application. I didn 't expect it to work so quickly.
I 've been on Procardia XL 60mg once daily for a few weeks and hate the side effects. It started out with simple tingling in hands, hyper active bowel sounds and some constiparion. Now I 'm experiencing fast heartbeat. Although it helps to stabilize my BP, it 's definitely not worth the ride effect especially the palpitations, which gets scary at times.  I plan on stopping this med and switching to something else asap!
I had taken Adderal for years.  90mg daily. It was suggested by my psychiatrist to start taking the Vyvanse.  I have really noticed a decrease in my energy level, and sometimes I struggle with motivation issues.  I take 70mg daily. I sometimes have to check to make sure that I did remember to take it that day.
I 've been on this medication for 8 days of the 14 day%u2019s supply from the Dr. I have some relief from the pain and pressure but the infection is still very much there. I%u2019m getting nervous that I may need a different medication. I have experienced the bad taste in my mouth and noticed a few hours after I take it and goes away. When I first started the medication I was having the weird hunger pains but as the times has gone by those have subsided. I haven%u2019t had diarrhea and that%u2019s a plus for sure. I have sinus issues and have for years. Most other medications seem to clear it up in a few days. I always finish medication as prescribed.
Heart medication has caused acute constipation. When I take miralax, I go get BMs, but the effect is that I am extremely gasey and each time gas passes, small amount of poop comes out. It keeps me running to the bathroom and holding gas day and night. Sometimes I get to where I cannot stand the constipation any longer and try the miralax again... same horrible results and never feel cleaned out.
Had mine placed in March, it was very painful but what the heck  5 years to not worry put me at ease. I work two jobs and I run 5 miles a day 5 times a week and at night I do weights and on the weekends I burn 1200 calories on my cross trainer every  Saturday and Sunday. I watch what I eat. I 've been the same size since high school. I am 45. I noticed a belly coming on and now I am size 13  I have gained 25 plus pounds and this is unexplainable. Massive headaches, back pains. Now my hair is starting to fall out. Some memory loss and at night I break out in heat sweats and can 't sleep or am so groggy I have to drink coffee. Non stop Migraines which make me nauseated.   I have been healthy and active since my mid 30 's getting out Monday.
I have only been on this birth control for a little over 2 weeks now. I have not been on birth control for over 3 years and had a baby almost a year ago. I quit breastfeeding and decided to go on birth control until me and my husband wanted to try for another. I put it in on the first day of my period like the pamphlet and my gyn told me and I have been bleeding for 2 weeks! I originally got online to see if other women had this happen and even called my gyno to make sure everything was ok. Apparently it is just breakthrough bleeding eventhough you would think that would only be during the middle of the month not for 2 weeks straight! There are no cramps and its very little but extremely annoying. I do like that I can take it out during sex.
Does not control or reduce outbursts of anger. Original dose 20mg, eventually doubled. Doubling had temporary short term benefit. However, there are no noticeable side effects.
I 've copped a dose of the shingles from the middle of my back wrapped around into my belly button on the right side. Doctors couldn 't work out the problem because the rash took 5 days to appear. The pain was very uncomfortable. Pain killers weren 't cutting the mustard. When the rash appeared the Doc put me straight onto lyrica 75mg once a day. Had the pill before bed then for the next 3 days had a migraine so intense that all i could think of is please wear off and give me the shingles pain back. So lyrica did stop the nerve pain but i developed side effects. Just not for every one.
I was prescribed Sprintec because of longer than usual periods- I had three that lasted up to 11 days each. I started Sprintec 24 days ago, on the day my period started, and it hasn 't ended yet. I 've never missed a pill. I didn 't get acne or nausea or mood swings or weight gain, but a 24 day long period (and counting) is definitely not what I signed up for. I 'm going back to my doctor to switch off it immediately.
I take 50 mg Metoprolol ER at 8pm. At 11 pm intake 80 mg Valsartan.I Awake around 3 am with bp way up, like 175/56 .All day and evening it is in a pretty good range.It seems the Valsartan increases rather than decreases bp!
Ten long days. Too many pills; just finish treatment today. Side effects are bad. EAT WELL BEFORE PILLS AND MAKE SURE YOU DRINK LOTS AND LOTS OF WATER.
Weight gain (more than when I was pregnant), irritability (I don 't want to be bothered by anyone or anything), acne, decreased sex drive.. it 's the only birth control that I haven 't gotten pregnant on, but it 's not worth it because of the person I 've become. Taking it out soon.
This is my 2nd time using suprep and god I don 't miss it, I had completely forgotten what it tasted like. While it does its job quickly and efficiently, it is the WORST tasting medicine for bowel prep that I 've ever had. I have had multiple surgeries and I would have to say, next time I need something else. I cannot hold more than half of it down without almost getting sick. Honestly it would be so much better without any flavor. The only other downside is, you need to be near the toilet for the next few hours.
I 've been on Pritiq two years now and it 's a nightmare to get off of them.  I wish I would have never started them going off of them is so hard the side effects are probably close to an addict coming off drugs.  I 've only missed a dose and I feel like hell. DO NOT GO ON THEM TRY ANOTHER ANTIDEPRESSANT!!If I knew then what I know now about the withdrawal effects I would have stayed on Citalipram.  as Pritiq is time released pill you can 't just take a smaller dose to go off.  Living nightmare as I don 't find much benefit from them for depression and now I can 't get off them without feeling like I 'm going insane.
I have been on Microgestin 1/20 for about three weeks now and the side effects were not shy. First two days I had bad migraines, the third and fourth had cramps and the fifth to seventh day I was extremely depressed. I cried over almost everything and anything. Starting the second week it seemed like things were going okay until I started bleeding and it hasn 't stopped. Isn 't that the whole purpose? I got over my period two and a half weeks ago and now I 'm getting it again and there are no signs of it stopping anytime soon. Good thing is I don 't have mood swings or anything anymore but this excessive bleeding is now the problem.
Trying out this medication for a severe ear infection. 10 days of Amoxicillin did not work so Doctor told me to take this. The side effects sound scary but the long term result of no ear infection should outweigh the other stuff. I will try and report my findings after the 10 day run.
I 'm very happy to see I am not the only one going through hell. This product definitely causes itching and burning . I 'm 24 hours in and I have to say; I probably felt better before taking this medicine. I hope it pays off but the healing process feels like hot sauce was poured on you!
I was diagnosed with bipolar, PTSD and depression. I was put on lithium and seroquel about 5 months ago. Lithium makes it so I don 't feel .....anything. And seriously I take around 6pm and the next morning I feel like a zombie. Half the time I can 't even get out of bed to go to work. All I want to do All day is sleep. I 've told my doctor but he keeps telling me to give it some more time....... I have kids I have to take care of, but I feel so tired and lazy on seroquel. Only upside is it does help me sleep throughout then night instead of being awake depressing about my life. Lithium, not sure what it does to me but tries to block my emotional feelings which is good and bad at the same time. I still feel sadness though. Everyday.
I was on the depo for about 5 years. I stopped taking it February of 2015 and then I got pregnant in July of 2015. The reason why I stopped taking it was to give my body a break. You shouldn 't not have a period that 's part of being a woman but I liked the idea. I only got on the shot because I had really bad migraines and really bad cramps. It all went away when I got my first shot. So that was all good. But then I started taking the shot after I had my daughter and it 's been the worst experience yet. I was without the shot for almost a year and when I started taking it again I had extreme anxiety (I still do I just stopped taking the shot) I have had weight loss and gain. mood swings and depression. Wouldn 't take this shot again.
Right after taking Macrobid for my urinary tract infection I started feeling sick and really tired. When I went to lay down I had vomiting. Macrobid works but the side effects are terrible.
I started valsartan a month ago. I am experiencing, hair loss, Bodyaches, heart palpitations, my head throbs, anxiety, but that could be from My heart racing at times. (Which is something that has never happened to me until I was put on this medicine). It seems like my vision is blurry at times. My blood pressure runs about 135/85. Although some days I check it and it 's all over the place. My face also is flush since starting this medication.
I began taking this birth control about 7 months ago. Upon taking it during the first month, I experienced severe nausea, headaches and a HEAVY period with the worst cramps I have ever had. Each month alternates with irregular bleeding (getting my period before the placebo pill week) with cramps which might be due to a wrong prescription. I have gained 7 pounds despite doing crossfit 4 times a week, retaining fat around my mid section. Also, I have been moody, anxious, and have had continuous night sweats and headaches. I will be getting off of this pill asap after realizing that this medication is not worth the horrible side effects. I keep giving it another month to see if it will get better but it hasn 't.
I started at a 1/4 dose (2.5mg) and couldn 't make it past day 6. I didn 't have the vomiting that others report, but it destroyed my appetite. And then gave me diarrhea. Fastest 5lbs I ever lost. But moreover, it felt like I 'd taken a bad amphetamine. It made me INCREDIBLY anxious; heart racing; waking at 5AM in a panic. I 've taken SSRI 's before--this was something more/different. There were a few glimmers around day 5 when I felt my mood was better (kind of like the kick you get from a cup of coffee) but the rest was unmanageable.
I am a 28 years old and have acne. I went to a dermatologist and he prescribed this to me. I used it for about 4 months and it did nothing for me.  It is expensive even with insurance.
Doesn 't help my pain.
I was prescribed Levaquin for a sinus infection-on the up-side, the sinus infection is gone. But after taking the second dose, I started itching all over esp. my face 
18mg dose, day 1. Was hungover so took paracetamol, had taken ritalin as a kid and this is the first time I had meds in years, had a migraine, was irritable, tunnel vision, extreme anxiety almost brought to tears, slight suicidal tendancies, hallucinations relating to anxiety and had a hard time articulating myself as my memory was shot and my thoughts were rapid and I felt impulsive and dehydrated very easily, however I feared worse effects from withdrawels so I took it again the next day and I played abit of guitar and that set my mood for the whole day, constantly euphoric. ive just passed day 3 and hardly felt any effect off the drug, overall remained productive and achieved everything I wanted even on worst day. Will see how it goes.
Superprep  actually cleaned my system out really well. But it 's the worst tasting, I almost threw it up several times while drinking it. I had to keep a glass of water and drink it in between. I tried to chug it so it would be faster but that just made the gagging worse. I personally would never use this product again.
I really wanted to love this because the benefits are pretty sweet. Haven 't had my period in 6 months, sex any time without worrying, and I can 't forget to take it. However, I have experienced a lot of negative consequences when it comes to this. Since getting it implanted 4/2015, I have gained a total of 19lbs. My doctor asked how much my lifestyle has changed, and if anything--it 's gotten better. Back in the spring I was eating out all the time, but since the summer I 've been working like crazy, exercising more and more, and eating healthier. All in all *I* would not do it again. However, it affects different people different ways. I would never say don 't try it. Talk with your doc and use your best judgement.
Okay I haven 't been on this pill very long, but my doctor prescribed it to me for heavy bleeding and intense cramps. He told me to skip the brown pills and start a new pack instead. Doing that I wasn 't supposed to have a period at all. Well that isn 't the case at all. The last two days have been pure hell with cramps. (worse than before) And I 'm bleeding heavier than usual ( I didn 't think it was possible). Not to mention the migranes are unreal.
Was not pleased with this drug.
Whoever designed the applicator tube doesn 't have their head screwed on correctly! It was difficult applying it since it 's designed with sharp rounded edges. It hurts to even insert it, worse after applying it literally started burning very, very badly! I have never felt anything pain burning sensation inside my vagina after trying to treat a yeast infection. I usually buy the knock off brands (Walgreens,CVS) but seriously never had any horrible experiences like I did with Monistat. Ladies look elsewhere or go see your Dr. I personally don 't recommended this product at all.
I took Naproxen for a week without taking Omeprazole.  The doctor had said I should only take the Omeprazole if needed. By the time I needed it , the damage had been done.  I had chronic gastritis (inflammation of the stomach lining) caused by the Naproxen. You must take both at the same time. I was in agony.
My daughter will be one this week. She was put on cefdinir for an ear infection that didn 't clear after amoxicillin treatment. Today (third day) she broke out in hives on her back,chest and neck. She also has nasty reddish diarrhea that is giving her an awful diaper rash. The doctor told me to stop the medicine, give her benadryl and bring her for an appointment tomorrow morning. She is clearly allergic.
I wish I had found this site last year because I would have never gotten this. Now  I 'm one and a  half years in, before I used to have light 4 day periods but now they 're light but 2 weeks long. I never have sex anymore because my periods are so irregular and I had no clue. So many others complained about fatigue. I am always tired. I can 't use the pill because I smoke and I am terrified to get Mirena out. I had the worst insertion where the first one bent and they had to shove the second one in. I went into shock and couldn 't feel my arms or legs for 20 mins. Removal is sure to be difficult with my luck. And who knows if and how long it will take to feel normal again? Every doctor I 've talked to says I am the exception but is this said to us just so they can keep selling these?
I have been on this brand not a whole yr now and I have experienced mood changes and my sex drive is down the drain. The thought of sex is not appealing at all. I have noticed when I take the pill at night before bed I instantly have cravings but luckily I 'm able to control it to avoid weight gain. The only best thing from this experience is not getting pregnant which I have no sex drive like I 'd mentioned. In my opinion no birth control is perfect or good for you physically or mentally but we all need something to help to avoid pregnancy.
Took it over a week ago for a mild yeast infection. Cleared up the yeast problem quick but since I took it I 've had red welts and itchy hives all over my body.
I began taking this pill in May, after having my second child. The nurse at the clinic told me to wait at least three months, as the symptoms would subside. They didn 't. I have experienced irregular bleeding, heavier than normal bleeding, cramping, my skin looks worse than it ever has, the bloating is TERRIBLE - I have gained 15 pounds since starting this pill, I 've had more headaches, severe fatigue, and have been just down right moody. It has done the job of preventing pregnancy, but then again it has given me the sex-drive of an elderly woman. Would not recommend.
The medication, at first, did was it was supposed to do. I was a shut in with some paranoia thrown in and hadn 't left my house in over a year, except to go to doctors appointments and get groceries in the house. At first I found the medication got me out and about and got me back into the real world. I signed up for college, got in contact with friends I hadn 't talked with in ages, and started living again. For that, this drug was fine. Then the side effects started kicking in. Keep in mind I was on 2mg of this drug and even then the side effects were bad enough to knock me OUT of college and suffer something called &quot;Depersonalization through Disassociation&quot;. One of the scariest experiences I think I 've ever had. I don 't recommend it.
39 yo male. Diagnosed with hypogonadism following a rather rapid loss of erections in Nov. 2015. Unable to maintain a normal erection. Loss of libido. Doctor found low testosterone as the issue. Levels were between 175 and 275; free testosterone at 6.2.  I was prescribed Androderm 2mg patches and wore them for three weeks. Brought my T levels up to 350. My urologist upgraded me to the 4mg patch and wore those for approximately 2 weeks. While on the 2mg patch I noted irritation at the site beginning after about 7-10 days. I was rotating application sites as instructed but the reaction continued to get worse. Ended up switching to Axiron because the reaction to the patches was becoming severe/extreme. I was covered in itchy spots.
I had been on Lo Seasonique before and it was AMAZING and it cleared my skin and made me lose weight so needless to say I wasn 't happy when the army clinic I had to go to didn 't carry it. They gave me this and said it was just like my previous birth control and its NOT. I 've gained almost 4lbs in the first month and its given me such painful cramps. They keep me up at night and make me want to vomit, decreased sexual desire. The only up side is I 'm not pregnant.
Just another addictive pill
I tried Qsymia for 9 days. I lost 8 pounds but had too many side effects. I felt like I was going to pass out at church one Sunday. I got extremely agitated. That was just NOT me. I stopped taking it because I got into an argument with the pharmacist and cried all the way home. I turned into someone I didn 't like.
I 've been taking this for 7 days and I can feel it changes me.  I feel somewhat depressed, breakout and angry all the time I hate it need to change it for something else ugh again!!!
I 've been on this pill for 3 months and 5 days and I want to die. My moderate acne has gotten worse. So bad that get big cystic pimples all over. I also have a bunch of white heads and my forehead is bumpy. My anger is out the roof and the first 2 months my boobs felt like they were going to fall off. I 'm willing to stick it out to the 5th month but if not I will be getting off this pill
This drug did not work for me as I am unable to take any hormones. I managed to take it for 8 weeks before stopping. I started getting a period after about week 6 and it continued on and off right up until I stopped taking the drug. When I started getting my period I still had the same symptoms (severe cramping, back pain, exhaustion, etc) that I started taking the drug for to begin with.
My son was 7 when he started taking Adderall for his Aspergers Syndrome.  He was overweight but after taking the medication for 1.5 years, lost a lot of weight.  He is not a picky eater but his appetite was non-existent.  There was nothing I could do to get him to eat.  We did have to change his medicines and he has since put some weight back on.The medicine did do for us what we needed it to do which was help with his impulsivity.
I am 23, for age reference. My mother talked me into getting this back in February (2014). Since then, I have had horrendous breakouts on my cheeks, chest and my back; I haven 't had problems with acne ever. When I don 't wear makeup, my face is paler than usual. My energy is gone, I 've become anemic and like most others, sex sounds  'meh. ' I have had maybe ten days of NON bleeding. I swear I keep Kotex in business. As far as the birth control aspect, it works great; I don 't want to get it on at all! I 'm giving it until August (the 6th month mark) to see if my body accepts it. However, at this point, I 'm over it.
Found this medication to be non-effective; lost a few pounds at first ; but at full dosage, the medication made me so nauseous and then ended up to be non-effective at all, didn 't lose any additional weight.
After taking one dose of the Sudafed 24 it started to help me but it only lasted 8 hours. So I waited a full 24 hours before I took a second dose and it made me feel jittery and my heart was racing. Tried to eat and drink something but it didn%u2019t help. 
This made me very tired. Definitely helps if you have insomnia, but makes it pretty much impossible to have a normal day 's worth of activity. If you try to force yourself to wake up early, you will be rewarded with dizziness, headache, and overwhelming fatigue. A good sleep, but didn 't really help my depression.
While it did make the pain stop, it didn 't help the other symptoms I have.  It also left a dull aching pressure in my face, made my chest hurt, and my hair felt as though it was being pulled.  I found out later it is not supposed to be used by people who 've had atypical migraines, which I 've had.
I wanted this to work out so badly, since it is this is the most effective birth control out there, but, I just couldn 't tolerate the side effects. Spotting became unpredictable and lasted for several weeks at a time, mood swings started shortly after I got this in, and I gained a bit of weight (~5 lbs.) The deal breaker was the near complete loss of my sex drive, I didn 't want the method of birth control to be &quot;have no desire to touch your husband!&quot; It 's been out for a bit longer than a week, and the spotting stopped in a couple days, the desire for my husband came back in just under a week, and my moods have leveled a bit; I feel more like myself again.
Yo so I was prescribed Zoloft for Depression, Adult Major Depressive Disorder, and PTSD. It has only been a couple months so maybe I 'm not one to judge yet. I guess I feel okay. Like I feel less extremely depressed, I 'm still a sad girl tho, and honestly I feel like I could stop and feel pretty much the same. Although withdrawals are a bitch. There have been weekends where I have left my pills somewhere or not gotten a re-up from my doc and believe me my boyfriend, friends, and fam can all tell something is up when i 'm not on my meds. I 'm just quicker to react to shit and not really okay and feel kinda insane. I 'm getting off Zoloft now. I wouldn 't say it was bad I just need more help. I didn 't feel motivated to do anything ever. soo... :/ yah
I was treated with this antibiotic for 3 miserable months. It worked. However my side effects ranged from developing alopecia, feeling extremely exhausted all the time, pins and needles sensation that caused permemant nerve damage, and the list goes on.
I was prescribed this medication because my insurance wasn 't covering my previous medication which worked just right for me.  This medication does ease the stomach pain but it gives me a nasty headache.  The last headache that I had that was contributed by this medication lasted 5 days!  Once I came to the realization that it was the Pantoprazole 40mg I stopped taking them and the headache went away.
I have Dysthymia so I have to take medication all the time. This one is terrible for me. While it kept me from becoming suicidal... well that was the only thing it did. I was so low energy I could barely do anything and couldn 't concentrate on anything. I think it 's good I don 't drive. I took it whenever things were at their worst but had to stop when I became a bit better because it created a ceiling. Stopped it and used techniques given by therapists and I was able to be somewhat functional again.
I was on Depo from the ages of 17-21 with absolutely NO problems, NO bleeding, it stopped my periods completely, NO side effects. I went back on the depo August 2013 (currently ages 25-27) and have been getting the shots every 3 months on the first date they are due. I have been spotting/bleeding almost the whole time. When I have sex it seems to make me bleed more. Everything has been ruled out and its just been blamed as a side effect of the Depo from my doctor. I also managed to get pregnant and have a miscarriage while on the shot/on time with each due date. The longer I am on this the more side effects I am starting to get (acne, SEVERE depression, anxiety, and mood swings.) I recommend for younger only.
I had 1 stent placed March 2017. put on Brilinta 90 mg twice a day with baby aspirin in the morning. Shortness of breath started a week and 1/2 into cardio rehab. Was told as long as I could handle the shortness of breath it was more important to continue taking the drug. I called cardiologist about an inhaler. This time I am told that is for my primary to deal with. I am tired always, nap almost daily and now am anaemic. The anaemia adds to the shortness of breath and fatigue. I have also developed PICA. All I want to eat are dry rolled oats. I assume for the starch because it sure isn 't for the taste. I can 't wait for my one year to be over. The upper and lower GI I now have coming up are not what I planned on.
Been on Synthroid for years, due to insurance mandates, was switched to Levothyroxine generics. Too many manufacture changes when I get Rx renewals.  This last time, after 2 months of experiencing intermittent and then continual eruptions of hives/intensive itching - where I would scratch myself causing bleeding during my sleep - I think I have narrowed it down to my latest Rx of this generic.  I had completed the usual routine of how to find out what was causing my hives/itching - and finally, the other day I figured it happened about the time I started my new RX.  I know it is not good, but I didn 't take my levo for two days and my itching has stopped, my skin is beginning to heal.  I found an older bottle of levo and am using it.
I was prescribed vyvanse chewable 30 mg in the am and 30 at noon. I loved it, but had a month where I didn 't take it regularly at noon. Dr suggested this because of the extended release. 2 weeks in: My sleep is concerning. I haven 't hit rem in 3 days now. I have no appetite even in the am before I take the mydayis. I have to force feed myself, even icecream is a struggle after the 3rd bite. The 2-3 hours after I take it I feel lost, can 't track conversations,  no/minimal recall, I can 't even prioritize. After those hours things level out a bit, but I don 't have the motivation I had with Vyvanse. I believe there is link between loss of quality sleep and stuggling to meet my dietary requirements and how the drug affects me.
I was prescribed Abilify 15mg in addition to Depakote 1g daily for bipolar affective disorder and my mood was stabilised but it wad constantly low and on the edge. I was heavily sedated that I slept 15 hours a day and when I was awake I didn 't feel  'completely there ', and I also had blurred vision. I was taken off the Abilify and put onto Quetiapine and was more alert and my vision improved, so in my case Abilify really didn 't suit me.
I am on my third day of taking this now. First day: mild headache that got worse as the day went on, mild upset stomach, sleeping normal, itchy at night.Second day: bouts of nausea, strange uncomfortable feeling, hot and cold flashes, not a good sleep, itchy at night (worse).Third day: Feel really moody, negative and I have a strange feeling, also exhausted.It clearly isn 't for me. I don 't feel like &quot;myself&quot; in three days? Kind of scary.
I am on my first pack, one and a half weeks before my placebo week. I had dark brown spotting for three weeks, starting the second month. It has progressed into a period. I 'm going to do one more pack to see if anything changes, but this is a horrible side effect. I chose Jolessa because I 'm a newly wed and I didn 't want as many periods. In addition to the spotting, my sex desire doesn 't exist. This is very challenging, as my breasts have grown significantly and my husband like breasts. On a positive note, I didn 't get pregnant while I was able to have sex. That 's wonderful. Now, I can 't get pregnant because I 'm not having sex. Thanks Jolessa.
I 've had Mirena for about a year didn 't have a single period now out of no where I had a period for two weeks and now I 'm bleeding so heavily. I have headaches cramping and my acne is breaking out horribly.
I 've had this since May 2015 and I 'm over it! 2 weeks after it was inserted, had a period that NEVER ended until August! it varies in how heavy the spotting was but it was never heavy, but enough to constantly have to wear a liner. since then, I 've had spotting that lasts roughly 2 weeks every 2 months! my face breaks out so bad, proactive and clearasil doesn 't even work. I 've gained 20 POUNDS since it was put in and it 's only January! I thought it was just my eating habits but I don 't eat more than I did before it was inserted. haven 't gotten pregnant, so I guess there 's a plus..
Pros: Did not get pregnant. Not very painful (removal kind of sucked). Cons: Minor acne at the beginning of implant. General feeling of depression/moodiness (Admittedly this was WAY worse when I took Orth Tri Low dosage). Weight gain (Take this with a grain of salt - I was not watching my eating habits at all in 2015). Constant bleeding (maybe 2 days a month I wasn 't bleeding). Duration: April 2015-January 19, 2016 (9 months)I had it removed because I couldn 't deal with the bleeding and moodiness. Everybody reacts differently, but it was just not worth it for me.
I took 2 Bonine tablets (1-2 tabs recommended on label) and felt ok - was able todrive and go to places.  Took another one before bed and I overslept only to wake up with a heavy headedness, like I was on antidepressants. Did not like the feeling and did not want to go driving under these conditions.
I started off with having a yeast infection and I tried treating it as such. Then I got symptoms of a UTI. Horrible burning, itchy sensation. I started taking Cipro on Friday, 2 days ago, and I 'm still having issues. I don 't know if it 's working or not because just when I think it 's getting better then blood will show up and I don 't think it 's menstrual blood. I 'll probably have to go back to the doctor at some point. And now my labia hurts, I 'm walking funny and freaking ashamed to go out of my room!! This is awful!!
I took Seasonique for only two weeks, but I quit because of the severe and immediate mood changes I experienced while on it.  I have an anxiety disorder, and when I started taking Seasonique, I started feeling more irritated/anxious.  After that, my mood plummeted into a depression.  I felt like crying or screaming all the time.  I also developed acne, breast tenderness, and extreme bloating.  When I stopped the pill, I started a period even though I had a period two weeks prior.  When I stopped taking Seasonique, my mood improved.  I have taken the pill before and never had this reaction.  I am now going to get the Mirena IUD to treat my endometriosis/adenomyosis.
While on Lexapro, I had the best and worst times of my life. I switched to Lexapro from Paxil in college and it made an immediate difference -- no more brain fog or fatigue, and all the anxiety fighting effects. I was very happy and able to deal with the high stress of superior achievement in a difficult major. However, one night I had too much to drink (not high enough BAC for alcohol poisioning, just more than I was used to) and woke up the next morning a fearful, panicked, and emotional wreck. That was over 2 and 1/2 yrs ago and I am still not the same person I used to be. I can 't say for sure that the Lexapro and the alcohol caused this major change in me, but my time on Lexapro has certainly shown me the polar opposites of my life.
I 've been on Contrave about a month - started the four pills ( 2 am, 2 pm) this week. I have definitely suffered the nausea and dizziness. It has definitely curbed my cravings - mostly because I feel too nauseous to think about food or drink. I 've lost a few lbs, but not sure the side effects are worth it for me. I 'm going to continue a few more weeks and hope the new dosage settles in and the side effects lessen.
I took one pill earlier thinking it was a slower release of a pill, woke up after midnight with the worst abdominal pain and nausea. I was needing relief, but was not expecting to be in this much pain.
I started taking this pill around 7 months ago to treat my extreme mood swings. The first month included some nausea, but everything else seemed fine. As the months have gone on, I 've experience heavier spotting in between my scheduled periods and lighter periods because of that. This last month I didn 't even have my period. I am currently on day 10 of my weird spotting when I should be having my period (on day 1 of placebo pill). I also am experiencing some bloating and nausea. It has really helped with the mood swings, but this nasty spotting all the time isn 't any good.
I am 62 years old and have been on the generic Flomax for about two years now.I have noticed a big improvement in my ability to urinate and I no longer have problems starting a stream. Also, it no longer takes a long time to fully empty my bladder. (No more starting and stopping several times).My only problem is the sexual side effect of no ejaculation when I have an orgasm it bothers me that when.Obviously, this is not normal!
I 've had the nexplanon for a little over a year. Before that, I was on depo for about 4 1/2 years. Because of the depo I wasn 't having any periods so I didn 't experience any bleeding on nexplanon. But I definitely had a decreased sex drive, I didn 't even let my boyfriend touch me because it just seemed off putting. My weight also ballooned. I gained 60 lbs in the matter of a few months (I am not exaggerating). For the purpose of stopping pregnancy, it definitely works, but I 'm moody, depressed, fat and just plain unhappy with everything. I 'm calling my doctor today to have it removed.
For me, Prozac was unfortunately not so much of a success. I didn 't feel worse but I didn 't feel great either. I started taking it in Oct 2016 with a dose of 10 mg, then upped to 20mg and eventually to 40 mg. So really I changed doses 3 times in 3 months. (Which is probably not the best since you don 't get to get use to the drug.) but anyways I wasn 't feeling any better. Still felt down and very depressed. My psychiatrist has officially switched me to Venlafaxine (which I 'm afraid of, since the reviews of that drugs aren 't all positives). I have to say,  while on the Prozac,  sometimes I felt good but the majority of the time, I felt very depressed (not because of the drug). My side effects were fatigue and diarrhea.
I was on birth control pills (Ortho Tricyclen Lo) for about 7 years. My DR told me I have high blood pressure. She thought it would be a good idea to get off the birth control pills to see if that was the main cause of the high blood pressure &amp; recommended that I go on Depo instead.  She told me I could get the shot right there and then, and then I would have to come back in 3 months and get another shot. I have only been on Depo for 2 months. The first month I never got my period. The second month I 've had my period for 3 weeks. I can 't have sex because I 'm bleeding, I 'm crabbier/moodier then usual. I can fall asleep just fine but I wake up at 5am every morning and can 't fall back to sleep. Never had this happen before.
My greatest mistake with Restoril 30mg was taking the medication prior to my sleep cycle.  Because I was so deprived of sleep, I took the medication at 9pm which is approximately 2 hours before my bedtime.  &quot;At bedtime&quot; refers to an individual 's bedtime; therefore, I was awake all night! This medication must be taken specifically and shortly before an individual 's bedtime. Silly me.  My physician explained why I did not sleep that evening and gave me at full description of sleep cycle which changed a sleepless night into a somewhat sleep full night; about 4-5 hours.
Posted about a year ago here after I first started a 500 mg nightly regimen of Niaspan. For awhile it appeared as though I would not have the usual side effect of burning skin. However, the Acid reflux I began experiencing began to worsen over time along with gastric problems at night.  Then as an active person who is involved in teaching Cardio Boxing classes I began to experience weird feelings in my chest along with a more pronounced heart beat during and after exercise. Felt like I swallowed a Basketball at times. Also could not have any alcohol Beer or Wine while taking this. I decided to stop taking it in fear of creating an Arrythmyia or Stroke during my exercise which also is my Job. This is day one off of it and feel better.
The side effects were pretty brutal as I was taking this and Clindamycin. Constant pain in the liver area, along with nausea...I am hoping it worked to be rid of the infection. 
Pros: Minimal cramping. Light period that just resembled spotting. No mood changes.Cons: Sky-rocketing blood pressure (up 20 points for both numbers). To the point of Hypertension II.
I have chronic pelvic pain from endometriosis and chronic back pain (lumbar radiculopathy, spinal stenosis, bulging and dried out discs) that began after tearing a ligament near my spine. I was prescribed one 40mg ER tablet every 12 hours. While it did reduce my pain to a 3 from an 8, it also gave me a horrible headache, made me nauseated, caused me to feel hot, and made me sweat. After only 3 days on this &quot;medicine,&quot; I had to stop taking it because I could not tolerate  those horrid side effects. The only reason I gave it a 3 out of 10 is that it did relieve the pain, but the benefits did not outweigh the nasty side effects. This stuff seemed like pure poison to me. TAKE THIS MEDICATION WITH EXTREME CAUTION
I have been taking the pill for about 5 months and I 've noticed a few things. PROS: I haven 't gotten pregnant!! My periods are 4 days on the dot and I don 't have any acne or cramping. CONS: I 've always cried easily but now I cry at least once a day if not more. I am irritable and can get extremely angry very easily and I used to be a very easy going person. My period doesn 't start until my 3rd or 4th placebo pill. I get nauseated in cars if I am not the driver. I crave weird food that I never usually eat and I 'm exhausted all the time.
Diovan HCT induced disturbing psychedelic dreams and headache.  There is an unpublished academic article on the web about how once daily dosing of Diovan may induce psychedelic dreams and that twice daily dosing may relieve the problem. Novartis, the manufacturer, doesn 't list this troubling side-effect!
I 've been on micronor for about 4 months, the first 3 months were perfect getting my period roughly a month apart at a time. This past month it seems I have gotten my period every other week! Which is annoying!! My MD said it may take around 3 months to regulate my cycle but it seems my body is doing the opposite. Frustrated because I smoke and this birth control was the safest option for me. Looks like things have to change. 
The not-so-bad:  I 'm apparently one of the lucky people not to experience significant side effects.  No GI issues or nausea, although I always take with food.  The bad:  No positive effects, either.  Titrated quickly up to 20 mg, and in over a year Trintellix has done zilch to control my depression (or anxiety).  My doctor likes it for some reason and has kept trying to augment it with various meds, with little success and many bad experiences.  I 've advised him I 'm stopping it. Trintellix might work for mild/moderate depression, but for my MDD, it completely lacks horsepower.  It 's like trying to put out a house fire with a water pistol.  I could just as well take Tic Tacs...at least they 'd give me fresh breath
I did not like this drug at all, had to switch over to it when Loestrin discontinued. My skin was the worst its ever been and I gained weight (I 'd been on birth control for 8 years before this and never gained). Some months I would have severe hemorrhagic bleeding with clots and other months no period at all. I thought maybe because it was a chewable I wasn 't getting the full dose of the drug so I started swallowing it whole but nothing changed. I have been off for 4 months and my periods now last 3 days and I have little to no cramping.
This is my 4th pack and I 'm not loving it.  I 'm gaining weight, constant burning sensation on my right side, losing hair like crazy, no sex drive, and am now a hyperchondriac.  I got on it because I was bleeding very heavy after 3 kids 2 weeks straight.  I have to say, the plus side is, I do have my period between 2-4 days and is light.  Is anyone experiencing what I 'm going through?
I have had the skyla in for over 3 months now and getting it taken out in a few days. Ever since getting it put in, I 've gotten very sick. At first I thought I had Lyme disease (achey joints, vertigo, dizziness, severe fatigue, inability to lose weight, headaches, cramping) but now realize all these symptoms started after I got it put in. The fatigue, joint pain, and general weakness are what I am suffering from the most and I pray to God my symptoms get better once it 's out. I didn 't think such a low hormone dose could affect me as much as it has, but I 've already gained 20 lbs and ready to get my life back.
I have only been on it for three days and I am already debating on whether or not to stop. It makes me feel like I 'm drunk without the happy feeling. I hope it gets better because I really need something to help stop my anxiety and panic attacks.
I was put on Nora-be because I was having ocular migraines and have symptoms of raynauds phenom, apparently these are contraindications for the combo bc pill. Unfortunately, I have had quite a few issues on the Nora be.  First, mood lability, and as another writer posted, my fianc
I hate this thing. When I first got it, I read all the horror stories and bad reviews and was very nervous. I had a friend who had the nexplanon though and she had a fantastic experience so I thought I 'd take the risk and get it. Worst decision ever. Little would I know the next 15 months would consist of ridiculous bleeding, headaches, cramps, heat flashes, and COUNTLESS embarrassing moments. I 'm 19 and have bled through so much clothing, stuffing toilet paper in my underwear in public as if I was just learning how to deal with a period, and more. I do not recommend this at ALL. I guess the only positive thing I can say is that I 'm not pregnant 
I had my Implanon inserted in November 2 years ago. I have been waiting and waiting, thinking my body would get used to this. It hasn 't at all. Before the Implanon, I was on Yaz. I had no acne, very light periods lasting 3-4 days, no weight gain, no mood swings, nothing. I just had a big problem with remembering to take the pill. So I decided to switch to Implanon since I wouldn 't have to remember anything. I now have horrible acne, I have gained about 15 pounds, I have bad mood swings and my periods are absolutely terrible. I will have heavy bleeding for about a week, then light bleeding for another week, and then spotting for another week. I 'll be off for about 2 weeks, then start the whole cycle over again.
I just started the generic this week. I 'm having a horrible time. I feel more motivated to get up and do things and feel more talkative, but I 'm having horrible headaches, dizziness, dry mouth, and very sick to my stomach. Still deciding if it 's worth hanging in there to see if the side effects subside as I get used to the medicine.
I take 200mg of trazadone every night and still do not sleep all night  Have began to notice night sweats every night  wake up all clothing and bed damp from the sweats, any one else have this problem ? I have been taking this med for two years and this has just started recently . Not a comfortable feeling and still no real sleep .
I think it works for my sciatica but I 'm unusually weak after I wake up.
A very simple birth control to use.. I couldn 't remember pills so I was on the ring for almost 3 years (I 'm now 29).  My sex drive has been reduced to nothing, except late in my period, not coincidentally when the ring has been out the longest.  My periods are short, only about 2 1/2 days of light flow, but the cramps start 2 days before that and last right up til I put the next ring in.  Worst of all is the depression and mood swings.  I have a great life, but when my husband asks what I want for lunch, that has been enough to reduce me to literal tears lately. Also, I 've gained nearly 40 pounds despite being more active than ever.  I just came back from the gyno and got a copper (non-hormonal IUD) inserted today.
I started Otezla Nov 2016. I don 't find it effective for my Moderate to Severe psoriasis at all in fact I 'm having breakouts in places that never had them before and to make my issues worse I 'm riddled with pain unlike anything I had ever felt in my 42 yrs of being a psoriasis suffer. The worse pains happen when walking and I can only pin point 2 possible reasons for the pain OTEZLA or SYNTHROID or Combo of both. I started Otezla and Synthroid roughly same time but after reading many post the pain seems common with both meds. Personally I could try and deal with pain if Otezla worked better or at least not break me out in areas that never had them. I eat a little before and after taking the pill and have not suffered Diarrhea or Nausea all.
I am on this medicine for couples months now and have gained weight and my depression came back full force. Very sad, no sex drive and 15 more pounds.
I have been on this for like 3 days so I have no feedback as to how it actually works, BUT the packaging in which it comes in is freaking terrible. Every time I try to pop a pill out, the packaging rips. I 'm purely leaving this review in the hopes that someone at Glenmark sees it and does something about it. Seriously. It is virtually non-functional.
I have the same problem.  Have been taking it &quot;continuously&quot; for several months to treat heavy, irregular periods.  Now, I have spotting/bleeding every day (at least 3/4 of the month).   Also, like other person who posted, I have large clots.
I was put on effexor for severe depression at 75mg.  This got raised every time it stopped working until I reached 225mg.  I was on it for about 3 years.  To be fair it worked really well the first 2 years.  BUT, after the second year I went flat, felt No emotion at all, didn 't care about anyone or anything.  It was worse than the depression that I was originally treated for!  Then came the time to get off of it.  This was like hell!  I have had to detox from opiates in the past and that was a piece of cake compared to this.  It took me over a year to get off of it and ended up taking tiny beads until I was well enough to stop.     If you can avoid this medicine do it!!
Took this at night while waiting on an Allegra order. It was not terribly effective on my indoor/outdoor allergies. I felt marginally less wheezy at night, but my nose was stuffed and eyes itchy the next morning.On top of that, it makes me sluggish and stupid for a solid 24 hours. Forget drinking on this pill; the alcohol will go straight to your head. Granted, the label says all of this, but these itty-bitty pills aren 't effective enough to be worth it.
I got the liletta inserted in August 2016. I have never had children so the insertion process was horribly painful. I cramped afterwards for about 3 days. My first period with liletta was unbearable! I went to my doctor because the cramps were so bad I thought something was seriously wrong. It also lasted 2 weeks which a normal period for me is about 2-4 days. She said with it being my first period with the IUD it was completely normal. My second period I had no pain but was still bleeding for about 2 weeks. It starts out as brown spotting for about 4 days and then bright red bleeding for 4 days and back to brown spotting for another 4-6 days. It 's been so annoying!!! Totally interferes with my sex life. I also am experiencing alot of acne.
Honestly, it seemed to make my face appear shiny/greasy and though it cleared up my moderate acne slightly, it did not make the redness/possible scarring areas go away on my cheeks as well the excessive pimples on my forehead. Talking to my doctor soon about a possible better acne solution.Didn 't work for me, but hope it worked for everyone else!
Have been on this medication for 10  years.  Didn 't realize that side effects crept up very slowly.  I have an entire list of side effects but the highest on my list are extreme fatigue, trouble breathing, gradual worsening depression and just a massive feeling of unwell.  Besides Benicar, I only take Zantac for GERD issues (which popped up after I began taking Benicar).  I used to be a healthy active man, now I am a sad sick mess.  If I only knew what this medication was doing to me way back then...
Took antibiotics and got a yeast infection went to the Drs they prescribed Monistat 3. Took it for the 3 days still was experiencing a lot of itching and burning. Went back to the Drs she prescribed the one dose pill. Took it Thursday afternoon felt nausea, had headaches, and stomach aches (side effects) but helped with the burning pain by he next day. It 's now Sunday and the itching burning and a pain is back. Going back to the Drs tomorrow for the 3rd time in 2 and a half weeks. So want this to go away. Feeling like I need to get second opinion.
This medication did not work well for me. I keep hearing voices while I go to sleep. It seems like the medication only works for 3 or 4 hours. Then, it stops working. I am also having a problem with center of balance with this medication. I keep having mini-vertigos. I saw the other ratings and I was tempted but this medication just did not workout for me.
I 've been taking Junel for about a month now and I 've experienced very sore breasts, stomach pains, and an increase in anxiety and depression. If you already have anxiety or depression I don 't recommend this pill
It works well for my condition. I am under a great amount of stress and my body would shake I broke out in hives and my heart would beat very fast at times and I was not sleeping at all.
I 've been on Kariva for 2 months and it has turned me into a completely different person. I 'm ALWAYS tired. I can sleep just fine but, I 'm constantly tired. I never feel rested. I 've noticed it 's made me depressed. Everyone around me notices also. I 've had horrible headaches. My appetite has changed. I have blurred vision, dizziness. Its ridiculous. As far as spotting I haven 't experienced any of that. So, effectiveness has been pretty good.
Taken the pill for 4 months now, after having no period for 6 months. Since I started the pill I have had two periods each pack, despite taking the pills like clockwork. I 've also developed sore breasts and super painful cyst - like acne all the time. No weight gain, nausea, or blood pressure issues though. Not going to take this anymore!
I was diagnosed with RA when I was 30 years old. I 'm 37 now.  My rheumatologist started me out on Methotrexate which put me in the hospital for sever flu like symptoms for an extended period of time.  I have just started Hydroxychloroquine, I am on 200mg once a day and have noticed it leaves me feeling out of sorts, and I often have headaches along with nausea despite taking it with meals. It has caused me to miss work on several occasions.  I 'm hoping that with time some of the side effects will subside and I 'll be able to enjoy a better quality of life.
Worked pretty good at giving some pain relief... Until it gave me bleeding ulcers a few months into treatment.
I 've been on Celexa for about 1 1/2 years an I love it. I have a real big history of panic attacks the ones that make you feel like your dying well they have decreased alot I still have them once in a while but they have gotten way better. This medication has really made a difference for me I recommend it to everyone with panic an anxiety disorder it works.
I gained about 20 pounds in 3 months. I 'm more moody also and have worse cramps than before. I am also having my period two times a month, so it 's time to switch back to my last one!
I am not very fond of Depakote. When I took it it didn 't improve my moodswings that much. In the beginning it made me nauseous &amp; caused my hair to fall out. No, I didn 't go bald, but it thinned out my hair enough that my hairstylist noticed. Eventually, my hair stopped falling out, but I gained a lot of weight &amp; I had very bad tremors &amp; bad coordination. If you do decide to take this medicine make sure your doctor tests your blood regularly. I think you are supposed to have your blood tested every 6 months.
I have been on this pill for a couple of months now. It 's great with acne and no weight gain or anything but I will say it 's absolutely horrible with moods. I 've had the worst mood swings. I 'm depressed and I literally cry over ANYthing and when I start, I cant stop!
I am on my third injection of Bydureon. The needle is huge and the med burns going in, and bleeds after. No problems with injection site till this week I noticed a small pea-sized bump at the first injection site on my stomach. The first two weeks my morning sugars went up significantly to 190-200. Other side effects are diarrhea (which has resolved this week), bloating and a very uncomfortable full feeling, and some random stomach pain. This week numbers starting to come down to 145-155, but still higher than when on my previous med, Victoza, which made me very nauseous. Not losing weight. In fact, am up 2 lbs. Hope this turns around in the next couple of weeks.
My dermatologist prescribed this to me for cystic acne. While it did clear up the acne I had horrible side effects. My hair was falling out more than usual, my gums were always swollen and puffy, and the worst of it was getting cdiff. Of course cdiff is a rare side effect and I ended up getting it, but I will never take this medication again.
I was on the mini pill for about a year and really didn 't mind it at all. However I was weaning my baby and had some breaking out so wanting to try the regular pill instead as recommended by my doctor. One month in and so far it is TERRIBLE. I get terrible cramps now, nausea all day, headaches and my emotions are out of wack! I already have slight depression and anxiety, this pill made it SO much worse. My acne is the worst it 's been since I first had my daughter especially around my jawline. I am going to give it two more packs and then switch to something else.
I 've been on my fair share of generic prescriptions for birth control. And I also prefer to take the pill form ONLY. Lutera was the forth one I have been on, but only the second generic brand. And I for one am NOT a fan. Had spotting for an entire month and a half when I first swapped to this pill, and I also didn 't have a period after the first two packs (due to the spotting). I have gotten 5 migraines in the second month (migraines are rare for me) and everyday I would have a mild headache, it was annoying, also I 've felt dizzy right with my headache. It was hard to stay focused at work. On my third pack I wasn 't spotting at all, but that 's also when I received my 1st period. The cramps were excruciatingly intense I 'm 29 so this says a lot
I 've been on Trinessa for about 5 or 6 months. I 've gotten extreme head aches and mood swings. I 've never had a panic or anxiety attack before and every month I 've been having terrible panic attacks. I also experience really bad bloating. I will be switching off of this pill!
This medication worked for about a month and then I started have more episodes of Atrial Fibrillation in between doses.  It made me sick to my stomach, nauseous, and with bad stomach ache.
Positive
Just started this med 2 weeks ago. I feel awful: generally ill feeling (like a cold or flu), severe headache, nausea, vomiting, muscle cramping (feels like I 've done a massive workout and let the muscles cool down without stretching), muscle weakness (where it 's a chore to lift arms and legs...skin pain, too), trouble sleeping, I can feel my heart pounding and hear it in my ears, coughing, and I don 't know what else. I have spoken to my doctor and been told this will go away, but I 'm concerned. My vision wasn 't great before, but seems worse now. Not sure what to do...
I am starting week 4 on Chantix. I smoked for over 40 years and had planned to smoke a carton the first week on Chantix as my last hurrah. I was actually very disappointed to loose my craving after the first few days. I have been smoke free for 15 days.  Side effects are minimal. Have gained some weight and still get cravings but they are short lived and can be put aside.  I do miss the simple pleasure of smoking.
My doctor started me on Belviq after a recent visit. I was excited to try this new diet pill hoping it would give me the edge to begin losing weight. Unfortunately after a month and a half I have failed to lose any weight. I hope others have better luck.
When I first started topamax I couldn 't notice the side effects except for the tingling in my hands, feet and face. I thought it would go away with time but here I am 2 years later and it is still happening. This medication also prevented my migraines at first, then I had to be put in the hospital for 5 days to get treatment about 6 months ago, and now they are back again. If you miss even one dose you get a whole new set of side effects as if you started the medicine that day! Before I took this medicine my hair was so thick, and I never really noticed the hair loss side effect until now because my hair is falling out in chunks. Topamax also caused me to get kidney stones and be hospitalized for a month. The only good thing is I lost 50lbs
I take quite a big dose also I take it with 300 mg of wellbutrin. I hope it does not affect the liver I am going to get it checked out. When ever I feel anxious I take it. I think I am addicted to it. My doctor doesn 't know it I just keep getting refills. I hope this dosage isn 't bad.  It is really helping me though. I also have OCD and it helps with that somewhat.
Took Viibryd for MDD. Had bad symptoms if I was a little late taking the med each day. Was actually without it for a day and a half, because I was homeas I was sick and couldn 't get to the pharmacy, and thought I was going to lose my mind. My whole body itched, I was flushed, nauseated, couldn 't concentrate, my heart felt like it was going to beat out of my chest. I was sicker from not taking the medication, then from the flu I was home sick with!! I called my psychiatrist and told him I wanted off the medication. Explained what happened, and we tapered me down. It took about 3 weeks, and it wasn 't fun, but I would NOT recommend this mediation for that reason alone.
Had mirena put in at 6 week post partum check up as directed by doctor. Had lots of bleeding for 10 months. Abdominal pain was present talked to doctor said my body had to adjust. Then came the bloating it came and went along with the pain.. Intercourse was painful not to pleasent some times. Had 3 uti 's while I had it in. My skin was in the most beautiful state before I started and dramatically changed.. My face became very oily and developed acne. My hair began to fall more than usual shedding. I had to go to the doctor because I couldn 't feel it.. She ran ultrasound the strings were flipped. I had gained 30 lbs those 2 yrs. Right after I had it in even though I breastfed for the life it was in. Once I had remove all is getting better.
This was my first birth control. There were some good things, it cleared my face up after about 2 months and made my horrible periods light. Usually I would have to stay home when my period would start because the pain would be unbearable. When taking Loestrin I wouldn 't even have to take an Advil. I had to get off this medication though because it killed my sex drive which is not good because I 'm a newlywed. Also I gained about 10lbs on it. I would work out and cut my eating in half and could not shed the extra weight. I 'm about 121 now and when I started I Was 109. Another thing I hated was it made me really emotional! I could cry on command. My Doctor switched me to Lo Ovral will see how that goes.
Euflexxa was a waste of my time. I had 3 injections, one every week. I did have some relief from the pain but I still have pain some days worse than others. It 's been 3 months now and I have to do something else. I had the synvisc about 8 years ago and that worked good till now its starting to hurt so I am now in a pickle with both knees. Problem with synvisc is that is horrific pain going in. But it only takes a short time. I would rather endure that pain and have it help and eventually be pain free than this Euflexxa that only little relief.  I still have to take over the counter pain meds to my disappointment. But I try to take them every other day.
I have been taking SHEDAVI hair+ skin+ nails. I 'm n my first bottle. I 've been having more frequent headaches. I 'm not the one the take any analgesic but I 've been force to take one to relieve my pain. I also hallucinate a bit I see thing running around my house I know can 't be there. I was wondering if anyone had experience the same side effects and should I stop taking it?
I 've been on Chateal for about a year and a half.  I agree with many reviews that it 's very effective for its intended purpose, but the side effects are awful.  I 've experienced extreme moodiness, irritability and depression, panic attacks, and what I believe was a burst ovarian cyst.  I 've also been experiencing acne on my chest and back which I 've never had before. A few months ago I ended up in the ER after having a severe panic attack and throwing up in the middle of the night.  I can 't say that the Chateal was directly responsible for the burst cyst, but I 'm 30 years old and have been using BC since the age of 16 -- I 've never experience any of these conditions prior to using Chateal, save for your standard PMSing.
I 've had this birth control for about 8 months now and ever since then my mood swings and anxiety level are terrible. I want to eat constantly. I 've gained roughly 30 pounds or more in this period of time. I have back aches once a month when my period should be here. The plus side is I do not have a period and have not gotten prego but the weight gain is awful and I was told that it wasn 't normal on this to gain a lot of weight.
This was my first birth control and I was on it for about a year. I took it to help lighten an regulate my ridiculously heavy period and it did just that. However it gave me terrible mood swings, spotting, and the final straw was my once thick hair became extremely thin. Though it did its original purpose, the side effects were just too much.
Last year I stared using this. I used it for about 2-3 months maybe even more but it didn 't make much of a difference. But I guess everyone 's skin is different, it may work for some people and not for others.
Clearly different stuff from the last time I used this!  I 'm leaving the insert cream in and hope it works, had to wash off the external cream, the itching was the scourge of God, unbelievably awful.  I 'm trying oatmeal wash and a benedryl to try to recover.  This stuff better work, but no way I touching the exterior cream again.
I have been taking this stuff for 1 year after being diagnosed at 49 years old all of a sudden outta nowhere with ibs-c after a case of food poisoning. Has ruined my life. Haven 't been able to go on my own in a year without some form of laxative. I started taking the 290 was way too much. Took half pill still way too much. Now I dump the pill contents (which isn 't much) into a small tiny condiment bowl and take a dab every 2 days. It works but no matter what dose I take you get  diarrhea about 4 times in a row or more after. It 's as if you are taking the same stuff you take before a colonoscopy. You are completely cleared out. A 30 day prescription has lasted me 10 months so far. A tiny dab works but it sucks and can 't go to work or go out for hours after :(
Face flushes and felt incredibly warm! Meds dropped my BP but I couldn 't live with the nuclear glow from my face! Doc moved me to other meds.
I was put on birth control to not only reduce my cystic acne, but to regulate my periods. As far as my actual menstrual cycle goes, everything is normal, if not a little bit better because of this pill. But with my acne, things haven 't been going smoothly. If I didn 't have a complicated skin care routine I 'm positive my face would be covered in acne. When I first got on the pill, my acne did clear up a bit, but eventually I started breaking out even worse than I did prior to being on the pill. To say the least, I 'm extremely disappointed. I 'm not using the pill for its intended purpose (I 'm not sexually active,) yet this was recommended to me anyways??
Although it helped with my delusional thoughts, it completely destroyed my life. I have anhedonia, loss of sex drive, fatigue, can 't play football or any sports, my mind is blank, 40 kg weight gain, always hungry, can 't get drunk. Feeling down sometimes. Robbed every joy from me.
I 'm a 20 year old female. I was prescribed Prozac 6 months ago. For the first few weeks I felt great, everything seemed better. After 1 month I became even more depressed, my period was very heavy and lasted weeks at a time. I had disturbing nightmares everything, developed restless legs syndrome, and started grinding my teeth. I was tired constantly and ended up in hospital due to suicidal thoughts. I am now on citalopram and things have never been better.
I started college when I took these. But I 've noticed weight gain. I thought it was the freshman 15 but its not... Also theres been a HUGE decrease in sex drive. Stopping these pills now... Oh and also... I NEVER get acne.. all of a sudden I 'm breaking out in places I 've never even got pimples. Lastly, I 'm pretty sure my body is reacting to the medication because I 've never had a yeast infection... but for some strange reason I 've been experiencing discomfort. Read about this before you decide to take it.
Have a little bit of a lingering cough from a cold. Not giving me much trouble except keeps me up at night. I heard this was good so I took so I could get some sleep. Helped tremendously with the cough but then I was having bad stomach cramps and diarrhea. I hadn 't eaten anything that should have upset my stomach and it didn 't really feel like a &quot;bug&quot; so I looked up side effects for Delsym.  Now I wish I had done that first because I probably wouldn 't have taken it. So, while it worked for my cough I still didn 't get any sleep due to the stomach issues.
Patch worked great at first.  Now I 'm on the 20mcg and the itching is killing me.  Now I am having a hard time urinating after being on this patch for over 3 years.  Guess I will have to be in pain again.  Don 't get me wrong at first this was amazing but it 's just not giving me the relief I need.  Had to start using more breakthrough meds.
I have pneumonia and I 've been taking this medication for days and I actually am getting worse not better
I developed akathisia after being on Abilify for 2 weeks. A rare side effect. I was really hoping the drug would work. Because of the side effect I can no longer take it.
Was experiencing 10 out of 10 back pain from muscle spasms. Received a 40 mg shot of Toradol. Reduced the pain to maybe 7 or 8.  So, it 's better than ibuprofen for sure, but it just didn 't cut it for serious pain.
At half-way through my third pack, I have been bleeding heavily for a week (compared to the first day of a regular period, but ongoing and with cramping). This is on top of having spotted nearly continuously since I started these pills two and a half months ago. I was going to hang in there to see if these reactions subsided after the third pack, but I am thinking now that I need to get off of them. I have also noticed mild weight gain as well. 
I was very happy with &quot;Betaloc CR 190 &quot; and then they put me on ATF Metoprolol CR 190 and it is crap because if I take 1 in the morning it only lasts about 10 to 13 hours and I end up with A/Fib at night . I never ever had this trouble with Betaloc CR190
I 've been on fluoxetine 10 mg  for  a week . I get panic attacks . My doctor first gave me lexapro I felt so sick with flu like symptoms. He changed me to prozac so far the symptoms are a lot lighter . My problem is I 'm still having to to take xanex to stop the shaking . The doctor prescribed me 1.0 of xanex twice a day I spread it out cause it just makes me sleep . I don 't want to just exist - I want to live . I hoping to see changes soon
Weirdest thing this drug! Plus points - it did the job and started to control and relieve pain after 24 hours. BUT.....i had insomnia for three days and the metelllic taste too. MUCH worst was the weird thoughts and depression I got ( which I have no history of family or otherwise ). So, the upshot is to be guarded against using this drug. If you are armed with this information, you can influence your choice. I would strongly suggest use something else. If you have issues with the medication and you arrived at this site the same way I did...at least you now know. And that might put you at ease in some small way
Halfway through month 3 on this and not sure what to do. First two months consisted of most of my time break through bleeding, then during the time which I was supposed to have my period I had none. I also have been experiencing extreme agitation followed by periods of sensitivity and crying--neither of which is normal for me. Also, my boobs have swollened up a cup size and are always sensitive. Skipped my placebo pills second months and started third pack because I had already spent so much time bleeding. Symptoms have lessened but now it seems I am experiencing loss of appetite and sex drive. Not sure if I will continue on to try month 4. This pill has my moods swinging so much that I 'm questioning my sanity since I 've started them in Aug
I 've tried almost every antidepressant. I read the reviews on Lexapro and was prepared for a rough introductory period. I was pleasantly surprised that I felt better than ever...not suicidal, no general anxiety issues, I even felt like I could stand up for myself and not be a doormat. But after the first 6 weeks, I started feeling numb in my heart (you know, no true emotions) and became a cold, mean person. Not to mention the sexual side effects, making it even harder on my marriage. I 've backed off of it now to try yet another pill, so I 'm suicidal and severely anxious and depressed again, but I haven 't felt any other emotions yet.
I 've been on Nexplanon for 5 months. I was loving this form of birth control until now. I 've been bleeding for almost 2 months and I 've been feeling very tired.
It was very expensive and provided no help.
The NuvaRing is extremely convenient. I didn 't even notice it most of the time and it did not bother my boyfriend. However, I am bloated all the time, exhausted everyday, crying all the time, and my breasts have gone from C 's to DD 's. Some people would like this, but the reason why they have gotten bigger is I think because I 'm so bloated all the time. They feel swollen and painful like when you are PMSing, but on a regular basis. 
I have been taking Flomax-CR in tablet (pill) form for over two years for Benign Prostatic Hyperplasia.After few side effects, it performed as expected, I am able to sleep 5 ~ 6 hours without need to go to the washroom.However, after a year of taking Flomax-CR, constipation problems with bloated intestine appeared more and more frequently with more and more acute severe pain every time it occurred.Thanks to my wife, a chemist ,  found the probable cause was found after putting a tablet (pill) in an acid solution to mimic the gastric environment and observing the evolution with time.  The tablet swells to the size of a small marshmallow and doesn 't dissolve even after a month time.Looking at Flomax on internet, it appeared that it was usually provided as a capsule rather than a tablet.  I consulted with my doctor, then my pharmacist and asked for capsules instead of tablets as well as a laxative to flush my intestine before starting the capsules.I have been taking capsules for five weeks now without any occurrence of constipation, bloating and abdominal cramps. A test was run to compare capsules versus tablets (pills), stimulating the stomach environment and using distilled water as a blank.  The following picture shows clearly the results.https://drive.google.com/open?id=0B-hlDGSKHrGCYVZHcDJrTjlxZW8In the acidic environment solution, the capsule dissolves within few hours at room temperature.The tablet swells to a small marshmallow size (10~15 mm) and sticks to the glass wall of the tube.Two weeks later, the swelled tablet is still not dissolved and its consistency is similar to non-set epoxy glue. In conclusion, it might be important to me to know ahead the side effects of all the non medical part of a prescribed drug entering the digestive system as much as the active ingredients. Constipation and abdominal cramps are listed as possible side effect for Flomax-CR which is a control released tablet. Web search shows that Flomax-CR is only available in Canada:The low rating (3/10) is for Flomax-CR (pills).I would give a rating (7/10) to Flomax in capsules.
I 'm 19 and have been on epiduo for around 3 weeks and have so far seen no improvements in my acne, I have more black heads now than I did before starting the treatment and the burning and itching sensation will not go away even when the product is washed off. It seems to have made my skin hypersensitive and I 'm hoping that if I stick with it that it will be worth it in the end
This medication did not work well for me at all, and I got the unfortunate side effect of lactation. At the time I was sixteen and that 's just something that I was not willing to deal with.
I 've had nothing but issues but I have not had a pregnancy scare at all and that 's why I rated it 3/10. I received my shot September 19, I got my period October 14, bled for 21.5 days and then 2.5 days later started to bleed again for, so far, another 10 days. In 34 days, I 've bled 31.5 days. It 's absolutely draining, my hormones are out of control, and it 's impeding on every day life. I 'm being treated for acne with Sprionolactone and my cystic acne came back with a vengeance. If I knew any of this would be a potential side effect, I would 've just waited for my referral to my gyno and deal with the 1 BC method rather than 2 (condoms). Overall, this has been a TERRIBLE experience and I can 't wait until it wears off. (I only had one shot).
It 's okay. I take it (not every day) for back pain and migraines. First time I took it I threw up, probably because I 've never taken any narcotic pain killers before. It still frequently makes me nauseous when I take it and takes a good four hours to really kick in and work.Personally, these days, I find much more luck with medical marijuana. Not habit-forming, and much safer.
I have been on the pill for about a year and three months. It works excellent as a birth control. My breasts only grew like half a size. It also gives me extremely light, short periods, which is pretty awesome. My reason for originally getting it in was to regulate my periods, since I was spotting for weeks straight before. It has not only regulated my periods, but has regulated my whole monthly schedule. My cravings are intense with insatiable hunger certain times of the month. The only thing I really hate about this pill is the mood swings. I have the most violent and depressing mood swings for no reason whatsoever, random times of the day. It feels like intense anger. This in itself makes me want to get off the pill.
Had a very bad cold - treated myself but then settled on my chest.  Went to Urgent Care when started to get chest pains and problems breathing.  Had ECG, and blood pressure taken, then checked chest for fluid build up.  Was put on a course of Doxcyline for 7 days, after the fifth day I didn 't feel much better and hearing had gone in left ear.  Went back to docs, checked blood pressure - fine. They couldn 't hear anything on chest or back,  oxygen levels were ok, but still problems breathing, no build up of wax in ear.  Told me once antibiotics had finished everything should return to normal.  They prescribed me an inhaler to aid my breathing.  Told me had had a severe chest infection,  now almost a week after being at urgent care and breathing and chest tight.
It 's 3 am, and I 'm wide awake. Took Mucinex at 1 pm this afternoon which helped relieve some of the pressure in my head caused by congestion. Took NyQuil at 9:30 pm, hoping it would knock me out like it usually does but no such luck. I only took 1 pill at 1 pm yesterday, but I guess since it 's a 12 hour medicine and I 'm a small female (103 lbs, 5 '4&quot;), it 's still affecting me a lot. My husband swears Mucinex made him feel better but I say no thank you. I 'd rather blow my nose all day and be able to sleep at night. Will not be taking again.
My face has totally broken out and I never Breakout!  Blood sugar still high. Dropped it just a free points. I would rather take a shot everyday that truly lowered it.
Been on the depo injection since January 2015, had bleeding but it stopped after a while. When I had another injection in June, I didn 't bleed for about a month. Started spotting mid-July and since approx. August 1st, I have been bleeding constantly, heavy enough to use pads and now it 's almost November! I 'm sick of bleeding and forking out money for sanitary pads when I shouldn 't be bleeding-well not as long as I have been now! Currently awaiting an ultrasound to see what is happening. I would like to change my contraceptive but my doctor won 't let me :(
The med does work very well. Side effects make it unbearable. I 'm quitting the use of this product.
Taking this for two months and really fatigued - used to run marathons for last three years but now VERY tired. Thinking of going back to doctor and trying another blood pressure medication.
I used this birth control for about 2 months before I started seeing a difference in my complexion. I started to get acne all over my face. It wasn 't red or big bumps, they were a bunch of tiny bumps all under my skin. The longer I took it, the worse it got. I went in for multiple facials to get rid of it because I never had problems with my skin. Finally after 4 months of taking it, I decided to switch birth controls &amp; it has started clearing up only with my first pack of the new birth control. Mononessa worked and I never had any break through bleeding, but it made me extremely emotional! I also saw a difference in my mood once I changed birth controls. I have always had cramps &amp; Mononessa did not help with those either.
Each time this is injected in me within 20 seconds I get terrible strong chemical taste and gas at back of throat and behind my nose . Strong awful. Other saline does not have this effect. It does it 's job as a flush but side effect also produces a mild headache.
I have been on birth control for about 15 years (I dont want kids and can 't get permanent birth control because I have never had kids). Anyways...My pills I been taking for years got switched to tri-previfem two months ago and I was told by the pharmacist it was exactly the same as my old pills. The first month my breast swelled so much and hurt so bad...that lasted a few days. I also got really bad cramps..like nothing I have felt before (remind you, I have been on birth control for about 15 years). This month I noticed acne on my chin and cheek...I am 34 years old and never had more than one occasional pimple at a time on my face in my life. I will not be taking this pill any longer...hope this helps anyone looking to try it.
Nearing my 3 year mark .  And I can NOT wait to have this thing taken out. The insertion process wasn 't bad at all, the bruise was pretty nasty but that 's it. Since getting the birth control implant I 've gained about 20 pounds, I have crazy cravings, and the mood swings are the absolute WORST. My periods are irregular I get a period every 2-3 months and it 's always on the regular to lighter side but it always lasts 7 days or more like a constant spotting almost. The only thing that 's good about this birth control and it 's the main reason I 've kept it is because it 's effective.
I tried Andro-Gel for about 6-8 months. I did not help testosterone (free) stayed about( 200-220) My doctor started me on Testosterone Enanthate injections about 3 months. I have felt morning wood adn some increased energy, no weight loss per say. I had lab work done last week so will see how levels have changed. So far not much improvement in the sex dept with wife though. I am 65 and will keep trying.
Worse birth control ever!  I had breast tenderness,  vaginal dryness, 0 to none sex drive,  mood swings,  and weight gain.  I was on this pill for 1 year before I thought it was ruining my relationship with my husband because I had no libido what so ever and vaginal dryness. I experienced dry skin as well. My periods were long 7-8 days /regular. I am now on a new pill lo lolestrin fe I think it 's called and noticed a significant improvement.  No breast swelling,  no long periods,  happier moods, not as angry or tired and have regained my libido ..I think even more than before I started taking birth control.  It 's amazing! . Just in case someone has the same side affects as me on zarah
Effectiveness I assume is fine. I had the implant inserted October 2016, but at age 45 I 'm not fond of the 2 week cycle/spotting, 1 week of nothing and back on to spotting. I took birth control pills for years and my cycle would run 3-5 days every 28 days like clock work. I didn 't have an issue forgetting to take them cause I took them when I took my other meds. My doctor was concerned more about blood pressure/stroke possibilities.  This birth control though is not for me. I was told a few months of bleeding then nothing at all. Its been 7 months and 4 phone calls and I 'm beyond frustrated. Made an appointment to have it removed next week. Disappointed to say the least.
This made my skin incredibly sensitive and irritated all the time, it dried out my cheeks and nose, it didn 't get rid of hardly any acne. I have to stop using after only about 2 months of use due to the sensitivity.
It only took 3 hours to start working. I was suddenly hit with what felt like strong sharp searing gas pains in my upper stomach. So much that I was hunched over and howling. I felt sweaty and nauseated. The pain lasted about 30-45 mins. I did have bowel movements as well. It has now been about five hours later and I am still going to the bathroom. Stomach feels very sore and I feel some what exhausted and just run down. I would not recommend this nor take it again for constipation. I am a normal 32 year old female.
I have been taking Previfem for about three years now. The beginning of each new pack I get extremely sick to the point of puking all night &amp; can 't keep anything down. On the bright side, I 've had a lot of unprotected sex &amp; I haven 't gotten pregnant so it does work for birth control.Time to switch. Can 't handle the up all night sickness anymore.
I have not had good luck with this medicine. The side effects were horrible at first but they did settle down and mostly disappeared after 4 or 5 months on the medication. If you 're just starting it, give it some time and the side effects will go away, but for me it never helped lessen or decrease my migraines so now my doc has given me Amitriptyline to try so I 'm hoping I have better luck with this one!!
Severe constipation, horrible horrible time it gave me,I don 't care what anyone says,I was on it for 6 weeks and had to take laxatives every other night just to get relief before it finally hit me what was happening, I went off it right away, terrible drug,I 'd rather live with any kind of pain then to ever go through that again!!!!
I was on Effexor for a few months only and found it to be not particularly helpful. I had weight gain, extreme tiredness during the day and feeling  'blah '. I decided to go off them and it took me longer to get off them than I had been taking them. The withdrawal was terrible. I had head spins that would last all day, couldn 't focus, extreme dizziness if I turned too quickly etc. 
Okay well day one here.. inserted this stuff maybe 20 mins ago.. holy freaking crap.. the ITCHING WAS UNREAL. I was itchy just a bit  from my infection.. this made the inside outside  area itch like a crazy. Oh my god. I felt like ripping my hair out!! It 's died down a bit now.. but feel a little burning, nothing too bad I hope it stays that way. Glad I found these reviews I didn 't know what was going on.. MILD increase of itching and burning?? Lies. Hopefully day two goes better.. never gone through this, I had one YI before this and got the pill.. now I 'm 25 weeks pregnant and can 't take it so this is my only option. :( wish me luck tomorrow isn 't as miserable
I have been taking this for a few months and i weighed myself when i started it, because ive always fought to loss weight and i gain very easily, and as of a few days ago i had a appointment and i got weighed and im up 15lbs! omg, i felt like i had gained but i didnt think 15. I take 1 pill every other day, cause it controls my life otherwise, when i take it, i have to stay home because im in and out of the bathroom for hours at a time. It does help with the pain and some of the bloating, but the weight gain, nope im not taking it anymore. I havent changed my diet since ive been taking it, i eat mostly a keto diet, as breads and anything carby makes me feel like crap and i get very bloated. I would like another pill for ibs-c /no weightgain
I 've had TN for about 6 or so years was put on 900mg a day and that worked for a few years n duh me slowly stared taking myself off n pain got worse so Dr upped the dose 1800mg a day that worked for quite awhile then later it started coming back so did a lot of research and come across people that did the cyberknife treatment and no referral and they got me in right away for first appt and did MRI and CT and they made a mask and two weeks later I had it done I 'm just a few days out since treatment and they pain will get less n less after a month or so, so I 'm hopeful, the other comments said they have been pain free after the nerve started to die with a slight numbness n I can deal with that verses pain I 'm hoping they find a cure
Terconazole 0.8% made my itching go away while it was inserted, but it did not clear the infection.  I had a little extra cream and so I have used it 4 nights in a row even though it is supposed to work after 3.  I have to add that this is a tough infection I 've had for at least 3 months, and I am pregnant which makes it even more difficult to heal.  Obviously this won 't be the case for everyone.
absolutely loved this pill the first 5 months of taking it, light period, only 2-3 days. no cramps. Its very effective - pregnancy wise. but its been a year now. I haven 't gotten my period since August 15 and it is now November 11th. Sure its nice but it is very unhealthy for the body. I am not pregnant if that 's what you were thinking, the pill just doesn 't give me periods. I have had terrible tension headaches all year, and all the sudden breaking out all in my T zone of the face. Blind pimples. &amp; boils under my armpits. Along with nausea and drowsiness. I am 16 and don 't wanna have to deal w all these side effects! not too mention the pill makes me feel sad and crazy sometimes. I definitely do not recommend it.
I was put on this for 4 months. A lot of the panic attacks went down but more stress was added. The side effects for me were easier bruising, nausea, fatigue, migraines and etc. It caused me to skip school a lot, and I got behind so it added more and more anxiety and was not worth it. I recommend no medication and therapy for social anxiety, and to help stomach aches and headaches us tiger balm and gin-gins (you can buy them at Whole foods stores
This medication made me gain lots of weight and after being on it for about a year or so I suddenly stopped being able to breathe after taking it. So I was placed on a different medicine.
I went on this pill so that I didn 't have to have my period every month, but within the first 2 weeks I gained 10 pounds. I 've been on it for 4 months now and for 2 months straight I was spotting every single day. I tried absolutely everything to lose the weight including dramatic changes and nothing has worked. I am now having a full period so I am going off the pill because it doesn 't seem to be effective. My face did get better while on it, but nothing is worth the emotional unstableness and weight gain I am experiencing.
Well basically when I first used it, it was great only have tender breasts felt a little sick but it went away. Then all of a sudden I had these terrible mood swings. Felt really emotional. And I 've been that exhausted, I 've had to take naps during the day. So yeah not that good for me.
In response to Rick.  I started Humira had good results. Then needed to come off it because I injured tendons in my foot.  When I restarted Humira, I have not achieved the same results. My joints are red, swelled, and remain in a lot of pain.
I was diagnosed with Type 2 about 6 months ago. I was given Janumet 50/500. It worked great until about a month ago. My sugar in the mornings have risen from the 120 's to anywhere up to 190. I feel pretty bad in the mornings &amp; sometimes throughout the day. I 've also noticed I sweat at night. I get nauseated a lot and vomit at times. Not sure what my doc will do when my A1C results come back.
I was on Microgestion Fe 1/20 for around 10 months due to migraines. I was constantly having breakthrough bleeding, mood swings, horrible anxiety which I had never had before, and my acne had come back. I switched to Glidess Fe 1.5/30 because it was free through my insurance and all of my symptoms cleared up. After going back to school, where I do not have my normal pharmacy, I got put on Microgestion Fe 1.5/30 because they do not carry Glidess. My doctor did not clear this, but the pharmacist told me that I should have no problems. WRONG! My anxiety came back full swing and that is not helpful being a college nursing student. I am constantly tired and I am eating like crazy. I am switching back to my old medication asap.
I 've had implanon for about 3 years now and it has been super effective with preventing pregnancy but I plan to have it removed soon. I have gained almost 30 pounds, my hair falls out like crazy, and my hormones are so out of wack. I 'm constantly feeling lazy, depressed, and suuuuuuper anxious.
Beware of this birth control. At first I started off with the 1.5 Gildess fe and it was beautiful no breakouts or anything. Since I did well with that, myDoctor upgraded me to Gildess 1/20 and for the past 3 months I started it in March. I have been experiencing the worst side effects. Even with me not missing any pill and taking them at the right time.  I feel like I 'm pregnant and I 'm not. It 's to the point where I had taken 3 pregnancy test and they came out negative and is going to take another test since this medication is really making me think that and I just want to be sure. Talk to your doctor to see what birth control is the best for your body hormones.
Very annoying side effect for me was the constant air bubbles stuck in my throat.   Bad taste and tastebuds are effected....felt like mouth and throat were slightly numb and  felt as if  I had a thick film in mouth/throat.  Constantly felt like I had to swallow.
It does its job, but I 'm tired, extremely moody, border-line depressed, and I get headaches. I gave it 7 months, now I 'm changing.
I don 't normally do these but I have to share what I went through on the Nuvaring so that maybe it can help someone else understand more about it. I had been taking the Nuva for 2+ years with no complaints. I was/am currently in a monogamous relationship. Very happy. We 've been together for many years now but we 're still quite young. (Early 20s) one thing that was never reliable was our sex life. I desired him and vice versa, but I was just never in the mood. This went on for a couple years and all along I thought it was me. Many fights came out of this. Long story short, I ran out of refills and went a few weeks without and realized the nuva was surpressing my libido. It almost cost me my relationship. Take from that what you will.
I started taking this in May of 2016. I started taking this at 20 years olds and turned 21 recently. It 's really been quite awful experience over all.  I 've had major depression for most of my life but I 've never actually tried to act on my suicidal thoughts before this medicine. The highs and lows of my mood swings are way more dramatic and frequent. The longer I take it the harder it is to be without it. I 've had hallucinations and this horrible electric noise that rattles my head. It feels like a pendulum swinging from ear to ear. I was awake for 25 hours straight were I didn 't eat anything or get out of bed. If I manage to take it correctly all the time I don 't have to deal with the withdrawal and my depression is not as suffocating...
I am a 22 year old  female.  I have been on Gabapentin for a few months now, and I am taking 600mg three times a day (I just had my dose doubled)  and it does help with some of the pain. I still have trouble with speech, motor function, pain in my joints and tissues, occasionally breathing, lifting anything over 15 pounds, chest pain, and issues holding myself up.  This has been going on for two years and it fluctuates from tolerable periods to barely able to get out of bed periods.
So delighted that Tresiba immediately helped my dawn phenomena. So many years of morning highs on Levemir. Wow.Then disaster struck . Bad bloating , nausea and dizziness plus weight gain. The insulin nurse said &lsquo;she doubts it&rsquo;s the insulin&rsquo; and not to go back to the other one if it&rsquo;s working&rsquo;. After googling side effects I think it  maybe the cause  so I will rebel and see what happens.
I have been taking this medication since December 14th 2011 for Endometriosis that I was diagnosed with on December 7th 2011. After the first couple of days the nausea started, so I started taking it at night. That was a little better at first. Then my legs started having severe restlessness and pain... It was so bad a couple of times that I almost had to go to the ER.  I am now just feeling generally ill. I stopped taking it 2 days ago. Also, I had a tubal and endometrial ablation in 2009 so I 'm not taking it for periods or pregnancy. 
So I started taking this BC when Gildess got discontinued. Up until that point I had absolutely no problems for the almost 2 years I was taking Gildess. After switching to Blisovi though, I 've had slightly more cramping, tender breasts, and gained about 15 pounds. I 've been the same weight for 5 years and all the sudden, I 've gained all this weight. I 'm just now connecting it to the BC after reading reviews of the same thing happening to others. My periods are very light, and last no more than 3 days.  Overall, not happy with this BC.
I am 28 y.o. and had Nexplannon inserted March 1st 2016. The first 3 months were wonderful. I didn 't have my period and I felt great. However, months 4 and 5 were awful. I had horrible mood swings, anxiety and episodes where I felt very depressed and would cry for no reason, which was definitely unlike me. I emailed my doctor right away who suggested I give it some time for my body to adjust. Fast forward to almost a year of having it in now, the mood swings and depression are still there, just not as bad, not as much energy throughout the day and I get my period 2-3 times a month. Overall, emotionally it 's difficult to go through this. I 'm having it removed on Tuesday!The only positive thing is that it 's convenient and you forget its there
I had incredibly painful cramps and was told by both my ob/gyn and general doctor birth control could really help me, so I tried Ortho. My skin stayed just about the same (got some tiny under the skin bumps that didn 't bother me) and I was a little tired. My first period on it was extremely heavy and painful, but the next one was lighter and easier to deal with. But I noticed about a month in, I sprouted hair all over my cheeks (which I 've NEVER had before). My hormones were basically normal before, but this pill made them go completely haywire (hence the hair growth). But apparently this is a rare side effect. This pill seems to be one of the better ones for other people, but was not right for me. I will keep looking for my perfect birth control.
I 've read that this stuff isn 't as bad as some of the others. This is my first time on anxiety of meds, and I 'll admit, I do not like it at all. The only pro for me is it helps me sleep better at night. But theres been more cons for me. It makes me nauseous with hunger which makes me more irritable. Once every few day, I 'll be sent into a tunnel vision spell which varies on its length of time. And its reduced my ability to perform well in bed. All in all, its not the worst of the side effects, it still feels like hell to me, so I 'm going to work on getting off of them
Brilinta 90mg 2x daily with 81mg aspirin.  Dull aches all over body since starting this after a mild MI event, especially lower back (both sides).  Mild, tolerable headaches as well but they are less frequent than body aches.  Will be switching to Plavix, at least if the side effects are the same and the end result is the same, why am I buying Brilinta?  Just doesn 't feel safe.
I 'm a week away from finishing my second free trial pack from my doc, and I won 't be taking anymore. I switched from sprintec, because he said they were lower dose and would make my periods lighter. I was sold on the less hormones. So I get home to Google these, and of course they 're practically brand new. I hate being a Guinea Pig, and 5 bucks says doctors are getting paid to prescribe them. They make me sick to my stomach, and I 've had terrible migraines. My face is broken out, but I 'm not pregnant. (At least I hope not) I say this because this was literally the shortest period I 've ever had, like 2 days, 2 tampons two pads. Which actually freaks me out. My 5 day periods were light and just fine. Not bleeding doesn 't seem natural to me
I first got the shot 2 months ago. I got it one week before my period was suppose to start, and I didn 't get my period for the first month on the shot. It was convenient, just a few cramps here and their. Now that the second month hit I started feeling moody, and randomly started spotting. It has been 2 weeks now and I honestly am over this shot. NEVER taking it again.
Have major depressive disorder, PTSD, chronic fatigue, fibromyalgia, and chronic pain, high BP and cholesterol, low thyroid. Started taking Fetzima 20 mg for two days and then 40 mg daily for the past seven days. It stopped the traumatic thoughts at night but need to quit it due to so many awful side effects....slight nausea and light headaches the first few days, awful insomnia, very dry mouth, sore eyes and less clear vision, twitching in corner of eye, hot sweats switching to my whole body feeling cold, muscle cramps in legs, bad constipation. So sad because it was the only antidepressant that worked for the PTSD. It probably did raise my blood pressure but I did not check... got bad headaches like I do when BP is up. Good luck everyone.
I gained 6 lbs on this pill in one month. It was a last ditch effort at the bc pill for me. I have tried many others with many issues. My acne I get on my chin is ok hasn 't gotten better or worse. No nausea or stomach pains. I have had some issues with constipation on this pill also. I have been having issues sleeping on this pill. Hey I 'm not pregnant though...
I 've been on birth control for over 5 years. After my original was recalled I got started on this. I got my period 2 times a month which was normal to me because my old birth control did it do me at the beginning. Well I 'm 5 months into it and I 'm now getting my period almost 3 times a month. It doesn 't last as long as a normal period but its enough to give me bad cramps. Not only that, but I 'm ALWAYS tired and have mood swings. The only good side effect would be I haven 't had any acne on my back (it might also be because of the weather now). Overall, I 'm quitting this birth control. 
I 've been on Concerta for about 2 months now. While the effect is much more gradual compared to the &quot;hitting a brick wall at 100mph&quot; effect Aderall gave me, there were some negative aspects. The first week I was a little shaky, which I also had with the other medicines I 've tried (Vyvanse, Aderall, Ritalin). First dose always seems to make me feel really depressed and sick, then the next day I feel much better after my dose. Unfortunately, after the first month of use I 've built up a strong tolerance to it and it doesn 't work for me anymore. Thinking about trying a higher dosage.
I was on Microgestin 1.5/30 and then Junel for years with absolutely no problems. I had a regular period, mild cramps, and minimal PMS. Since being put on Gildless by my insurance, my cramps are worse and the PMS has been much more prominent. I am really unhappy with this and am changing brands in hopes of a better outcome.
I am currently on my fifth year on Nexplanon. When I first got it implanted. I noticed that I gained ALOT of weight. Within the first couple months I noticed my weight jump to 30lbs. I have struggled with my weight I questioned my doctor. Who said it doesn 't cause weight gain. Then when it was time to renew my implant I gained and additional thirty pounds!!! After that I told my doctor I was told to change my diet. I did lose 30lbs. By exercising and eating less but it was a struggle. I am stuck at the first thirty pounds I dont have periods with this birth control at all! After talking with a friend of the family she did say that Nexplanon indeed caused weight gain. she had a similar experience. I 'm not pregnant I guess that good. I don 't
I 've been taking this for a few years and I have severe headaches often along with suffering with low back pain which is constant on my left side and nothing is soothing it. Laying down is excruciating and I 'm in the process of running test. This started about 4 months ago and I have been trying to deal with it and hope that it would eventually go away. It 's becoming unbearable.
Lately I 've been feeling &quot;off&quot;, I feel moody and sometimes want to cry for no reason.  I recently felt super nauseous, dizzy and felt like I was going to faint while driving but for no apparent reason.  I went to the doctor and everything was fine.  I went to the optometrist and everything with my eyes was fine.  I 've had panic attacks, severe anxiety, a feeling of &quot;blah&quot;, headaches and dizziness plus all around weirdness and I believe its from these pills. I was on a different birth control a while ago and I got weird symptoms from it too.  I 'm going to change my pill and see if that does the trick.  Plus I 've gained SO MUCH WEIGHT from this pill.
Takes a while to get to sleep  but once asleep  that 's how I stay. However  I have found that it still effects me the next day. .....extremely  groggy  and exhausted.  Not for me .
Very effective in lowing my blood pressure but for the three weeks I was on it I had horrible diarrhea (  I was told it would go away in a few days) and subsequently turned into bleeding problems  . I was on stomach meds for over one year after taking it for only three weeks and still to this day suffer from it. Be very careful with this med READ the warnings closely this side effect is rare but not a &quot;unknown&quot; reaction to this drug I was just unprepared and trusted my doctor, boy was I wrong..
Well this did what it was supposed to do until it didn 't. Started in June of last year and I never had any bad side effects except maybe mood swings. It helped regulate my period to where I got it at almost the same time every month and my period wasn 't as bad as it used to be.I took this pill everyday (if I ever missed it it was only once, not multiple times in a row and I didn 't miss it frequently. I probably only missed a pill three times from June last year to this March) and I also took it at the same time and I still got pregnant on it.
I originally got on it because I was about to turn 26 and off of my parents insurance and did not have benefits at my job yet, so I figured I 'd get the thing that lasts for 3 years while I could figure everything out. I used to be on the pill before nexplanon.  I 've been on nexplanon a little over a year.  I had a period last over 3 months when I was first on it.  Now they are literally every other week.  My acne is terrible, not just on my face, but chest, back, everything.  My mood is off the wall.  I get intensely depressed when I am on my period or near it on this thing.  I 'll have days where I just want to give up on everything and run away and I 'll hate everyone and everything.  I cant wait to get this thing out.  No pregnancies though.
I developed a rash all over my back and shoulders i also had dizzy turns.I became constipated and the pain from passing motions was worse than my original bouts of constabt diarohea
This last Monday I was detected by my doctor that I have a acute Cystitis. My doctor prescribed me lavoprolaxicin Levaquin for 6 days.. My nightmare start in day 3 when I couldn 't even get up from my bed.. I was sore all over my body.. I couldn 't even walk.. Only I took 4 pills and I feel that my life changed to the worst for this medication.. I went to ER and they gave me fluids to at least clean a little bit my system.. I got a CT scan of my kidneys, and bladder, liver and all results were normal..If   doctors know those side effects why are they  still prescribing this medicine.  it 's poison!! I . I 'm still panicked !!I have faith that everything will be normal again.. Today is my day 1without the medication.. I 'm walking better.
Helped control Anger issue but after 90 days and two increases in doseage the Depression is unchanged
I started Sprintec in the beginning of September and the first week I broke out SO bad around my mouth and on my chin which has never been a huge problem area for me. I 'm on my third pack and it 's still no signs of clearing up. Ive been losing even more hair than normal and it completely killed my sex drive. I have random pains in my abdomen that feel like cramps even when I 'm not on my period. The only plus side is that my breasts got slightly bigger. Lol.
I have mild atopic and have been using this ointment for over a week applying twice a day. Have felt less itchy however no changes on my skin has cleared up. Since I 'm dark skin the spots are actually getting darker which is strange. Don 't know what all the hype was with this drug but so far I am not impressed. Going to complete the treatment and post my verdict then.
My normal period last four days. I just started the depo shot, and my period stopped for about a month. Two weeks ago I started bleeding, I 've been bleeding for 15 days straight! I go in a few weeks to get my next shot. If the bleeding doesn 't stop soon, I 'm gonna have to go back to the doctor to figure something out. My cousin started the depo before me, her period stopped for a while and then all of a sudden she started bleeding for 12 days straight.
Did not help me fall or stay asleep. Side effects: headaches and terrible taste in mouth.
I was given 60 tabs of metronidazole...2 X 3 A DAY for 10 days. also given another drug with it take 1x 2 a day. By the 6 day I was so sick I wished I could die. Stomach cramps, bloating gas. Quit taking these meds on the 9th day.Stomach cleared up. but now I riddled with so much joint pain I can hardly move.
I took Yaz years ago, without issue. I don 't know if it 's my body aging or what, but when I started taking Gianvi (generic Yaz) 4 months ago, the depression/anxiety/anger side effect is just too much. I 'm quitting. I have read that the synthetic hormone in this BC, drospirenone, can cause depression. For me, it 's been dramatic. Every month about 5 days before my period, I cry uncontrollably and get irritable and angry for no reason. I 'm dead-eyed depressed and feel lethargic at times. Also, I have ZERO sex drive and cannot climax when I do. I am not myself, mentally or emotionally, and it 's just not worth it to take this pill any more. If you are prone to depression, do not take this.
I have a very bad bout of bronchitis. I 'm on day 5 and I don 't feel markedly improved. The coughing is not quite as often, however when I do cough the phlegm feels thicker and the coughing spasms are more violent. It could be because the Mucinex is now wearing off. I just had higher expectations. Now I 'm nervous, because I don 't feel like my condition is improving. And the sound and feel of the mucus is a lot worse, but no side effects.
Depakote didn 't seem to do much with my mood swings.
Started taking contrave July 13th the 1st week I lost 3lbs but since then I have gained 4lbs... I have counted calories staying under 1200 a day  and exercised 30 mins 3-4 times a week before contrave but had come to a platue so dr. wanted me to try contrave I am thinking this is not a drug for me..... I will give it one more week before going back to dr.... hoping for some changes..
I started taking Aviane because of horrible PMS while on Mircette and did the three month continuous route. It kind of helped alleviate PMS but for some reason my body wouldn 't listen to the pill and continued to have a monthly period well into the second three month span along with spotting. The breaking point was when I had a total PMS episode complete with migraine and heavy period about a month and a half into the second three months. I am switching to Yaz, and hoping things improve!
Dizziness, I can not walk or drive when I take this
I got my Skyla inserted yesterday. I had severe pain, almost to the point of passing out. I 've never had kids so perhaps this had something to do with it.  My obgyn didn 't give me anything for the pain, I would 've def asked for a prescription if I knew it could be that painful. I was on the couch all day.
OK so I decided to go on nexplanon in August of 2014 and I had read all the side effects and all of them had happened. I had my period for a week and a half. Then about every other month I had one but it was less time each time and way less bleeding. And now its almost been a whole year since I got it done and I now have no signs of a period or spotting and discharge. I had asked my sister if not having a period was a bad thing and she said yes so I 'm not sure if I should get this removed because of me not having a period. All my hormones are fine. Everything about the birth control is amazing for me I just don 't ever have a period.
I tried with Rifaximin at the suggestion of family who did not feel like my natural functional Healthcare practitioner was helping me out very much. It was totally against her philosophy of treatment but I jumped for it anyway. It was a mistake. For the first few days on the drug it did seem to calm down my system a bit. But now one and a half months after using it my bloating is as bad as it has ever been. Even the foods that before I took it did not bother me now do bother me.I was making slow but steady progress using Standard Process supplements, staying away from starches &amp; fodmaps, &amp; practicing proper food combining b4 using Rifax.. Would not suggest this unless you have exhausted all other options.
Didn 't help. Made me feel weird. Should not be used in teens.
I have been experiencing insomnia for the past several years. I have sleep  apnea and use a CPAP machine.  My doctor has prescribed Amien for my insomnia but it only works some of the time so I started adding the sleep tabs.  I have read reviews where people have to only take 1/4-1/2 a tablet to sleep, me I can take 2 or 3 with Ambien and still stay awake for the night. I 'm not sure why but it doesn 't work for me.  I 'm working with my GP to resolve the issue because I can go for weeks on only 1 or 2 hours a night sleep.  It makes it difficult to focus and be on my game at work. Just an FYI for those looking for something that works...
I had my first deposit injection 22/01/16 when my 3rd baby was 13 weeks old, I had already been 3 days into a period and came off the day after. Sunday night I started bleeding really heavy and dark with tiny clots. I 've been on and off, really heavy to really light everyday, I know it 's only 8 days but I had just had a period so no need for bleeding. Really annoyed as last time I used the depo almost 4 years ago I had phantom movements and felt pregnant all the time so has taken me this long to give it another go and it 's not going great from the off!!
I was switched to this when my pharmacy stopped carrying Lutera (which I had been taking for a few years). I HATE THIS BIRTH CONTROL. I went back to the pharmacy after 2 months and told them to never give it to me again and thankfully they had a few Lutera that they let me have. On the plus side, my sex drive was so high, my breasts were very sensitive as well.However, the way my period was while on this pill does not make it worth it. Lutera gives me a super short super light period. This one I had super super heavy flows, blood clots and it lasted 1.5 weeks (compared to Lutera 's 4 days). It is different for everyone, but I do not recommend this at all.
I am 18 years old and this is my first yeast infection. My mom got me the 3-day monistat. I 'm only on the first day and I 'm miserable! It 's 2am and I 'm in tears because it burns so bad.
Out of all the serotonin based drugs that literally have nothing to really do with true clinical depression; this is the better of the SSRI and SNRI class. Not anywhere as dangerous and toxic as Cymbalta; although this medication is something I want to warn everyone about: Effexor very quickly makes you its slave. Probably by purpose it has a very short half-life which makes even missing one dose produces horrendous withdrawal effects I would have to say are just as bad as abrupt benzodiazepine withdrawal (which is documented to be as bad as kicking heroin!). I will admit I do think it did help me but I have to stress even the XR release only has a 24 hour half-life. So 8 AM rolls around; you have no choice.
I am 66 years old, have been on Avodart and Tamsulosin for about a year. I was on Cardura for several years but following the second episode of kidney stones, my Urologist switched me to Avodart and Tamsulosin. I also take a blood pressure medication and calcium supplements for osteoporosis (probably the culprit generating the kidney stones). Avodart and/or Tamsulosin has destroyed my ability to achieve erections and almost eliminated semen ejaculation though my libido is not significantly diminished. Cardura did not produce these negative side effects.
I have taken 4 of these pills. The first one gave me no pain relief. I took a second 3 hours later. I got pain relief, also dizziness, exhaustion, inability to sleep, crying spells. I tried two pills at bedtime hoping to get good pain relief and be able to sleep. Was up all night, restless, tossing and turning. Woke up this morning and now 10 hours after taking the medicines am still nauseated and dizzy. 
At 21 years old I decided to get Skyla. I can 't be on the pill because of a clotting disorder, so my options are limited. A few months after having the IUD inserted, it came out! My OB/Gyn insisted it was very rare. I had another one put in and I 've had it for probably about 6 months now. I 've been having dizzy/fainting spells, headaches, back pain, sore breasts, bad acne, plus many UTI 's since then. I even went to the hospital to have tests done for my fainting spells, but the tests were inconclusive, but I believe it is because of the IUD. It 's unfortunate that I 've been having so many side effects, because I loved not having to even think about it. I think I 'm going to get it removed, because the side effects are becoming too much for me
If you don 't want to get pregnant, then this birth control works just fine. Downsides for me: longer periods. I was bloated for a good 2 months. I read to try and stick it out for 3 months and bloating would subside, and for the most part it did. Last but not least, and for me the worst, the CYSTIC ACNE!! Uggghh I haven 't have acne in 3 yrs and as soon, as soon! As I switched to this BC I started getting them all over, with cystic ones mainly on my jaw line. I absolutely hate it and will be switching BC this week!!!
I 've been on Seasonique for over a year. For the first six months I had non-stop spotting which made sex embarrasing. But I have endometreosis and thought having no pain outweighed the spotting. Now I have two new problems: I am overweight by 15 lbs and can 't lose the weight even though I work out 4 times a week and eat very healthy. I have also lost all my sex drive! At this point I am thinking of going back to my gyno and finding another solution. The cons far outweigh the pros for me.
I got the Nexplanon about 3 months ago, ive only gotten one period since I dont believe that is normal. But I also feel like it is almost rejecting from my arm at times. I get slight jolts of pain that doesnt last very long but does happen frequently.  Ive been feeling very sick,  moody, depression has gotten worse while being on this.
I 've had the 75 mcg/hr patch on for 1 week with the pain level still the same as before using. I hope I 'll be able to go to the 100mcg with better pain relief than the 75. Thank you!
Bruh this stuff burns so bad. Save your time and go take the pill for the infection you 're way better off. It feels like I put hot sauce in my vagina . So upset ! This made my yeast infection 5x worst painfully  !!!
Within a week or two of taking a low dose of Paxil I experienced constant migraines (never have had a problem with headaches before), extreme fatigue, and constipation. My doctor switched me to Zoloft after a month on Paxil and I feel much better.
While I was on it:I was on it for one year. My skin was beautiful, it was dry but I just used cetaphil cream to help that, chapstick for the dry lips. I did feel a little down (in mood) sometimes but it was not very bad and I would get over it in about 5 days.After I was off it:The first month was okay a pimple here or there. The second month was a little worse maybe 3 or four every week. and then it was more to about 8 per week and now it is back to about 10 to 15 pimples per week. I know it works different on different people for example my brother was on it when he was a teen and his acne was worse than mine before he was on it and now he has only had about 5 pimples total since he has been off (it has been 20 years since he has been
I started yesterday 8/2 after reading review for about 2 weeks.. I think I scared myself! So last night no sleep thinking I was going to have nightmares! But I was tossing and turning I think I did that to myself.. But pills make me feel a little dizzy but my start weight is 230! So I 'll keep you guys update! But I definitely donot feel hungry at all! Only starting with one pill a day not two
The first few weeks after my first shot were great. I didn 't have any side effects. My period came two weeks late the first month and after that all hell broke loose. My period lasted ten days and ever since O have had a brown discharge. It hasn 't stopped in two months. I also have horrible mood swings now. I haven 't gained weight and not having to take a pill everyday is really convenient, but overall it isn 't worth it.
Well I payed 40$ for something that make makes me throw up and get a bad headache ?? I am only on second dose and I pray tonight I don 't vomit lol why is this a side effect ?? I don 't get it :( after last nights episode I was scared toEven take this tonight but I did lol
Within a week or two of taking a low dose of Paxil I experienced constant migraines (never have had a problem with headaches before), extreme fatigue, and constipation. My doctor switched me to Zoloft after a month on Paxil and I feel much better.
Given Symbicort inhaler after Urgent care sent me to hospital for severe asthma. Symbicort took forever (2 1/2 weeks) to help, and then, only slightly. Back started aching 3rd day I was on it. Just figured, at first, it was from trying to sleep in hospital bed. Head ached, too, though. Joints started aching soon after. Two weeks later, Symbicort seemed to help enough to maybe use the ProAir, or nebulizer, a couple times less during the day. But, still needing it, at times.Back/joints/ headache continued after all other meds from hospital discharge finished. Plus, short of breath a lot, with achiness in upper chest a week or so ago. Stopped Symbicort Sunday night. Now Wednesday, and already feeling better.
i started taking this medicine at age 10 for about 1 year. i took it and it made me feel really like as if i was depressed and it made me feel no hunger.i never ate until the medicine would where out by the end of the day that shen i would start binging on foods at night time. the medicine was useless. and btw i still have adhd and it doesnt affect anyone or myself.
Im very sorry to say that it didnt work for me. I was 46 at the time (not on the pil) and we had a ripped condom and i was ovulating. (Ive been regular like clockwork my whole life and experience ovulation pains as well)I took plan b the next morning, 11 hours after the incident and fell pregnant regardless. (To be sure i had it confirmed by bloodtests at a doctors office). The stress was too much for words to explain. Ive been pregnant for 8 weeks until I woke up bleeding and lost the baby...re side effects: absolutly none.
I got the paraguard around 6 months ago and have been having severe side effects I attribute to excess copper in my system. (I 'm also a vegetarian and my diet is high in copper). I have never had heavy or painful periods, on or off hormonal birth control. Now my periods are 10-15 days with spotting in between, moderate cramps several days before, and through the duration of my period. The majority of days on my period, I go through a super tampon every 1-2 hours. I started experiencing increasing anxiety when I got this IUD, in the last week i 've had a several panic attacks a day. 2 so severe, I ended up in the ER (at the hospital I work) i 've developed health anxiety. I 'm having it removed in 2 weeks. Don 't recommend.
For Migraine Prevention Ive tried amitriptyline, Imitrex, propranolol ,Fioricet &amp; Topamax and for a while and they worked but the side effects were insane. However, the zonesamide works very well for preventing my migraines. I take 300 mg a day. Word finding and memory, I don 't even know what those are anymore. However, I was living in constant pain. Nothing was working for me. This is the only thing that has done anything for me in quite some time, so do I walk around with a child like mind or not be able to get out of bed because of the pounding migraines?!?
This medicine seemed to be helping with my anxiety somewhat, but I had to stop taking it because it was making me extremely forgetful! I would forget simple things, like my daughter had to go to school, what I had for lunch, just things you shouldn 't forget. I felt in a fog..was very strange. I 'm currently looking for another medication to help with my anxiety and depression, so far no luck :(
I have taken provigil years ago with no significant improvement. I went through the last 20 years being prescribe Xyrem, Cylert, Adderall, Ritalin and recently Provigil along with Ritalin. None of these drugs provide wakefulness that last more than 3-4 hours. I can take the combination of Provigil and Ritalin at 9am and fall back to sleep at 9:30 am. I take my medication on an empty stomach but the wakefulness is almost non existent. I want to volunteer to be a case study because I believe I am a rare individual with Narcolepsy. I want to find out if there is an underlying problem because I hear of people getting addicted to these drugs and they barely have an affect on me. I want to live a normal life and not be sleepy all day, everyday.
Nexplanon is horrible if you already suffer from depression or anxiety. Nobody told me not take it due to my clinical depression, so I got it, thinking it would be great to not have to worry about condoms with my boyfriend or getting pregnant. I had just about every side effect listed on their site, from mood swings, to even being diagnosed with vaginitis due to the implant. I had a period that lasted FOUR months. I got so depressed I was having really dark thoughts, and I was always dizzy and tired. Being on Nexplanon was the worst nine months of my life. But, it did protect me from pregnancy. Not to mention, nobody really knows if it increases the chances of getting breast cancer. Over all... I wouldn 't risk it.
My blood pressure wasn 't nearly as high as those I 've been reading in the comments and hasn 't lowered it as much. Was 140/100 now 120/70, but after 6 months have found my heart racing and my pulse seems very strong, having leg cramps and bloating (only side effect that doesn 't appear anywhere else) I 'm going to have the doctor tweak this dosage to see if I can stop the side effects.
I was prescribed this drug for my depression and I 've been in it now for about 6 months. It 's definitely made me a happier person over all. I feel great until I try to have sex... I 'm 24 years old and the only significant change in my life recently has been this drug. At first I thought it was me, but I 'm convinced it 's the drug. I used to be a stud in bed but now it 's nearly impossible for me to get hard. I 'm going to talk to my doc about getting off this pill before it ruins my relationship.
I take my medicine as prescribed, first thing in the morning on an empty stomach, (5:00 am)I do the regular blood test which my Dr says my levels are &quot;ideal&quot;. While the levels may be ideal I am not. I have never felt so miserable in my life!I went to her and showed her all the side effects I was having that is listed from the pharmacy. She tell me &quot;your levels are ideal&quot;. In the 9 months I have been on Levothyroxine 0.075 MG I am experiencing:  excessive sweating, palpitations, joint pain, leg cramps, mood changes, muscle weakness, headaches, shortness of breath,  my face has a tingling sensation at times, bloated, puffy around the face, lack of concentration, extreme fatigue, and huge weight gain 40  pounds!  Is there something better?
Gave this drug a ten a few months ago but after just over a year it has stopped  working. Now trying roactemra
My first time ever trying birth control. I accidentally started it when I was spotting and and week later my period came. Now I 'm on my 18th day and I 've never been on my period this long before. I have in the past but only because I 've had a stressful month. I 'm shedding a lot more and have cramps and back ache from time to time. I 'm thinking of staying it on it for one more month since maybe my body is getting used to it so we 'll see. I 'm going to let my doctor know and keep her updated
i have been on topamax for a little over 6 years.  I started at 25 mg. and slowly went up to 250 mg.  I experienced the weight loss, tingling and the other minimal side effects at the lower dose but was encouraged to stay on the meds.  As i increased the dose, i started having hair loss, dizziness and &quot;white outs&quot; where i would not be able to see at all for up to 20-30 seconds at a time.  I also started having the memory  issues.  I started seeing a new neuro and we dropped me  down to 100 mg.  The hair loss stopped but I still get the vertigo.  I am now down to 50 mg.  I suffer from eye pain in my left eye and still the random dizziness- which is horrible.  Weaning off of this - I do Botox injections now for preventative with some relief
Benzodiazepines, are way better. Valium or clonazepam have a VERY long half life.(last about 18-24hours) This medicines work great for me, for overall Anxiety. In my case Xanax is the only drug that helps with my Panic Attacks. It works the fastest. And that is very important, when you have a bad event,   like Panic Attacks. Not Anxiety attacks, there is a big difference. Panic is a Event(Can last awhile).These can give you aftershocks after the initial event and initial dose of Xanax. Anxiety attacks don 't last long, and are not near as bad. Panic Attacks can be up to 10 times worse, than anxiety attacks. No triggers needed for Panic, in my case. Anxiety attacks usually center around  stress, difficult situations, etc.
I had burned my arm with a curling iron on Saturday and within a week I had put Neosporin on at least 8 times a day to keep my burn moist and I was also using bandages to help keep it on during work and at bed time.  My arm had become swollen and it itched a lot.  I thought the itching was due to it healing.  I decided to go the doctor due to the swelling.  The swelling was approximately two inches by three inches. Well come to find out I was using too much Neosporin and using it longer than you should. The doctor said I have Cellulitis and I have to take the antibiotic Keflex for 10 days to get rid of it. Always see the doctor first.
It has been 5 days into my dose of Minivelle.  My hot flashes reduced drastically,  however,  the very next day I developed severe arthritis in my knees.   It took me until today to realize this could be a side effect.  After reading- it is.  I have discontinued the patch and hopefully my knees will get better.
This is supposed to last 24 hours but it didn 't for me, I got 9 hours of relief. I like the original little red pills that lasted 4 to 6 hours. 
I was very happy with Belsomra till one night when both my legs went into unbearable spasms, my feet twisting inward. There was no other culprit for that strange and painful behavior, so I stopped taking it.
I was supposed to take this for supressive therapy, but I stopped after my outbreak because I couldn 't stand the side effects. This pill made me dizzy and I could hardly function at work. I don 't know if this or the HSV 1 is worse.
I am not one to write reviews about anything online but i thought I 'd share what happened to me while on this birth control. I experienced very light to absolutely no periods(which i was completely fine with). I wanted to switch from Beyaz to something with a lower dose of hormones thinking that was a healthy choice for my body boy was I wrong! I always had extremely clear skin but within the first 2 months on this pill i started to experience severe cystic breakouts that were so painful and red I didn 't want to leave my house and made me so self conscious. I also experienced dizziness and anxiety that came out of the blue. I cannot take the breakouts anymore so I 'm switching back to Beyaz tomorrow which I never had a problem with.
I am on the 3rd sheet of pills so about 3 months in... before taking i weighed 120 now I am 130... feel depressed, just this week started to get brown discharge and thick red blood clots, try to take the pill everyday with my coffee but I was an hour off a few times, my boobs grew from C to double DD I don 't mind but I do feel bloated and have had a couple angry depressed days..not sure its worth these symptoms but before I had such bad cramps n migraines was in bed every month for 2 days at least. Plus I thought only being 29 having early menopause with hot flashes n migraines this would help me... not sure yet. Staying on for another week or soo see what happens and the weight gain for me is the worst I don 't fit in my pants, plus need new bras.
51 yr old female. HCV   since 1985 when it was called Non a Non b Hepatitis. Have done three other tx 's in 12 yrs, interferon and riba then peg interferon and riba. Anaphylaxis to pegylated. Stage 2 fibrosis pushed to cirrhosis. Ten yrs later got a place on Abbvie trial, 2015. Lasted 3 weeks until hospitalized with liver failure. Since then FDA have slapped drug protocol for these meds with a caveat that no one with decomp cirrhosis, Child Pugh score more than A should ever be treated with those meds. Harvoni has had its bad luck cases but nothing like what happened to decomp patients on the Abbvie protocol. Began Harvoni three days ago with justified trepidation. No sides at all first two days, very slight nausea and chills today.
I started Nexplanon in March of 2015. It 's been more than a year, and I 'm worried about my physical and mental health. I am now 18 years old, and have been through depression and a suicidal attempt before getting Nexplanon. Fortunately, I have not had any suicidal ideation for a long time, and with the help of therapists and family I have made great accomplishments. Although, I 've been complaining more and more that I 'm exhausted during the day. My friends now know me as the one who always falls sleep in school. I also want to state that I have my period EVERY DAY!! It is pretty light sometimes but it 's a pain. I told a family member that I have it every day of the year, and they were very concerned!! This doesn 't seem healthy!
I was so excited about this new drug.  I gained about 20 pounds after my 2nd child then an extra 20 from Viibryd. My insurance didn 't cover it but the Dr gave me free samples. The first week was hell for me. I felt like I was pregnant all over again. Horrible fatigue, super nauseous and my emotions we 're off. I felt like I was going to having panic attacks. The fatigue was the worst! After day 6 I 'm quitting.
I 've been on cefdinir for a week now, I still have pain,blisters, and all the side effects. I 've had strep throat 5 times in the past 6 months, I 'm a catcher of it. I 've been on amoxicillin before too.
4 days in on first 2 weeks.  Using on arms and face. Put vaseline on lips, under eyes and in nostrils to protect from cream.  So far no reaction at all.  I know I have many pre cancer and thought I would light up like a Christmas tree but so far so good.  Maybe it 's coming but time will tell.
In the airforce I had a quack colonel who decided to change my xanax to buspar. It was so bad I could not stand up with or without taking it with food. It felt like daydreaming. Luckily I was put back on xanax.
It calms me down a little bit, but it makes me drowsy more than anything.
This made my son so extremely tired.  Also changed his personality
I was on this for 5 months and had none stop bleeding. I also experienced severe hair loss, weakness and fatigue (probably due to blood loss), as well as terrible mood swings. The one positive thing was that I had no pregnancy scares in the 5 months I was on it. Was not the birth control for me.
I don 't usually write reviews, but I feel obliged to do so for this one. In many ways, Effexor helped with my clinical depression and gave me boost of energy that I otherwise didn 't get with typical SSRIs. On the other hand within 2-3 weeks of taking it, I felt a sudden energy boost where I felt like I could do a million things at once. Before I could never wake up in the morning and felt groggy, and then all of a sudden I was up at 5:00am to do yoga 5 days a week. This pattern of hyperactivity continued for on end, until finally I flipped out and became suicidal. At this time I was on 200mg of Effexor and could simply not function without it. After the terrible withdrawal of weaning off, I finally feel relaxed.
Was on this for a few months, it 's newer to the market. It didn 't work at all for me. Prozac is the only successful antidepressant I 've taken.
I get migraines with aura so i cannot be on the pill. I got the paraguard (nonhormonal) june 2015. My body could not adjust. I would get my period at random times, very irregular, sometimes lasting 14 days. The periods were very heavy and clotty. I would fill a super tampon every hour. Back pain, breast pain, and shooting leg pain down to my foot. It took 7 months for my body to adhere to a regular cycle with no spotting; however, the pain and heaviness remained. I put up with it for 1 year and 3 months. With Preventing pregnancy- works like a charm, but side effects were too painful for me. Finally i had enough. I got it removed and just got the Nexplanon (progesterone only) inserted into my arm. Wish me luck
Helped little with my POTS symtoms, being transferred to midodrine
When I first started this BC I liked it...first month no bleeding missed my period totally and my nipples hurt so bad I thought I was pregnant but then a week into the second month my period showed up. I lost weight that I gained on previous birth controls so I liked that about this pill but now I 've been on it for 6 months and I 've noticed the past 2 months I 've had little To no sex drive and it makes discharge REALLY thick I don 't like that , also it 's making it so it 's nearly impossible to orgasm all of a sudden and I 'm getting acne.I 'm not super happy with this BC and I 'm going to switch but I am glad it worked well for 4-6 months considering how sensitive I am to BC pills.
I started Saxenda last July 2016. In the first two months I lost 4% of my body weight. After that, it stopped. I continued on for another two months, with no change. The information that comes with the drug says to stop taking if there is no change after 4%. I did stop. The weight came back on. I spoke with my doctor in December, and she encouraged me to start again.One side affect I 've had, other than some mild nausea, is red itchy welts at the injection sites, when I start on the 1.2 mg and higher doses. The itchiness was intense. Started taking Benedryll, which  helped. In time, the itchiness reduced, but still get red marks.My drug co pays for the drug, but not the needles. Needles are expensive!
Used 3-4 mg dose for autism related meltdowns during teen years.  Made my son very irritable and agitated.  Did not notice sleepiness.  Just an overall grumpy, agitated attitude towards everything.
Very little positive effects on muscle tightness
Nuvaring sent me on a roller coaster ride. This is the first BC I 've tried. The ring is a great idea. I like that you can place it and forget it. Problems arose quickly however with side effects. Within the first week, I became excessively tired, wanting to sleep 10  hours. I experienced terrible mood swings, and spent entire random days feeling like I could cry about everything. I thought it would get better with time but after the first month, I became incredibly dry vaginally (eyes, mouth and skin were dry too - couldn 't drink enough water). I saw my doctor who explained that I might react this way to any birth control. The irritation became too much to handle and with my doctor 's direction, I have discontinued use (made it two months).
im 21 and this is my very first time being on any kind of BC, so I was extremly nervous. I did tons of research on many different brands of pills and finally came across ortho cyclen; which had wonderful reviews. I asked my doctor specifically for the ortho cyclen brand pill. I went to the pharmacy to pick up my rx and ended up getting sprintec, the generic brand. I was told it was the same ingredients as ortho. whatever. :/  This week marks my first month on sprintec and the first week was ROUGH. Nausea and vomiting every morning, disorientation, fatigue.  HUGE loss of apetite. Which is not good in my case, being that I was 105lbs when I started.  I have to force myself to eat now. Loss of apetite is the only side effect I cant deal with.
After I had a reaction to Marvelon, my gyn gave me this saying that I would have a continuous supply of hormones never dropping.No mood swings or panic attacks like on Marvelon but instead I got really bad vaginal pain. I had swollen up to the point that I couldn 't put tampons in during that period. Needless to say if your allergic to latex and other plastics this might not be the method for you.
I had Implanon inserted in July  '12. It has been just about six months, and I am probably looking to have it removed. The insertion was fine- I thought it was painful but I didn 't find it unbearable. At first, I was SO happy with not having my period. But since Thanksgiving - over a month and a half - I have been bleeding! It is light, but constant, sometimes brown, sometimes red. I have never had acne like I have experienced with Implanon as well. I would be able to deal with the acne if I wasn 't bleeding for weeks. 
This drug will knock you out for sure, but it has some really crazy side effects that I didn 't think would actually happen to me, mainly doing stuff that I don 't remember at all -- one night I made an extremely hefty online purchase and had no recollection of it. I also &quot;drunk text&quot; on Ambien, or otherwise say things verbally to people that I don 't remember. This has happened a number of times and actually caused a lot of problems in my last relationship. I 've woken up literally covered in food. It also worsened my depression. Not a great experience.
I have been on Microgestin for 3 years now and ever since I got on the pill I have noticed something very strange that was super uncomfortable and uncontrollable, excessive sweating. For the past 3 years, I have tried every type of deodorant, anti-perspirant, and even getting laser in my armpits! Just last night I connected to dots and it all led back to this pill. I have a hormone imbalance and I still have to find another alternative for birth control. With reading the different reviews keep in mind that every woman 's body is completely different and all have totally different hormones and ways that your body can react to it. Something to take from my experience: look into better birth controls before deciding on this pill in particular.
I 've been on the patch for 2 weeks now, I made sure to follow instructions when placing it on my skin but each time I workout it immediately becomes loose or falls off. The box does not come with a backup or replacement patch so it is not possible for me to afford 2 boxes or more per month to make up for the patches falling off. Would not recommend.
Have been taking 10-40 dosage for a little over 6 months.  Agree with everyone that it seemed like a miracle medicine the first couple of days %u2013 %u201Cfinally something that worked on my blood pressure%u201D. Then started having dizziness, severe flushes, and night sweats (not hot-flashes which was already over with), muscle pain (started taking increase in calcium, potassium and magnesium and then read in side-effects for Azor that taking potassium with Azor may cause damage to the heart. Also noticed hair loss, which has worsened as time went on, and now noticing patches of hair loss, again, %u201CHm-mm....Would I rather have hair loss or low blood pressure?%u201D  It is a toss-up, especially since I have tried at least 20 other medications with no success. Going to see my doctor tomorrow, hopefully there is a remedy for me and good luck to the rest of you.
I 've been on Wellbutrin XL 150mg for 7 weeks now (adult ADD and comorbid depression). I experienced some of the common side effects such as dry mouth and loss of appetite, but everything came back to normal after a few weeks. Sadly, I haven 't noticed much change in terms of mood or attention/focus... It hasn 't worsened but it hasn 't improved either. Then again I know this is a low dose. I saw my doctor today and he switched my prescription to Wellbutrin XL 300mg. I 'm starting tomorrow and I hope it will work better for me. I 'm eager to give it another try since I 've seen a lot of positive reviews on here :)
Crohn 's for 16 years, recent IBS diagnosis. This medicine was very effective 18 months ago. I went off it for 2 weeks 6 months ago to see if I still needed it, and thought it was still helping. I didn 't know the nausea, extreme tiredness, and weird head symptoms (like I drank too much coffee/high, dizzyish) could be related to this med since I 'd already been on it for a while. The nausea and weird head symptoms got progressively worse and more persistent where some days I 'd just need to nap right after waking and was not functional, while trying to raise 4 young kiddos. Thank God, I finally eliminated the dicyclomine, after changing many things about my life. Now those symptoms are gone. Still IBS symptoms that I will deal with for now.
I had the implanon for 3 years before getting Nexplanon. The doctors told me Nexplanon was the same as implanon, but it 's definitely not. On implanon, I gained some weight over the 3 years (probably 15 lbs) but I was able to lose it with exercise. The Nexplanon is terrible. I 've gained probably 30 lbs since I had it put in in January 2014. I 'm moody and have no sex drive. I exercise regularly and eat fairly well. I keep gaining weight and I hate it. I love the convenience of this birth control but I can 't handle the side effects. I 'm giving it 3 more months to see if my body can adjust to it but if not.....I 'm done. Whatever they changed from implanon to Nexplanon was a terrible decision.
I started out on 5mg and was okay. Was a little nausea at first...but needed to increase my dose due to the seasons. When I got put on 10mg.... the vomiting and sickness really kicked in. Almost every time I take it.... I vomit 10 minutes later. I 'm also way more tired than I ever have been. I feel emotionless, and like I could sleep all day everyday. My mind feels Ike I can 't think sometimes. The 5mg never did any of this. All this started when I increased my dose.
I suffer from acid reflux terribly. Had my gallbladder taken out bc they thought that was the pain I was having. Still years later and same pain. After many antacids they decided to try me on Prevacid 30mg with sulcrafate 4x a day. The first month worked great. I was slightly constipated off and on. Itchy the first day. Started a second month and Dr allowed me to take 3x a day as rules and restrictions for taking sulcrafate are almost impossible 4 x a day. This time I have had diarrhea for the past 3 weeks non stop and felt lightheaded and dizzy. I will be stopping the sulcrafate.
I am 23 years old and have not had any children and I believe this is a lot of the reason why paragard reeked such havoc on my uterus and body. I gave Paragard a shot because I was told it was one of the most &quot;natural&quot; forms of birth control and I have never met a pill that I could tolerate. I thought the no hormones involved with the Paragard would be the answer for me. I had the IUD in for a year and was miserable the whole year. Here were some of my symptoms...Chronic lower back pain which made it uncomfortable to sit for long periods of time, Sharp pain in my right hip area which travelled down my leg to my foot, 2 week long periods with heavy flow &amp; painful cramps, Light headedness when exercising, anxiety, mood swings, irritability.
Fluticasone Nasal spray has been on my meds list for about 5 years.  I used it religiously for about 2 years, thought it lame, stopped it for about a year, then my Primary MD sent me to an ENT, who put me back on it.  I have again been using it regularly for about 2 years.I STILL believe that it is lame.  It does NOT prevent my nose from constantly running.  I go through a large box of tissue in less than a week!  I maintain control of my allergens in my home (where I am most of the time), but even with that, the fluticasone still doesn 't help.
I have had really bad period experience in the past so I am used to the pain from cramps. On my first month when I started taking the pill my period was so painful I took 9 midols in one day. I know it was a bad idea but I could not stand the pain. I had nose bleeds (which I had never had before). My doctor said to stay on it and see if my body would get used to it. My period pains got better but I was exhausted all the time. I just wanted to sleep and I gained ten pounds. So after being on it for only five months I decided it wasn 't worth it.
My first dose went down OK in spite of the repulsive flavor. I have done other bowel preps before. The bowel cleaned out quickly, starting in 15 min. The next morning 's dose caused extreme and violent vomiting after taking half the dose. I waited one hour and tried finishing the 2nd dose. Again, extreme and violent vomiting. Prior to colonoscopy, extreme nausea, headache and faintness. After colonoscopy, extreme vomiting, dangerous low blood pressure in spite of having received 2 Zofran against nausea. Unable to eat until following day also weakness and headache. Weakness continued until following day. I am healthy, strong, 45 years old, a runner and lacto-ovo vegetarian. I was told to never use this prep again by GI doctor.
I started using this product when I became serious with my boyfriend. I 'm very scatterbrained so using it has been amazing in regards to never worrying about missing a pill. I can just leave it in and not worry. After being on it for only 3 months, I noticed an extreme weight gain, loss of sex drive, virtually no vaginal fluid, breast tenderness, anxiety, and severe mood swings. But I stayed on it, hoping it would pass. It hasn 't. 2 years later, I 'm only on it for convenience. I 'm switching this week.
I got the Nexplanon because I struggle with Endometriosis. Since my doctor didn 't want to do surgery and I 've had bad reactions on other estrogen-based hormonal bc, she suggested I try the Nexplanon implant. At first, I thought it was fine. I felt kind of odd but I thought it was fine. By the end of the year on Nexplanon, I had gained 30 pounds, was having depressive episodes, almost fainted a few times among other things. While my period pain was better (since I rarely had periods at all), the emotional symptoms were much worse. Some of this might not be Nexplanon or maybe Nexplanon made certain conditions worse. It 's impossible to say for sure but this was my experience.
I am nearly at a year with Nexplanon. I have been bleeding nearly every single day for this entire year. I wanted to commit to the birth control, and I hoped that my cycle would become regular; instead, the rare week that I am not bleeding I have incredibly painful cramps. Not sure if this is related, but my chin has developed unprecedented acne(from what I understand, the chin is the hormonal part of the face that breaks out). Truly the bleeding makes it not worth it. I have destroyed every cute pair of knickers I own. It 's been a year of CONSTANT light, but irritating bleeding. Not pregnant though, so cheers to that.
I have been prescribed this combination of Metformin 500/ Sitagliptin50mg once a day in the morning dose. But it is not working as I am taking this for last 1 year, my HbA1c has raised to 7 from 5.7 Bad to note my  Postprandial glucose levels are not in control where as with 1000Mg of Metformin over night I found the levels are more controlled. I dont understand what to do ? Because from controlled level this has gone uncontrolled. Sitagliptin is not working - thus I believe.
I 've had skyla for 8 months. Insertion was what I expected. Hurt but right after I went to the grocery store. Next day I hurt but took it easy around those house. I was 25 when I got it. 26 now, I was on lo lo estrin before this. For the last 5 years. With that I had no periods &amp; no cramps ever! I had to switch because I couldn 't afford the $120price tag. I 'm on month 8. I 've had nine periods. Most range 7-9 days and they come every 2 weeks. With horrible cramping 2-3 days. I break out now with bad acne. I 've never had bad skin. So to me sure I haven 't gotten pregnant but I 'm miserable about 50% of the time
My Doctor asked if I was interested in trying Qsymia to help jump start weightloss after I had my son. I have hypothyroidism so losing weight is never easy so I thought &quot;why not&quot;. I did lose about 30lbs fairly quickly but thats when it went downhill. It stopped working so she raised the dosage...well, let me tell you...MIGRAINES every night. I didnt have any other side effects but they were so bad, it wasn 't worth it. THEN when I stopped I got them again! Anything thats messing with my brain scares me. I toughed it out and the migraines stopped but I am slowly gaining the weight back without any diet change at all whatsoever. I went to my endocrinologist and he said to expect weight gain automatically if you stop taking a weightless drug.
I started out with RLS in about 2002 where my doc prescribed Klonopin.  My symptoms in the beginning were feelings of just a gnat or a fly landing on my leg with me needing to move my leg.  After a few years my family moved to another state, and when I went to a neurologist there, they took me off the Klonopin (because it is addictive).  The doc put me on Mirapex/generic pramipexole.  It seemed to work for a while, but during the days at work, and especially in the car on the drive home, I just couldn 't keep my legs still.  The feeling was like when the doctor hits your kneecap when he 's checking your reflexes and your leg just goes nuts.  I couldn 't keep still.  Sometimes the feeling was just that (guess I ran out of space) what good does
Worst birth control experience. This pill made me relapse in my depression and caused the most annoying mood swings. I have never had acne until I started this pill, and the painful acne was on my face, back, and shoulders. I am a fit girl, but have certainly lost muscle mass from this pill. I have been on Lutera for 2 months and I will not be using it again :(
I was advised by my GP to take this medicine for my acne. Although my acne is not extremely severe, usally consisting of 3-4 spots a a month, I asked my doctor what she would recommend after trying a bunch of OTC skincare products. She suggested Minocycline, as I had previously been on it to fight an infection I had when I was still very young and had a VERY low chance of allergic reactions. The first week and a half was alright, and I had noticed that my skin had been getting less red and that the acne on my face was improving as well. Around the second week, I started to notice that I had welts forming on my body and I was constantly itching. My GP told me that I had grown to be allergic to the medicine and was taken off it.
I 've been using Ambien for about 4 to 5 years now. I also take a pain medication for a back injury. My doctor switched me to Ambien CR and the side effects were horrible. I felt angry beyond my control, confused, experienced memory loss, and crazy hallucinations. This was about 2 weeks ago and I 'm still trying to put the pieces together. Make sure if you take this pill you check for drug interactions and be in bed ready to sleep. It 's good and sad to know I 'm not the only one.
I am struggling with menopausal weight gain.  I 've been on Contrave for 3 days and I 'm starving all day. A little bit of nausea, but not enough to quit the medicine just yet. I 'll follow up next month.
Abnormal dreams and bothersome while taking sensipar.  I have difficulty sleeping . Bad dreams stop and return to normal if I skip the dose
Before lolo I was on aleese and it was terrible for my skin. Before I changed birth controls I noticed my discharge was brown , my doctor said this was normal , but it slowly got heavier , and now that I 've started lolo(a little over a week ago)  I have bad cramps and I 've been bleeding the entire time on lolo. Also when I get up I 'm very dizzy and easily exhausted. I 'm not sure if it has changed my skin yet
I started the shot about 4 months ago. The first few weeks it was great and I loved not having to take a pill everyday. Then I started spotting, but I knew it was a side effect and thought it would stop. The spotting/bleeding continued for 3 months, on and off. When I would think it stopped, I 'd have sex and it would start bleeding during or after sex. After the 3 months ended I was so excited that I wouldn 't have to ruin anymore underwear and buy any more tampons but I was wrong, every now and then I spot and bleed during or after sex. It is annoying and inconvenient. This is a great thing if you really don 't want to get pregnant but if it is just for cramps and heavy periods I do not recommend.
I have onychomycosis in both big toes. The Jublia helped somewhat with one of two. The other toe looks no different than before I started the medication.
I was prescribed a 1%HC 1/4% camphor 1/4% menthol mix for a PUPPP 's rash I have developed at 32 weeks of pregnancy. I was told only to apply it twice a day,but I find it works for about an hour only and then is pretty much useless to me. I spend majority of my days and nights sleepless with an ice pack on the effected areas.  Nothing works.  I can 't even take a cool bath because its uncomfortable to have a cool bath, but any amount of heat just makes it more itchy and stings.
I was on this medicine for two weeks,  i felt fine even a little happier,  but for 3 days straight I went into a major depression, I have stopped taking it.
I was on Levora (brand) for several months before switching to Levlen (generic) due to my pharmacy being unable to stock the brand name drug.  Over the last several months on Levlen I 've noticed my moodiness increasing and my sex drive drastically decreasing.  This happened once before when switching from brand to generic.
After I had my son, 6 weeks later I got the implant. I thought it was a great idea. (I have always been fit and was able to lose weight with no problem). After the implant, I bled for 3 months STRAIGHT. Doctor said this was normal. It eventually died down. During those 3 months I also gained 30 pounds! I would work out 6 days a week, health diet. I have lost nothing. I bleed for months at a time. Horrible cramps and headaches. So moody. And tired. I 'm not pregnant though. Needless to say, the implant will be removed in a few days after having it for 2 years. Use at your own risk. Works for some, but not all. Good luck. Hope this helps.
I 've been on this medication for about 2 months and I 've already gained 15 pounds. I 'm not complaining about bigger boobs and a bigger butt, but when your starting weight is only 102 gaining that much weight makes me feel huge! I initially went on it to help with bleeding between periods and it did a great job of stopping that, but I 'm scared to keep taking it because I 'm gaining soooo much weight!
I bought this medication this morning and took two puffs! Now I am cough cough coughing!  It did clear my sinuses but created another irritant...I do not have asthma nor suffer from year round allergies.
Terrible... Gave it a 3 because yes it works but also gave it only a 3 because of the TERRIBLE side effects. Gained about 40+ pounds in 6 months which is crazy, mood swings, complete and total loss of sex drive, headaches and had a period for 3 weeks and it was completely irregular. The cons out way the pros here. Yes it works as a birth control but do you really
Taking Embel once a week now (Started the day before Christmas 12/24/16). I have had Ankylosing Spondylitis for over 17 years but was misdiagnosed until 3/15. The doctors always told me that I had chronic fatigue syndrome and fibromyalgia. It first started at @ age 37. I could hardly make it through a week without going in and getting IVs full of vitamins and saline. I finally came across a Nurse Practitioner who prescribed me vitamin B injections (twice a week), vitamin D (once a week), and Folic Acid  (Deplin - once a week). This really was helpful but the pain was horrific &amp; I never felt right. And I had boughts with bad pain in my Achilles - left foot. There is more to my story but this site will not allow me to type it.
I was previously on Ocella for a few years and found that one to work great except for breakthrough bleeding. I switched to Loestrin 24 for about 6 months and I am coming off of it. I became so depressed and felt like I was in a fog. I have always been a pretty happy person. It was so bad I had to just stop taking the pills in the middle of the 7th month after constantly being on birth control pills since I was a teenager. I did a lot of research about the estrogen and progestin ingredients and am going to try Apri. 
my first trial experience :fall a sleep within one hour after taking the tablet  but just for one hour then again for 3 hours .it help in starting sleep but not  its not continuous , next day felt as if i took antihistamine.
I have fibromyalgia and chronic fatigue. Ambien worked like a charm for two months. Then it completely stopped being effective.
The first month I got the implant I bleed for 2 weeks and then it stopped, which was manageable. Now I 'm back at school the second month that I was due to have a period with Nexplanon, and have been bleeding for 4 weeks straight. I had to call the doctor to see if this is normal because it is really hindering on the amount of money spent on tampons and pads, and my relationship with my significant other. The only thing the doctor recommended was taking ibuprofen to help slow the bleeding, which helps slightly. I got Nexplanon to ease the difficulty with having to be on my feet all day long, however this honestly sucks more than a normal period.
While this medicine was effective in lowering my blood pressure it had numerous negative side effects.  It made me very sleepy, sensitive to heat, caused my ankles and legs to swell up so I needed a diuretic, it caused acid reflux with or without food, flushing, and made my depression much worse.  I have since weaned off.
Worsened heart problems.I was on the medication a month and was doing fairly well. However, I suffer from occasional Afib ( usually about 1-2x month) Had it daily while using this drug. My Cardiologist took me off and Afib went back to 1-2 month. I 'd be weary if you have any heart problems.
I started Trinessa about 2 months ago while visiting family.vThe 1st day was seemingly perfect. My period ended within hours of taking it. Then the 2nd day we went to the water park and I was attacked by a horrible bout of nausea. I ended up vomiting at the water park then 2 more times later that afternoon. I took it the next day and 4 more days following and threw up 3 times each day about 4 hours after taking the dosage. I had no choice but to quit taking it. I couldn 't handle the nausea and ongoing sickness. 
I 'm not sure what other people experience months after the insertion, but I had my Liletta inserted in mid November and I have bled or have had spotting every day since insertion. I either have to use tampons or a  pad depending on the day but I can never go without one or the other. It is super effective as birth control for me, as I never want to have sex with my husband per all the blood. I will be looking for an alternative birth control method.
I was started on Methylphenidate as a teenager due to fatigue and ADD. Not ADHD. For a long time, I found that it helped, I could stay focused, my mood was better...until I was into my 30 's...I was put back on it and a year or two later, I was switched to Adderall, then back to Methylphenidate. I began to feel very emotional, crying out of nowhere, everything seemed amplified and my anxiety was through the roof! My behavior was reckless, it was a nightmare! I went from a stable single mom, to an emotional wreck, on a downward spiral. My doctor took me off of it, immediately. Once off of it, all of that stopped. Its definitely a drug to be careful with.
My 6 yr old son just starting taking the medicine a week ago and has been over the top emotional, a lot of crying over nothing at his daycare during the day.  He started at 10mg which did nothing but makes him cry so he went to 20mg for 3 days which seemed to work for about 2 days.  Today we put him up to 30mg to see how it goes.  I 'm worried about the emotional side effects and really hope that it subsides.
I was on 1mg of risperdone at night for psychotic symptoms from my depression. It didn 't help with the voices, although it did make me feel calmer about things. It 's apparently meant to be sedating although I didn 't find this. Side effects I experienced were increased prolactin (normal is anything below 500 and mine was 16,000!) so I 've had to discontinue it due to high levels of prolactin, and it also upset my stomach!
Mirena did not work for me, I have tried the pill and Implanon prior to the IUD. At first it was fine and insertion was not that bad. I had Mirena in for 6 months and never had a period. It was extremely effective, but in the end the benefits were outweighed by the detriments. I began having extreme anxiety which is strange for me because I am have never been the type. I had shortness of breath, dizziness, and would get light headed. I began having panic attacks that went from mild to severe which prompted me to get it removed. It has now been three weeks since removal and my anxiety has reduced greatly. 
I got the Mirena in August of 2012 after having our 3 little blessing since then I 've had weird periods one month, I bleed almost a month then wouldn 't have one for 2 months and when I did have a period it lasted over 10 days.  The past few months I bleed after intercourse and is very painful afterwards and hubby doesn 't understand why I don 't want to anymore. Also sharp constant pains in my lower abdominal area.
I switched from Junel Fe to Aviane because Junel made me break out. While my skin was flawless on Aviane for the 4 days I took it, I had severe mood swings. I would wake up angry and nauseous and cry almost three times a day for no reason at all. I had the same reaction to Plan B, and the progestin used in that is the same in Aviane. After 4 days on this medicine I switched back to Junel, and I 've been happy ever since! Lesson: don 't switch birth control if acne is your only complaint. Stay with the medicine you have the least amount of side effects with.
1 shot, due another in August and wondering.  Constipation very severe, fatigue, hip pain, upper arm pain  and shooting pains in head.  I do not know if there are other options available and scared to take second shot in case things get worse.
Only took twice a day for my ankylosing spondylitis .  Had little relief if any at all.  Vimovo worked much better but after a couple months had horrible GI side effects.
I was prescribed this by a PA who also works for the FDA. I was a bit hesitant to try at first after reading the patient pamphlet from the pharmacy. I gave in once the PA assured me that it was an established medicine that has been around for decades with few if any side effects. After approximately two months on this, I was amazed at how clear my skin had become. However, I also noticed that my teeth were beginning to develop brown spots on them as if I had just eaten chocolate.  I shared this concern with the PA during a follow-up visit and she claimed to have never heard of that side effect in adults. I was advised to discontinue the medicine. 
I wrote a few days ago regarding my very first experience with the ring which that was my first day with it. I experienced nausea and fatigue and as the days progressed things became somewhat worse. I ended up feeling dizzy and lightheaded and moody and not motivated to have sex. I removed it earlier today and am already feeling much better without it. I wished so bad that it would not affect me so much badly. But unfortunately it did. 
I have only been on this birth control for a little over 2 weeks now. I have not been on birth control for over 3 years and had a baby almost a year ago. I quit breastfeeding and decided to go on birth control until me and my husband wanted to try for another. I put it in on the first day of my period like the pamphlet and my gyn told me and I have been bleeding for 2 weeks! I originally got online to see if other women had this happen and even called my gyno to make sure everything was ok. Apparently it is just breakthrough bleeding eventhough you would think that would only be during the middle of the month not for 2 weeks straight! There are no cramps and its very little but extremely annoying. I do like that I can take it out during sex.
I 'm a 19 year old female who has now been on Topamax for 6 weeks, 150mg daily. I have a daily headache that ranges from pain threshold of 1 to 5, plus nausea, with a haze over my brain which slows down capability and causes general fatigue. Every 3 weeks this works its way up until a major migraine attack of a 9. But with Topamax the daily headache so far has reduced to a 1/2.
This medication was prescribed to me by my psychiatrist for thr chronic pain I suffer from in my legs and lower back. He doesn 't prescribe opiates in his scope of practice but still wanted to help me out. This drug takes awhile to kick in. It 's very unfortunate especially when you have pain that needs to be relieved ASAP. Everytime I take this pill it makes me feel emotional and physically impaired as if I had a drink. It helps a bit for my restless legs but for pain it really doesn 't do anything. It definitsly does not relieve anxiety or panic disorder. Keep in mind I amstill on a low dose of 200 Mg per day but my PCP wanted to increase it to 300 Mg three times a day, which I disagreed with. It 's not effective for pain and anxiety for me.
I was diagnosed with PMDD about 9 months ago, after tracking symptoms with my Gynecologist. We tried the Yaz/Zoloft treatment (25mg) for three months, one week prior to your period. The first month, it worked like a charm. The second, I started feeling off, almost numb to things. By the third, I was a basket case. This is also when the weight gain kicked in - I gained almost 15 lbs in 5-6 weeks. If I wasn 't depressed before, this definitely did the trick. My Doctor then took me off the Yaz/Zoloft regimen and opted to stop my periods altogether, to stop the monthly hormone fluctuation. I have been on Seasonique for three months and it has been amazing! I am finally feeling back to myself after almost a year.
I had my Nexplanon inserted July 2016 after an accidental pregnancy and subsequent abortion. At first, the implant seemed like a dream. My period disappeared for the first three months. I did notice that my appetite was near nonexistent, which is not ideal for an active person. I went from working out 6 days a week to barely feeling good enough for the quick bike ride to work. As the months went on, my period got crazy - 14 day cycles - until this past month 's 11 day period. Over the course of the last 8 months, I 've forgotten who I am; my depression and anxiety have been surfacing much more frequently and I 've gained 10 pounds. I got the implant out 2/21, and now I have the worst nausea of my life. I just want to feel like myself again.
I am a statin Intolerant  patient who was initially excited to try this new drug. Was easy to administer and seemed to be working with little side effects (minor cough and cold symptoms).  Total Cholesterol went from 203 to 98 after just two months. As I continued to use the drug developed severe shortness of breath and heart palpitations. Sadly apparently I can 't tolerate this drug either.  After further research, there is little research on long term side effects. My pharmacist told me that patients are reporting my same symptoms and even memory loss.  Not the drug for me.
I 've been taking lexapro for depression and anxiety for the past 3 or so months. at first I saw a change in my mood and anxiety levels, and my anxiety overall is a bit better. I don 't know whether i need to talk to the doctor about upping my dosage or about taking another medication on the whole. Anyone else have or had this problem with lexapro?
I am in the beginning of my third year of having the Implanon, and the worst part for me is the nausea. I did not have any trouble with my periods but there would be times when I felt slightly queasy. It has steadily gotten worse and more frequent. Ginger pills which seem to help. I am grateful that I never got pregnant but this isn 't the birth control for me!
I am 21 and have not had children yet. My husband and I thought Mirena was a good idea because we want to wait a few years to conceive since I am in college still, and we want to be more settled before we start trying. Well I was nervous about the procedure, which was pretty painful but all I said was woah! No tears or anything so it wasn 't THAT bad. However, since I have had Mirena (4 months) I have had heavy cramping (like if I stand up I get lightheaded and the pain is almost unbearable) and unpredictable periods with light to really, really heavy bleeding. I am going to give it 2 more months, however my husband is seriously encouraging me to have it taken out since he hates seeing me in intense pain regularly.
Crestor lowered my cholesterol but the muscle pain in my back was intolerable.  So I finally started taking CoQ10 and the back pain went away. But for the following two years I thought I had shin splints. It was the Crestor.
It gave me excruciating cramps and I thought I was dying. I had to run to the bathroom constantly with explosive, watery stools. It gets the poop out but geez, do you pay for it.
Clindamycin gel is no more effective than using an over the counter acne medication. Your practitioner will likely couple this topical acne med with benzoyl peroxide (to avoid bacteria resistance). As always, consult with a doctor after 8-12 weeks of using this product. Didn 't clear my acne but improved my skin.
I&rsquo;ve been taking 10 mg for a few weeks now but I don&rsquo;t think it&rsquo;s helping. I cry myself to sleep every night. My parents notice a difference in my mood but it&rsquo;s only because I&rsquo;ve stopped showing emotion around other people. I save my feelings for when I&rsquo;m alone.
One day treatment - seems to work in a few days but boy that first night is pure torture. It burns like hell and is unbearable. Minimized leakage with a tampon and protected area with generous use of petroleum jelly. 
In 2014 I was diagnosed with PCOS. I was 14 years old and had no idea what to expect. In 2017 I was switched from Tri-Previfem to Junel FE 1/20, the 21 day pack. I 've been on it for 3 months now. In that time span I 've been constantly woken up from nightmares and have anxiety attacks and heart palpations. My mood has literally been off the wall. I snap at everything. If someone even asks me a question I blow up. I 'm also constantly nauseous. I honestly thought I was pregnant at first, but many doctors and home tests proved me wrong. I wouldn 't suggest this because I 've never had problems with anxiety before this. Definitely going to my gyno to switch soon!!
Applied 5% topic twice daily (as prescribed)Hair regrowth very significant, both at top of head and front line, within 3 or 4 months after starting using the drugBUT severe impotence and anxiety, irregular heart beat; such side effects disappeared shortly after discontinuing the use of Minoxidil topic 5%
I was on this bc 2 &amp; a half months before I decided to stop. This was not my first BC &amp; previously I had no issues with bc. The first month was okay but around the 2nd month I started having terrible nausea at nighttime. To the point where I wasn 't able to leave the house. I also had extremely decreased libido. Went from having sex daily to maybe once a week. No change in weight or appetite other than not wanting to eat because of the nausea. I have now been off of trisprintec for about a week &amp; haven 't had any nighttime nausea at all. Every bc effects everyone differently but this was not the one for me.
I 've been taking 50 mg of fluvoxamine 8 days.  It works amazing for getting the horrible thoughts I experience daily to leave my mind - I can just turn it off &amp; feel normal &amp; calm. If it  didn 't  have so many negative side effects, it would be the perfect medication for me.  I 've been experiencing headaches, nausea, lack of motivation, trouble getting up in the morning, lack of concentration, it 's completely killed my sex drive &amp; it make me feel almost wired at bed time , before I crash into a drug induced sleep. It also makes me feel constantly hungry, even after a large meal. If I were to keep taking this I think I 'd become obese. I rated it a 3 because it worked for what I needed it for. Disappointed it wasn 't for me:(
I tried it for a year, I was happy with it (except the first 2 weeks..that sucked). Then this month IDK what happened, I couldn 't get it the week I needed it so I put the new one on a week late. Long story short  I had really bad cramps, dizzy, headaches, and a 6 week long period..while on the birth control which is supposed to stop it for 3 weeks at a time...
I started titrating and I 'm close to reaching max dose of 50mg 2x day. I have experienced severe insomnia, restlessness, and anxiety along with depression.  I also take abilify, Ativan, klonopin, and extended release ambien and I still can 't fall asleep. The fibro pain however, is almost gone.
I had it inserted on halloween, I started my period ten days later and haven 't stopped bleeding since, I got it so I wouldn 't get pregnant but I 'm not gonna get pregnant if I don 't have sex with all this bleeding, I have been bleeding for 13 days.
I 'm fairly new to this pill. I have had very heavy, painful periods for the past few months so my doctor prescribed me this. I 'm only in my first week but very hesitant on staying with it. I started the day of my period. I 've had little cramps and light bleeding so that 's great and all, but for the past four days I 've had the most annoying headache. Not sure if this pain in my head is worth being cramp free.
Caused severe heart palpitations. Resting heart rate at a constant 155 bpm. After being taken off by doctor did notice it helped amazing with my fibromyalgia pain. I actually forgot for a few weeks about my constant pain. Since being off it pain is back. Wish I didn 't have the side effects.
My experience with Latuda is mostly negative. I have been on it for 5 months and will be tapering off in a couple of weeks thankfully.  The only good thing about it is it stabilized me in a severe mixed mania with psychosis episode, but other than that, the side effects are horrible.  It has done nothing for my depression the past two months and I have had anxiety and major irritability on it.  The nausea and vomiting is miserable.  I was prescribed zofran to offset the nausea but that is not so helpful either since the zofran causes constipation.  The 350 calorie requirement is a pain because you can 't take it with dinner or you fall asleep instantly, so I take it with a late night meal to last a few more hours, hence more weight gain.
Ladies, I must say I am so relieved to read some of these reviews. I have never had a problem with weight in my life and within 3 WEEKS of the insert of the Implanon, I gained 20 POUNDS. For the past 5 months, I have attempted to lose the weight, but its fairly close to impossible. I 've been on the Implanon for 6 months and I have a removal appointment tomorrow. While I did not experience spotting or lower back pains, I did suffer with headaches very often. 
There is an awful lot of things I have to take separately now and I usually always take my medicines with milk and that is a big adjustment. However it seems to be doing the trick but I have heartburn and a bad taste in my mouth all the time and I don 't like that at all. I will be taking my last dose on Thursday.
My mother has been taking it for one month and her dementia - which was mild - has gotten worse. She is confused and thinks that my brother lives with her. She was taking samples as she cannot afford the medicine
Personally this drug helped my mood swings greatly, however I was quite disturbed that it agitated my diet as much as it did. I have a co-morbid eating disorder which was agitated by the med. The Topirimate made it so I HAD to eat my food a very specific way. Something soft, yet crunchy at the same time. Normally I wouldnt complain, however it was always on my mind.I think the hardest thing about the med was the appetite suppression for me. I was down to eating one meal a day, which ultimately let to me not loosing any weight which I can say was very difficult for me. I had increased irritability, and I felt overly fatigued. I am also on Citalopram, which is a terrible combination if you 're prone to fatigue.
After using Viagra 50mg successfully for 8 years I gave the everyday 10mg Cialis a try.  During the free 30 day trial it was great.  But since then (I 'm paying for it now) the results have been eratic. It 's good for a week or two, and then nothing!  Very frustrating (and expensive) to have to take Viagra as well.  I 'm going back to Viagra even though it is less convenient.
I have had many problems (one being that it took me a lot of time for my body to get used to it) with this product. The worst side effect has been the onset of diabetes which this product is responsible for.  The question I had of my cardiologist is why in the world would he prescribe it to a high risk candidate like me -- I am Hispanic, in my 50s when it was prescribed.  I informed my PA of this after my last crisis and she is looking into prescribing a different product (one given at the hospital) but this after a few years on Toprol.  I figure that without the change from this medicine I don 't stand a chance of reversing my diabetic condition.
I was on the patch for about 4 months, and while it did a great job at preventing pregnancy, the side effects were too much for me. Because this is placed outside your body, the estrogen in this is a lot higher than a typical pill. I have naturally tan/olive skin, and this caused melasma (severe skin darkening) all around my mouth and I use sunblock everyday. Also, my emotions were a mess when on the patch. I had two of the biggest anxiety attacks on this pill, after the second one I immediately took the patch off and felt better within hours. I 'm happy to see that there are many women that this birth control method works for though, but I 'll have to keep looking.
In terms of a birth control method, this product works well. Thats the only good thing I have to say about.Take this with a grain of salt (every woman is different) but the side effects for me have sucked. I got the implant in 8 months ago and I get my period every single day since I got it inserted. Because of the constant tampons I have gotten UTI 'S, and on top of that I experience depression swings, which is so unlike me. I 'm over this method and getting it taken out next week, I CAN 'T WAIT.
My husband is an alcoholic and has been taking Antabuse for a week now. In the last 2 days the Antabuse hasn 't stopped his excessive drinking. The pills haven 't had any effect on him. I am really disappointed, I really wanted this to work. I know he was definitely taking the tablet everyday, because I watched him dissolve it in water then drink the whole glass. Now, I know there 's no stopping his drinking, it 's all up to me as a mother to leave him, because this behaviour is not acceptable around young children. So sad.
I am 25 (2016) and got it inserted in December 2014. Insertion: a painful procedure for a tiny insertion. Followed by intense discomfort and pelvic pain, constant bleeding and pelvic and vaginal pain. Symptoms: first month or so nonstop bleeding, mood imbalance.3 months. Continued frequent bleeding weight gain of 5 pounds. 6 months gained 15 pounds 1.5 years gained 20 pounds ( vegan, fit although no weight loss or maintenance) Experienced depressive symptoms such as lack of excitement, happiness, and lack of interest in previously preferred activities, fatigue and lethargy. I WAS GIVEN AS A METHOD TO TREAT NOT ONLY MENNORAGIA BUT OVARIAN CYST PAIN. REMOVE AS THIS IS COUNTERINTUITIVE AS ONE OF THE RISK
Not sure about any medicine I take.  But Januvia was 56 bucks in Sept 14, now it is 96 bucks,  Got a letter from them after complaining, their answer priced competitively, what does that mean when there is not competition?????   There is no Generic and they know it.  Tempted to take myself off of it, found that if I forget it for two days, I crash when resuming the medicine..
I use klonopin for panic disorder and RLS.  It works amazingly for my panic, but it has actually worsened my RLS!  It does make me sleepy, but every time I 'm about to doze off, the kicking and terrible feelings come back in my legs.  I can 't stop moving them for at least an hour.  I 'm glad it works for some people, but it doesn 't work for me. I 'm on 2 mg a day.
Been on this medication for a week now. My pain level for my back has increased, I 'm having the worst possible nightmares and I can no longer get comfortable sitting or laying down. The only plus side is my arthritis isn 't bothering me half as bad.
So I have had the nexplanon for about 8 months now. At first I bled for about two weeks straight. Then I did not have a period for 6 months. But when I did I bled heavily for over two weeks straight. It has caused an abnormal discharge, along with skin rashes, and my hair has been falling out since I got it put in. Making it super thin. As a birth control it works. It is super effective. But in my opinion the negative side effects definitely outweigh the positive. Looking to get it taken out as soon as I can.
So I took Ellaone when I wasn&rsquo;t quite sure if I was done ovulating or not just to be cautious as I wasnt on the pill this month trying to get my hormones straight. Only reason I chose this over plan b was because it&rsquo;s what planned parenthood was giving out and I was a bit tight on money. I&rsquo;ve taken Plan B which essentially makes your uterus inhospitable. Ella however is made to delay your ovulation 5 days. But then remember the ovulation is DELAYED...therefore your period may be too. Not to mention you will become super fertile after - anyway that is what I was I told. My period was 2-3 days late. However my symptoms which I never have were horrible and I can only assume it&rsquo;s because of Ella.
The medication did not treat my symptoms that were unique to PTSD, namely nightmares/re-experiencing.  I was on a high dose of this drug, 300 mg/day, and then went higher and combined it with lamictal as a mood stabilizer. It unfortunately increased the moments of panic, and made me feel out of control when making decisions in a stressed environment, which is unfortunately the opposite of what I would expect a PTSD medication to do. I made worse decisions on this drug than without it, and felt panicked and stressed more often.
I have had the implant for two years now I got it in July 2013 and it is now about to be July 2015 and what I can say is my period last 15 to 25 days. And I get a period every other month. I hate it, I call it the &quot;sex control&quot; because I can 't have sex or at least I won 't want to have on my period. I 've never had an issue with other birth control so I 'm very surprised at this I don 't recommend it for anyone.
This seemed like a great idea at first. Not having to remember the pill and still reaping the benefits of no PMS symptoms and no pregnancy. This turned out to be a horrible idea.... I gained a substantial amount of weight even though my lifestyle has not changed and I am constantly having breakthrough bleeding. I am getting mine removed. 
I have been on Safyral for two months, no babies. I used to have heavy periods but they are lighter now. But I did gain weight, breast got bigger and very tender. My skin is very broken out, have a lot of headaches and nausea.
Great for getting to sleep and really cool dreams, however too many side effects. I didn 't realize it because I was on a couple other drugs for anxiety, so I didn 't know which one caused problems. After getting off it I stopped having constant a hot feeling or sweating at night, bowel problems, I thought I had some disease because I had diarrhea all day. I also felt apathy/depression. When weaning off it I felt dizzy and very confused. Had hypotension. Had trouble speaking.
I had cystic acne, although not much of my face is affected by it, but the area I do have it is extremely bad! .. I have just been put on a 6 month course of antibiotics and epiduo. I have only been using it for a week and like many of the reviews say, my skin has been very sore and even the mildest of wash/moisturisers still sting when applied. But I think I have found a solution!! .. When I apply the Marino badescu healing soothing mask after washing my face, I rinse that off and then apply epiduo, I have absolutely no sting at all !!! I would recommend people trying this! As far as wether it works or not I think it 's far to early to say but I hope I 'm one of the success stories!
Was use by cardiologist in the hospital to correct my A-fib... but semi strenuous exercise sent me back into A-Fib a few times while on it.  Was afraid to exercise... not good. Saw another Cardiologist and he prescribe Metoprolol Succinate. This baby works like a charm, haven 't been in A-fib since and am working out harder than ever.
This was added to my therapy to help with the insomnia and moodiness, well the moodiness is a bit better. I still have the insomnia and really weird dreams!
I am a 28 year old mother of a 10 week old, I had never been on any hormonal birth control before and went on Nuvaring due to it 's &quot;low dose&quot; hormone content. At first it seemed like a amazing birth control due to its ease of use and it gave me NO side effects whatsoever UNTIL the beginning of my second week of using it. I began to have tingling in both of my feet and hands and began getting strange sensations/pains in my arms and legs. I quit using it as soon as I researched the side-effects. 
I used the Obagi Nu Derm System for sun spots in 2007 and had amazing results, no one could believe my age, however because my face  had a burning sensation while  I was on my computer (weird)  I decided to stop using it. Today 8 years later I still get the burning face sensation when I 'm on the computer or driving my car during the day even with sunscreen on.
Been on this for months, just don 't understand why I 'm having side effects, as my doctor says everything is the same, just time release. The first 4 weeks head aches so severe I couldn 't put in a full day.  I 'm a secretary, so on computer screen all day. This is what gave me the head aches I believe, along with meds. I also got very nauseous, dizzy, and extremely moody. I put on 20 pounds once I was told to eat a fatty diet with this meal, as I guess the fats help breakdown the medicine, doctor never told me this, but helped a lot with being sick all the time. Doctor finally listened, as I was tired of being in a cloud all day. Also anxiety, and sleeplessness... This medicine may work for some, just not me..
I was diagnosed with Atypical pneumonia. They put me on Doxycycline, 1 pill twice a day, for nine days. I still haven 't noticed a change. When I got to the tenth day, I took an amoxicillin pill that I had left over from before, and noticed a change within a few hours. Wish I had more!
Did not seem to workFelt tired the next day
I began trentanoin a little over a week ago. I was prescribed it by my doctor for breakouts I 've got on my behind since I was 13. the first 2days after applying trentanoin to my bottom I saw immediate results. My bottom was getting dry. But the acne and red marks were fading. And I was honestly so excited because I figured that this is it! Something is finally helping! But about the 4th day my jaw and lower face were red itchy burning and dried out and my butt was on fire! It began drying out which turn into scaling with the daily use of it. Felt like my buttcrack was bleached. And it looked like it to! I didn 't put it on today after my shower and the intense burning isn 't bad at all. I 'm going to use it every 3 days from now until my appt.
This medication did not seem to work any better than others I have taken, but it has made me extremely drowsy. I was not feeling well when I started taking it, so it took me a full week to figure out the XYZAL was making me so tired. I do not recommend this drug if you are susceptible to drowsiness side effects. Since it is sold in a 24-hour pill, I 'm stuck being sleepy for a long time until this pill is out of my system.
No nausea. No breakthrough bleeding. But my mood has changed I 'm not as exciting as I used to be, I 'm less happy. And my sex drivemis at zero! Switching pills tomorrow.
So, recently I got switched off from aviane which was the best birth control ever! Because, I moved out of province they didn 't carry aviane so they put me on alesse. I 'm going on 21 years old, I 'm 5 '3, and I 've never passed 115 pounds using aviane. Using alesse I have gained almost 10 pounds the last few months of use! This birth control has worsen my acne, caused me severe head aches, worsen my abdominal pain thru out and off my period, heavy bloating, worsen my constipation, dizziness, fatigue, nausea and rather 5 days my periods are 7-9. I 'm glad this birth control suits most of you ladies on here, for myself it has been the worst! Obviously not for every woman, defiantly not for me! Looking to switch ASAP!
Be attentive to your body and take note of any side effects. I 've been on this for 2 weeks and had to stop because of debilitating headaches, blurry vision and neck/back pain which could have led to a worse condition. Yes it was working, but it wasn 't worth the side effects
I 've been taking Tri-Previfem for a month now. On the second day of being on the pill I experienced constant nausea &amp; stomach pain. When I got my period the cramping became severe almost unbearable &amp; my period last for 2 weeks. This pill is not for me.
I felt fine the 1st day on this drug eating anything and everything that sounded good. Then the 2nd day I took it again in the morning and was fine for a few hour then boom. I went downhill finally it was time for supper I tried soup it was ok then I ate yogurt and took the medicine. Well my body didn 't like that I got to spend my time emptying my stomach after that. Now onto the 3rd day I 'm really not sure if I want to take it 2 times a day.
I was taking carvedilol 3.125mg bid and it stopped working shortly after starting a stressful job and a death in my family. I wasn 't able to get it under control so my cardiologist started me on bystolic 10mg qd. I was pleased with it 's quick results bringing my BP down to the normal range. Now I have realized that I am tired all the time, I have no sex drive and I don 't really care about much of anything. I can sleep all day on my days off. I have gained 30 lbs over the last year! I got my old rx filled today for the carvedilol and along with diet and exercise, I 'm hoping to get back to my old self again. I can 't deal with the fatigue anymore. Not to mention the price of $60 per month.
This created very messy and uncomfortable stools, but any relief was better than none at all. But I am a college student who works out regularly and eats pretty decently. I had 2 allergic reactions and the second one was a lot worse. My lips and tongue were numb, my chest was tight, and I had to run across campus to find Benadryl. It wasn 't fun. NEVER ignore signs of a possible reaction.
I got the implanon October 2016 and have had it now for 3 months. The first 2 months I had light bleeding from my period for 3 days and no period for the rest of that month. This month I have bled nonstop for the whole month and its bright red signaling no sign of going off. Implanon seemed to be a good idea at first but with these periods I cannot do it anymore. I 'm having it taken out this week.
I started on Trintellix at 10mg and after about 6 weeks I feel like I still didn 't feel it was helping a whole lot. A few weeks ago my Primary Dr said to up it to 20mg then and that same week I found out when getting my annual through the OBGYN that my Thyroid medication that I 've been on for a good 5 years had to be increased from 25Mcg to 50Mcg about 2 weeks ago. The primary Dr was going to take over and check how the thyroid medication was doing in about 8 weeks. So I 'm not sure if having this thyroid problem right now, if that 's way the Trintellix hasn 't really kicked in for me or not? They say if your having thyroid problems it can cause depression and anxiety. So I guess I 'll just have to wait and see?
I can 't accurately vouch for this drug if it works or not. But I 've had immense side effects and possible allergic reactions. I 've had chills, dizziness, and itching on my hands and feet which I are most likely an allergic reaction. And I 've had constipation every day, diarrhea, major irritability, and strong desires to cry for no reason
Week three after Vivitrol. Still having severe insomnia, goose bumps, depression,lack of energy and weakness. It did curb my desire for cigarettes but because I feel so horrible for so long I am craving a fix.  I 'm only on the fence with this injection.
Didn 't work for me. Felt pretty barfy and crummy first several days. Seemed to make me agitated. Only on it for a week; withdrawal was unpleasant. Just my experience, however.
I am still on Nuvaring but am ready for a change. I don 't feel like myself anymore. I feel lost, confused and it 's very hard for me to feel happy without feelings of anxiety and panic overcoming me. I have recurring negative thoughts that give me anxiety that I cannot stop. I feel like I 'm spinning out of control and unable to control my thoughts. I have &quot;crazy&quot; outbursts and am extremely sensitive. I have noticed that in the past few months that I go through one week where I feel like I should completely change my life- pack up and move away, usually the week before I take the ring out. I 'm ready to be done with Nuvaring forever!
Had an allergic reaction - facial swelling, lips and nose.
This was given to me for SIBO (I 've suffered from irritable bowel syndrome for years). I took it 3x/day for 14 days. Although I had no side effects from this medicine it did not help with resolving my SIBO. I even did another test for SIBO after I took the antibiotics and there was absolutely no change. Also luckily my insurance covered so it was $70 but without insurance its around $900!
Cymbalta helped my depression slightly, but my vision deteriorated and it caused profuse sweating
Prescribed 360mg for intense pain in feet caused by mortons neuromas and inflammation of brain. Have taken only 100mg at night. Experiencing increasing eye pain. Resolved to stop taking and seek urgent referral to neuro opthalomagist
The first 2-3 months were amazing, some spotting but it took my period from 7 days to 4 days, less cramping, not so heavy. there was menstrual cramping but not like before. When I missed my first pill I figured &quot;meh maybe 2 days of spotting&quot; Boy was I wrong, my period has lasted a week and half with cramping and somewhat of heavy flow (very annoying) then again (my fault) I missed another pill, and now I 've had my period for a month (&amp; counting) Not my cup of tea. When I didn 't have insurance I was paying almost $100 out of pocket, and now that I do I don 't think I want to take it anymore. Everybody is different, I 'm just a forgetful person &amp; is the reason for my month long period.
Lomotil made me extremely drowsy and nauseous.  I thought it was my stomach infection, it only happened every 8 hours and after I took the pill.
Today is my second day with metronidazole 500 mg and I have to take it 3 times a day for 5 days and I feel great . The only problem I have is that I can 't go to sleep and every juice I take it taste metal to me . Every time I take the pill my heart rate goes from 80 to a 100 in like minutes and the pill taste like metal . But I love it .. I feel so much better now, than I was before . I mean I still have some things but it 's getting there ..
I am so glad I found this site and saw other people 's experiences.  This drug works to prevent pregnancy, but I have a week with a light period, then a week of a normal period.  I have also been experiencing extreme mood swings.  I thought it was just me and the stress factor of having 3 young children to keep up with and that I am homeschooling the older ones.  Something just kept telling me that it was the birth control doing it.  I will be calling my dr. in the morning and switching!!
Caused migraines and blurred vision.
I was a body builder and personal trainer active in my career until I got a kidney removed due to a tumor and was diagnosed with hypothyroid at 65. My GP did not wanted to give Ambien, instead he prescribed some other medication for psychotic people and I stopped it. Another doctor gave the Ambien, which I have been taking, 5mg. However, lately is giving me headaches, I wake up a few times at night and can 't go back to sleep. Feel tired and disconnected. I need to stop and I am afraid of the process.
I was on LoSeasonique for almost a year. The first few months were great, some spotting every now and then but nothing major. About 2 months ago, I took a pill one day late. Consequently, I have been spotting for the entire two months. My gyno tried everything, putting me on a weeks worth of estrogen and then a regimen of taking multiple pills a day for week. Nothing worked. I 've been miserable and bloated and have gained a few pounds. Before this, I really liked this pill. If you take it, make sure you take it at the SAME time every single day. She said pills with this low dose of hormones are more likely to to do this. I 'm currently having to switch to another pill just to make the bleeding stop.
If you have any history with anxiety and/or depression, stay FAR away from this pill. I have been on Orsythia for 4 months and it 's been miserable. My anxiety is thru the roof, I have panic attacks weekly and throughout the month I would go into a depression where I would just be hating on myself and be completely sad for no reason at all. I also didn 't get my period during any of the &quot;period week&quot; (placebo pills week), instead I would get a period week 2-3 of my pill pack. It also made my breasts hurt for the 2 months, and made me have little to no appetite, I lost 20 pounds while taking this. Sharing my experience so other girls don 't have to go thru the same thing. I am using condoms as a contraceptive now, and it is sooo much better.
Was given this in the ER for nausea. It killed the nausea, sure, but I was so anxious! I felt as though if I stayed in that hospital bed another second I was going to go crazy. When I was released I raced home and took Xanex to try and combat the anxiety. It 's been about 26 hours since I was injected and I still have the urge to move and run around, like restless leg syndrome. I 'd rather just be nauseous!
I have recently gotten of the shot, but I was on it for about a year and a half. I got on it when I was 17, for my periods, and it does indeed live up to its name for stopping periods. However, I gained about thirty five pounds on the shot. I 'm very active, and have a proper diet for a girl my age, so it 's likely the hormones. But that 's not the reason I got off it, I started lactating out of my breasts about a month ago. Yes, I told my doctor and we took 2 pregnancy tests, and I am not pregnant. So, in short, I 'll give you a quick pros and cons listPros: Prevents pregnancy (I do not use condoms with my partner), stops periods Cons: weird side effects, mood swings, nausea, constipation, weight gain, breast growth, hair loss, fatigue.
The insertion was incredibly painful. And while it is very effective for a very long time I wouldn 't recommend it to any one because it caused me terrible pains during my cycle and occasionally off cycle of have very strong and painful cramping. I could only stand it for 1.5 years before having to get it removed.
Started taking Lisinopril last Fall. Since then I have experienced hives, itching non-stop, leg cramps at night and occasional blurred vision. I first thought the hives and itching were allergy associated and would just go away. Just today I started researching the side effects of this medicine and tomorrow I will go to see my doctor to see about getting it changed. I went from 5mg - 10mg - 20mg in about 9 mos., blood pressure is doing OK with this medicine but the side effects are just too much.
It started out great but now my depression is starting to come back. I 'm bipolar and it 's not working anymore.
I have had 3 major back surgeries and am totally fused. I have terrible joint pain in my right knee, neck, and back. Dr. put me on Tramadol 50mg 4xs daily. It does not work at all for me. It works like a 800mg dosage of Ibuprofen. Just makes my head a little foggy. But pain is still there, no relief. I also have major depression and anxiety, along with gastric problems. I also take seroquel for depression 150mg. Does nothing either. I fear I am not treatable and suffer greatly and don 't know what to do.
I started taking Ambien back in January 05 after I had gastric bypass, which also means I don 't get the full dose or affect of the medicine. However, last October I was arrested for DUI of having Ambien in my blood. A cop never saw me driving but some crazy old lady did and followed me all the way home to report I crossed over the yellow line at 7:30 in the morning after taking my son to school and thought I was a drunk driver. I had not been drinking at ALL. I had taken a 10 mg pill at 11pm the night before and had been for all these years so I knew how it affected me. When the cops showed up and I (like a dumby) told them what medicines I took they arrested me for DUI of Drugs. They took me to the hospital took my blood, since it showed up I got charged.
I just switched to the ring at my doctor 's suggestion after using the patch for a year and half. I 've only been using the ring a month but I can not stand it. I initially worried about it getting stuck up inside me or being pushed in too far to reach during sex, and neither of those have been a problem. Unfortunately the heavy vaginal discharge is too annoying to deal with. I know all birth control have side effects and discharge should not be a big concern, etc. I will be going back to the patch since I had no side effects while one it. My doctor switched me after my annual because she felt the higher levels of estrogen in the patch were &quot;not good.&quot;
Numbs your emotions. Which is fine if you like your positive emotions numb too. Not a serious solution to mental problems, just a way to cover them up. Dont listen to the doctor who tells you to halve your pill every week, you need to taper your dose by 10% and only drop again after about 6 weeks. Please don 't listen to opinions of people who have been on this for only a couple of weeks!
Oh Goodness. It sounds nice b/c you get to the pharmacy and they don 't hand you this great big jug to walk out with. It 's 2 little packets. You mix 1 with 5oz of water twice.  Sounds too good to be true right.  That 's because it is.  You then have to follow that with (5) 8 oz of a clear liquid.  With in 5 hours. By the time I was able to get that down, because remember you have to take into consideration running to that toilet every 15 minutes,  it is now time  to start the next packet.  You have to start the next packet 6 hours before your procedure.  So,  if your procedure is at 9am. You are waking up at 3am to take packet number 2. My procedure 6am. I had to take my first packet at 6pm. My 2nd @ 12am. No sleep for me.  It sucks and $$$$
too expensive, and doesnt work all the time...  i take 100mg and it could work the following morning but by  then its too late...
Caused severe itching and hives.
Inserting and retrieving the nuva ring takes some getting used to but after a few tries, you 'll get the hang of it. The side effects, however, were so overwhelming I stopped using the nuva ring after 2 months.  The positives were I didn 't have to think about it everyday and normally I have acne but on nuva ring I didn 't experience break outs. The negatives were my mood. I was irritable, depressed and cranky after about a week on the ring. Generally I 'm mild tempered,  sweet and forgiving. Not on nuva ring. I was overly emotional; crying, yelling, grumpy, annoyed. It was affecting my quality of life so I removed it. I 've been off of it for over a week now and feel like my goofy playful self again.  I 'll never go back. Its not worth it.
My GP was originally going to go with a three times a day painkiller/anti-inflammatory, but I asked for a once a day. He prescribed diclofenac, 100 mg. I like the once a day, but for my foot aggravation and pain have just not noticed it as being all that effective. I did have the side effect of sensitivity to sun.
I 'm 19 and had sudden breakout. I went to the dermatologist and got prescribed to this. I follow the instructions every night. Some will go away and some will come back. It 's very difficult. I don 't know what 's going to pop up the next day. I talked to my dermatologist the other day and told him what I was going through and he said I might need something stronger. 
I have gained 12 lbs in a month!  My feet/hands swell so bad that I take a water pill. I am so FATIGUED..no energy, get out of breath and have had several migraines lately..which is not normal for me. My pulse is low all the time and blood pressure is 135/85. I was on Hyzaar for years and it worked great.
Abreva worked for me up until now. It seems to make it worse. I have tried other things lately because the Abreva isn 't cutting the healing time at all. Note, I have been soaking a cotton ball in whole milk and applying it for 5-10 minutes every 2 hours. It takes away the inflammation of the cold sore, feels much more better, blends in with my skin... The milk has antiviral and bacterial properties that help. Try it!
I first had symptoms when I was 17 yrs old.  Was not diagnosed until I was 25 during an exploratory surgery to find out what was wrong with me.  I am now 67, have had three surgeries, 2 for blockages and a variety of meds.. This last surgery did not go well and my crohn 's became worse.  The doctor recommended I go on Remicade.  Have had three treatments with no improvement, extremely exhausted.  During my treatments I developed chest pains, had an angiogram, everything fine.  Then became very short of breath, fever  and got water on the heart from the procedure.  Will be discussing this with the doctor and requesting I stop the treatments.  I have not had a rewarding experience with Remicade.  Not sure what my options are going forward.
I had just applied it and immediately right after I feel the burn.. I felt that the medicine should be calming effect rather than burning sensation to the point that it irritates your mind and the feeling of uncomfortable with slight nausea.I bought the 7 day Monistat for my YI. Let 's see if tomorrow works better..I had tried other cream-insert-brand like Canesten Cream, I felt relieve right after use.. Hence Monistat needs to relook in to the medications provide in the cream. Because I had bought two boxes, and I regretted getting two box (one for spare)..
I 'm 18 years old and just got my first one today along with two other shots which were required for school. Hurt like hell compared to the other two. Maybe less than a minute after I started to feel dizzy, nauseous, vision blurred, had difficulty breathing, threw up... Nearly fainted, had to be brought to a bed via wheelchair. Probably the worst I have ever felt. Hours later, can barely move my arm without feeling pain, even though the other arm (which got two shots) feels fine.I 'm not going to say no one should get this - fainting is obviously better than cancer. I personally would not do it again, especially considering I do not plan to have sex later in life.
The doctor tried it twice for my rheumatoid arthritis and it didn 't help at all after taking it for 6 months. 
Didn 't work well on the migraine and made me feel like I was roofied. Both times I tried it for migraines I slept for 12+ hours and felt out of it for many more hours. I know it works well for some folks, just not for me apparently.
I don 't know if I am getting well or not. But I am having a good bit of the side effects All the inflammation,  swelling,  weakness, and hurting all over hand arm, shoulders, legs and feet. I sit down an I don 't want to move again because of all this. I 'm also experiencing the confusion, emotional, and mood changes.
I have had my nexplanon for just over a year. The first 4 months were good, I still got my period on time, it wasn 't as heavy, no cramping. After 4 months I clotted, it was disgusting and still do. It would happen for weeks at a time, stop for a few days and start up. I have completely lost my sex drive, it doesn 't even appeal to me, my depression and anxiety is worse, and now I have horrible insomnia. Within the last month my cramping is horrible, I feel like I have cysts on my ovaries again. My bleeding is light but mostly clots. I hate this thing. I got it because I was unsure if my hubby and I would have anymore kids and we 've decided not too. In two weeks I go see my doctor and I 'm going to ask about permanent BC.
This was working for me for years as Aciphex.  When the generic came out, it worked for a while.  Now some days it doesn 't work at all and other days it works for a while and then the heartburn comes on full force.  Research shows one doesn 't build up a resistance to this medicine, so I think the generic manufacturer is doing something different.
I am on the last week of the second month of this pill and I have been spotting a brown discharge( not heavy enough for a pad or tampon but annoying)  since the last week of the first month. It wont stop I 'm getting ready to start my third month so my first period week on the pill is 3 weeks away. If the spotting doesnt ' stop after my period week I 'm calling my doc for a new pill.
This caused yeast infections, itching and blood in urine.
I 've been on Cymbalta 30 mg for a week now. Regular depression, plus my mother got ill and passed away 3 mths ago. I have been able to stop crying, but I am SO TIRED. I hope this side effect will cease soon.
On week five of trulicity.. The first night I was beyond exhausted went to bed at 7pm slept all night.. Week 1 had every symptom and was so sick vomiting, diarrhea and this deep gut burping that smelled horrible.. Week 2 was better but week 3-5 are hit and miss. I have lost about ten pounds mainly due to little to no appetite. I take my shot on Tuesday and I vomit every Saturday. I miss about 1 day of work a week due to feeling horrible and dizzy. This drug is horrible but my sugar with other meds is down to 7 from 9.8 in 3 months.. The burping is the worst it 's like rotten eggs...so gross.
Day 4 if taking a small dosage (prescribed 50mg but from past experience with medication I decided to quarter the tablets to ease into the side effects). First day I got heartburn for a few hours and slight tingles in my face and hands, nothing major. Day two was fine. Day three I had some diarrhoea which settled after a few hours. Day four (today) I feel terrible, I have diarrhoea, stomach cramps, nausea, headache &amp; muscle aches. I feel like a big bag of urgh. I&rsquo;m on such a tiny dose I don&rsquo;t know whether to keep going or stop. My panic disorder stems from a fear of being sick so I&rsquo;m thinking of just stopping unless this settles and I feel brave enough tomorrow to go through the same thing
This medication worked immediately.  I do experience to odd taste, watery vision, and mild cough. I also still have to use eye drops though the day. My vision started to clear and I could see more clearly. Unfortunately, this did not continue to be the case. After 3 months, my eye doctor could see improvement in my eyes. Although, my insurance refused to approve the medication, we decided to continue its use and continue to try to convince my insurance to approve. Two months later, the medication has been approved by my insurance, although they won 't pay anything on it until I meet my deductible, (praying that doesn 't happen), and the medication no longer seems to be working for me. My vision is again blurry and cloudy.
I 've had mine in since November 2013, it is now May 2014 and I get my period every 4 weeks, for 2 weeks of heavy bleeding, cramping and headaches. It 's awful.
So I 've only been on the pill for a month and a week and its been good in comparison so the estrogen based birth control I was on previously because I have a sex drive and I 'm not flipping out and acting crazy at all - but I keep getting what seems to be my period. I got my period two weeks into the pill and then I got my period again a week later then had a blood free week at the end of the pill pack but I 'm coming close to the end of this next week and I 'm bleeding again. Is this normal or should I see a doctor? Its really nerve wracking.
I took Ella one 42 hours after having unprotected sex with my boyfriend, and have heard Ella is still very effective,  I have also took levonile before around 6 months before this mishap and everything was fine with that no nasty side effects in fact none at all, but Ella one is a different story, I have felt very ill for about a week of taking it! Day one after taking it I started bleeding which lasted for only four days this wasn 't a problem, but the pill has made me feel so weak still do this day my whole body aches I have had constant severe floods of nausea and I 'm constantly tired and my belly has been cramping as hell, I do regret taking the pill after the way I feel, and wish I got levonelle on the time frame needed.
I have a bronchitis and the doctor prescribe me clarithromycin and im only at the second day of taking it bad nausea extreme bad taste in mouth severe gaz stomache discomfort and always need to pee im stopping this antibiotic right now and tomorow im gonna ask my doctor to change it the only thing i did find useful for the bad taste and it reduce it a bit is to chew excel gum but it dont last long hope next one is not gonna be that worst
I was on the meds  2014 . I noticed black marks on My arms an legs unusual. I stopped taking it the marks went away. After suffering many traumatized events I went back on last year to find more random black marks on my body.  I 'm not sure if it 's working for depression.  I 'm still sad most days. I also have constant headaches. mood swings. Still high pain levels.  Depression runs deep. I know I need something just scared to try the list.  SMH
Two years on depo... I have been combatting depression, fatigue, and vaginal dryness since my third shot hoping that I could overcome them or being in denial that is was from the shot, but it 's definitely a side effect of the birth control. Though the shot is convenient, with no periods and strong hair and nails, I totally feel like I 've been through menopause and am an old lady with NO sex drive. Switching to the patch in December, wish me luck.
I 've just switched from venlafaxine to sertraline (four week switch-over) because the former was affecting my sodium levels. However I 've only just stopped the last of the venlafaxine last week and am on 100mg. POSITIVE EFFECTS: not depressed, not dead. NEGATIVE EFFECTS: moderate manic symptoms (four hours ' sleep in 24, talking and laughing too much for others ' comfort, easily distracted, spending money like water, intolerance of quiet and calm). However it could be that I 'm just on too high a dose for my sensitivity to the medicine and I haven 't done anything dangerous nor lost insight like I can do on other medicines.
I took Levaquin 750mg for 3 days and two days later I still feel light headed, nauseated, chills, can&rsquo;t concentrate, no energy.  Overall horrible.  
I had skyla inserted last year. I 've never had a child before, so the insertion process was uncomfortable for me. I took pain medication before hand and was given medication by my doctor to insert into my vagina prior to soften my cervix. I had mild cramping over the next month, and decent amount of bleeding. After a month of having the IUD, I started to develop severe joint pain and dry, red eye. I followed up with my gyno, and she had me go to a primary care doctor for my symptoms. I had blood work done for a lot of different factors, and everything came back negative. My PCP recommend that I have it removed, I am very glad that I did my joint pain went away within 2 weeks of the IUD being removed. My doctor thinks I had an allergy
I got my nexplanon implant on Feb. 28th. Began a cycle about a week later. This cycle was different than my typical cycle, for I no longer had cramping or migraines. However, the cycle lasted for 9 days. After a few days of no bleeding, another cycle started. The second cycle lasted 5 days. Then I had an additional few days off, only to start a third cycle. When does this end?When does it regulate itself?This cannot be healthy to bleed for approximately 3 weeks every month. This is the complete inverse of what it should be.While I appreciate no cramps or migraines, I do not appreciate spending so much money on tampons and underwear....Getting frustrated, and contemplating removal.
I am on my 2nd week of Saxenda. Just went up to 1.2Not really any side effects but I feel hunger!  Anybody else? I hope I can get the results many have you have posted! 
this med is ok , it does help me go to sleep but I still can not stay asleep!!
I have been taking Wellbutrin for a little over 5 weeks now and I have never been so sleepy in my life. I know its supposed to be one of the more stimulating antidepressants but it has the opposite effect on me so Im going to have to  discontinue use. My doctor only prescribed it to me to try and counter act a sexual side effect I am having due to Prozac. Anyways, everyone is different but it didnt work for me. Thank you...
On Remicade for 10 months. At each infusion the dose has gone up with no lasting relief. Now at 800mg every six weeks relief lasted only 2 weeks, 2 days. Back on Prednisone and Darvocet until I see doctor tomorrow. Nothing has worked except combination of Arava and Methotrexate. Had to leave Methotrexate several years ago because of high liver enzymes. At this point nothing seems to give relief except Prednisone and I WILL not take that even more than a few days. Possibly adding Arava to Remicade after tomorrow. I am getting very tired of constant pain.
I have been on Avelox for 4 days now and my symptoms don 't appear to be improving and I am still running a fever. If no improvement is seen by tomorrow I am going back to my Dr.
I have been on Remeron for about 2 months. It has helped a little with my depression, which is good but I am getting too many side effects. After reading all the comments I will be calling my doctor in the morning. I used to get a good nights sleep but since on Remeron I don 't sleep. I am gaining weight and also having a lot of hot flashes. I don 't know if it is related to this medication but since on Remeron my restless leg syndrome is back. 
I have been taking Loseasonique for 3 and a half weeks now, and for the past 2 weeks or so have been experiencing what I think is spotting? I really hope this goes away soon because it defeats the purpose of taking this pill. I would rather get my period for 4 days like I usually do than to have &quot;spotting&quot; for 2 weeks. I Also have mild acne increase, along with some abnormal emotional sensitivity. I 'm going to try to stick it out for another 2 weeks or so at least but I don 't know how long I can handle the &quot;spotting&quot; , and I 'm afraid of possible future side effects.
I have been on this pill for 3 months now I think, my Dr.switched it up randomly and it says it clears your skin but honestly my skin has been very bad since I started taking these..I have very bad breakouts and I 've never been this bad.. my period has always been kinda normal and still is but I have gained weight a lot too.. any recommendations??
My experience:Cons- some nights, right as soon as I fell asleep, I 'd wake up sleep walking and make myself something to eat, or get naked and sit at the table. Now I 'm not a sleep walker but my brother sleeps late and he would always tell me in the morning that I 'd walk into his room and say something random or he 'd be in the kitchen when I wake up sleepwalking. He 'd say I always seemed fully awake cause my eyes were wide open but I 'd act weird.Pro 's- Kept me asleep and I 'd wake up early feeling I had enough sleep.
I tried Prilosec first for my heartburn symptoms but I noticed I had to take it a couple of times during the day which quickly added up.  I found myself spending quite a bit of money.
I 've been on this pill for almost a month and like everyone else said my face has never been so broke out in my entire life. And its all around my mouth and chin. They say sometimes its takes over a month for it to balance out but honestly I 'm not sure I 'm willing to wait that long. Not happy with it at all.
I used this birth control for almost a year, but i decided to stop using it because it was causing me to have really bad mood swings, made me feel like a zombie (emotionless). From the first day I started using this birth control to the last I spotted every single day. The only good thing that came from it i was able to eat again, gained 20 pounds in about 3 months, it cleared my acne and I grew 1 bra size. It also made my feet grow to. This birth control caused me to become hypoglycemic, and gave me an inverted nipple that I have to forever live with. This birth control does it 's job and prevents pregnancy but the side effects are not worth it. I recommend trying other birth controls before this one.
I am almost finished my first pack of Yaz, at first my acne seemed to be going away but now it 's just getting worse. My cheeks are all red and splotchy, I have huge cystic breakouts on my chin. I have tried everything to make my acne go away, it 's gotten to the point where I feel so depressed and it 's all I think about. I 'm hoping after a couple more weeks it will start to improve a bit because right now it is terrible!
I am 38 years old. I have been on this pill for the last three years on and off. I was good In the beginning but after a year everything is not good . I have bad mood swings , headaches, and now my period comes before I even start the last month. I figured I would continue to try it but I cannot any more . With severe pains and excessive bleeding  to a point I have had to go home from work , I wear depends at night because I use three packs of overnight pads in the space of a week. I have never had problems this bad until lately.  I am already anemic as is and cannot continue with this pill. One good thing is I have never gotten pregnant on it
I am really glad to see so many positive experiences. I just wish I could say the same. I have been on Oxycontin 40 mg for 6 years. I cannot say that I have found relief. I have peripheral neuropathy   and I take the Oxycontin 40 mg twice a day and Methadone 15 mg four times a day. I am in excruciating pain at least 8 eight hours a day and I have trouble sleeping and now I am having a problem with constipation. I don 't really think it is the medications fault I think my dose is to low to handle the amount of pain I am in. My doctor will not prescribe anything stronger.
I got the Liletta a year ago after a miscarriage. The insertion wasn 't horrible, but I could feel it afterwards for a while. I lost my sex drive and now I very seldom have the urge to have sex or to be touched. I have gained 24 lbs in the past year but am more active then I have been in years- I walk more and move around not just sit around and drive all the time. I am the biggest that I have been ever! I have different symptoms before my cycle (which is just spotting for a couple days) but I will have a dull achy back pain, stomach and intestines have started to burn, and I feel major flutters in my lower abdomen for about a week before it starts. I don 't think I like it very much, not pregnant that I know of. Just always feel like crap...
Lowered resting beats per mminute but did not affect rhythm.
I was taking a different pill at first but my doctor decided it wasn 't working to lower my pressure enough, so they said we are going to try you on this one. I took one the next day since I had already taken my old pill. The first day the pill did lower my blood pressure with no problems. The second day I took it my pressure was still at a good number. I did not later when I tried to sleep I couldn 't. Each time I would fall asleep it was hard for me to breath and a few times that I woke up my heart was beating differently and I had some pain in my chest. I won 't be taking this medication anymore. I will lower it the natural way by watching what I eat, walking and with God 's help I will be just fine.
I 've been taking Synthroid for 4 yrs, since then my blood pressure has gone up (120/75 before, now 140/85 or higher) and cholesterol has skyrocketed as well (before was below, now 6.6)
Took for 3.5 weeks, had decent skin with occasional pimple prior to starting, started to have large pimples on cheek and forehead at end of first week. After stopping the acne eased up, now treating scars and remnant marks on face that may take months, acne persists and skin is definitely in worse condition than before starting BC. Also experienced frequent mood swings, tearing up in the middle of the day/street. Not worth the side effects even though this is supposed be the  'lowest ' dosage of hormones possible. Prevented pregnancy effectively but not worth it in the end, definitely wish I had never started in first place.
I found out I had chlamydia on Monday. I 'm not sure which one of my exes gave it to me. Broke up with my boyfriend of 1 and a half years first week of Feb because he was cheating and last time I had sex with him was in Jan. And because I was still very emotional I ended up sleeping with one of my other exes from 2014 the second week of Feb so I don 't know which one gave it to me. On Tuesday I went to the clinic and they gave me the two pills. Within half an hour I was getting stomach cramps and felt like going toilet and also felt like vomiting but never did. The next day I was fine. The day after I was fine. Then today out of nowhere my chest hurts and it 's making me wanna cough and have a slight headache.
Helped me a lot with my insomnia. But gained over 50 pounds in the last 4 months. I have also noticed my hair getting thinner. I will not take this anymore.  Going back to the dr.
I 've only been using TriNessa for a month. In the first couple weeks I experienced terrible headaches but they started to subside later. The pill did reduce my cramping but increased my bitchiness! No help with acne though!
I had Liletta inserted earlier this month. It was the worse pain ever. I had Mirena prior to this and my nurse practitioner reminded me of that procedure. There is no way I had this type of pain with Mirena. I am sure that if I did I would not have agreed to this. There were problems with the insertion and I was told thankfully this device was reloadable. I had cramping days later as expected but weeks later I am still having cramping. I am certain that I will opt to have this removed because it is very painful.
When I started taking it in December, I felt emotionally great but the side effects were horrendous. At first I felt great, but then I felt really nauseous and I couldn 't eat anything but buckwheat. Thinking about food made me even more nauseous and I had really bad diarrhoea. For some reason after taking vortioxetine, I became lactose intolerant. I experienced heartburn while taking them. Although I felt emotionally more energetic, my body didn 't like it at all.
I had such a bad experience with the  copper Iud. Insertion was pretty bad but not as bad as the 5 years I spent with it. My cramping was so unbearable I would keel over in pain 1 week before my period during my period and 1 week  after not to mention that my periods were extremely heavy I would go through a 30 pack of &quot;jumbo&quot;  tampons and would still have to wear a pad because I would leak through within a couple hrs the shortest my periods would last were 8 days and longest would be 10 to 12 days I have recently had it removed and it was the best decision I have ever made.  My periods have gone back down to only 3 days a month with no cramping at all and oddly enough my sex drive has come back.  This wasn 't the birth control for me!
So far no relief for me. Had to add this review as I see so many success stories and felt others may need to know it doesn 't always work. I too take 300 mg at night prescribed by my oncologist because of my tamoxifen induced hot flashes and sleepless nights. I 'm still hoping it will kick in and the the miracle that is has been for so many of you all!
It works great for panic attacks, but is horrible as you feel it wear off.  Klonopin is much better!
I had the implanon inserted in October 2007 and loved it. Absolutely no change in me at all. No periods no weight gain nothing. I then decided to have another in October 2010. Nothing but trouble since. I 'm moody 99% of the time. Have gained weight. Absolutely no sex drive, I 'm 21. Luckily no periods but constantly feel pregnant. Took a test yesterday as I have had very tender nipples for days. Test negative thank god! I 'm so emotional and will cry at the drop of a hat. Been lucky in some respect as I still haven 't had a period. 
This birth control gave me cyst ance.. I never have had acne prone skin.. I was on this for one year, and I started feeling depressed and always tired. zero sex drive. No pregnancy scared and no weight gain tho! But I just switched to the ring and I feel like I am my old self again. I don 't think i would take this again.
I 've been taking this for eight months, It has it pros and cons just like every other medicine! the pro is it clears your skin up beautifully, I get compliments all the time about how clear my skin is.  It amazing when it comes to getting your period I used to have severe cramps I could never go to work, now when I get it I don 't even realize i have it. But the cons is I feel super nauseous right after I take it for a couple hours to the verge where I wanna puke and the last eight months it 's made me gain  10 pounds.
After trying every single birth control besides the depo shot and the iud I decided to give the shot a chance. Worst idea of my life. Iv been on it for 8 months and I can 't wait to never get my next shot. As soon as I got my first shot I noticed my appetite  increase. I was never full, I could eat all day. After I ate breakfast I couldn 't wait for lunch. All I wanted to do was eat and sleep all day. I called my doc and she said to give it 3 months. After 3 months I was depressed I hated my life and I couldn 't stop eating. 6 months in I gained 21 pounds. I didn 't want to wake up ever. I couldn 't wait to get home and go to sleep after work. All I keep thinking about is suicide. I will never go on this birth control again.
I have been on this pill for about a week now. I was put on it to regulate my hormone levels because I was passing out a lot on my periods and when I would ovulate. I am not sexually active. I can just say that this week that I 've been on it I 've been kinda miserable. The nausea is horrible. I get it especially in the morning or in the middle of the night. It has been giving me horrible headaches and I used to be pretty moody but that was nothing compared to now. I 'm constantly irritated and it takes nothing to make me furious. I 'm gonna stick it out for about 2 months because my doctor said that 's when the side effects should stop. If they don 't then I will switch to something else.
I experience severe social and generalised anxiety. I was given 25mg of Atarax to take twice a day. I didn 't feel it relieved my anxiety symptoms. It made me very sleepy. When I awoke in the morning I felt very groggy, constant yawning and didn 't feel I could pay attention or properly, function at my job or get housework/errands done. I personally do not find Atarax helpful for anxiety.
Tremors seem to be getting worse. I take 2 a day. Just turned 70. Have had tremors for many years.Maybe I should ask my doctor is there is something else for me to try.
I took it for fibromyalgia for 4 weeks. Had loss of memory, dizziness and fainting. Weened myself off with the help of my doctor. Withdrawals were horrible. Headaches, slurred speech, loss of memory, heart racing and palpitations, trouble breathing and dizziness. It lasted nearly 8 month. It was the worst time in my life. I 'm happy for those that can tolerate the side effects and are successful on this medication. This is just my story.
I 've had psoriasis for 35 years and  arthritis for perhaps 30.  For about 9 years I took Enbrel and methotrexate with very good results.  Despite my long-term success with this combo, about 6 months ago I decided to replace Enbrel with Otezla, primarily because I wanted to decrease my use of immunosuppressants and because of the cancer risks associated with Enbrel.   For the first 2-3 weeks I had the expected side effects, the worst being having to move my bowels 5-6 times a day.  Also some headaches.  Now, six months in, I think I am ready to go back to Enbrel.   My scalp psoriasis used to be almost non-existent but is now getting bad.  Same for my elbows/forearms.  I also have many aches and pains that I 've never had before....
I was given clonazepam  after my husband passed away to be able to sleep. It didn 't help much so my Dr added half of a tablet. I took the 1.5 tablet  which didn 't help either. I am at a loss. I already take 2 types of antidepressants. I also hate these drugs that are supposed to help. I 'm going to wean myself off of all of these drugs. I can 't wait to be see if I feel normal, I hope.
I 've been on Lexapro for 2 years. Just recently switched to Effexor and Klonopin. Lexapro never really did much for me. At first, after the 2-week adjustment to the medicine which was hell, I thought it worked. But it may have just been placebo more than the medicine. Had multiple serious near life-changing anxiety attacks while on Lexapro which is why I switched. I couldn 't be happier for switching. If you have anxiety, don 't waste your time with an SSRI. Also, I 've stopped taking lexapro multiple times. It 's not too hard, you get aggravated at everything for a few days, the brain shocks aren 't nearly as bad as people say they are.
Inserting and retrieving the nuva ring takes some getting used to but after a few tries, you 'll get the hang of it. The side effects, however, were so overwhelming I stopped using the nuva ring after 2 months.  The positives were I didn 't have to think about it everyday and normally I have acne but on nuva ring I didn 't experience break outs. The negatives were my mood. I was irritable, depressed and cranky after about a week on the ring. Generally I 'm mild tempered,  sweet and forgiving. Not on nuva ring. I was overly emotional; crying, yelling, grumpy, annoyed. It was affecting my quality of life so I removed it. I 've been off of it for over a week now and feel like my goofy playful self again.  I 'll never go back. Its not worth it.
I have been on Implanon for almost two years now, I was put on it after I had my daughter. My experience hasn 't been great, my periods the first year started with a long period that I had for a month straight then no period for a year. But now going into my second year I have had a period every other week and I am currently on a three week stretch of continued bleeding. I feel exhausted all the time. I have also experienced weight gain and its been even harder to lose the weight which has affected my moods. 
Switched from xanax 2mg 1/2 to one tab 2x daily (AN for anxiety, PTSD, panic disorder) to Xanax xr 1mg twice daily with .5 xanax once daily AN for panic. The only thing Xanax Xr did was give me waves of relief, along with waves of anxiety also. Went through my xanax script quicker as it helped greatly compared to XR &amp; needed less. Alprazolam is meant for short acting Anxiety relief. XR is marketing scheme, cost 26$ comp. to 0$ for xanax(w/ ins) Clonazepam,or Diazepam is much more suited for longer acting benzos that help with anxiety. Xanax XR makes it more difficult to stop using &amp; get addicted much easier,than safely taking your regular xanax, as can break em apart, if you feel you need less one day, one week, you can wean yourself easier
Helps tremendously with preventing migraines however I have instant weight gain around the middle.  I gained 20 lbs in 2 months on it and watching what I ate and exercise would not take it off.  The weight was continuing to come on.  I slowly weaned myself off.  I took the weight off.  The migraines became out of control,again and I went back on it.  I 've been on it 10 days and gained 5 lbs. I 'm on 60 mg a day which isn 't doesn 't seem that much I have to find something else because of the weight issue.
I have taken this medicine several times for fibromyalgia and nerve pain.  While I have found it helps my nerve pain a bit, that is offset by major brain fog.  I feel paralyzed, unable to move, starting into space.   It 's really bad and makes me feel depressed.  I already have brain fog and a poor memory with fibromyalgia and this even at low dosages is unacceptable as it makes those problems much worse.
Was prescribed this pill for acne and used for over 2 months. Had minimal breakouts. The first month was perfect but by the second month I became extremely depressed and had terrible anxiety, to the point where I could no longer leave my house. Would not recommend for this reason.
I 've been taking this pill since after daughter was born 18 months ago. I haven 't had any problems with it until now. I had a light period that lasted a week in January and another in February around the same time that one was a little heavier. Now it is March and I haven 't had a period yet. I hate the inconsistency of it. I 've been on time taking it so I know I can 't be pregnant. I 've never had mood swings with it until here recently. Its a good started pill but I 'd prefer something else
I used nexplanon for 3 years and looking back I strongly regret it. My first month seemed normal followed by being on my period for 4 month without stopping. After the periods became less frequent my weight started constantly fluctuated all cycling around my period. I 've gained 30 pounds over these 3 years and I eat healthy and exercise. Additionally, I 've had terrible mood swings and thoughts of suicide. I never had it taken out because it was nice not having to worry about taking a pill or having something inserted vaginally. I 'm having it taken out in 2 days and could not be happier. I do not recommend this at all.
My first week on depo I had nausea insomnia and fatigue I felt terrible, the following month was great no bleeding no cramping my sex drive was great. But now my last two months have been non stop bleeding and  can 't even have sex with my man because of it. I haven 't gained weight but depo is basically a three month long menstrual cycle plus depression and sexual frustration. Not recommended.
I have taken Aubagio for 6 months and no new lesions since I started.  For the first couple of weeks it upset my stomach and I had bad headaches, but those improved.  After a month or two the hair loss gradually increased and I 'm still loosing more after 6 months.  I still have headaches everyday but they haven 't been bad until recently.  I now have face flushing and pins and needles that are much worse than normal.  I also have a red sore on my arm that is slowly growing and just doesn 't want to heal.  I 'm going to Neuro this week to decide if I should continue or not.
I was on Avandamet for years but the weakness, tiredness, and especially the diarrhea came to be too much to bear.  If I wanted to go someplace I had to stop medicating.  I had to take one pill twice a day which resulted in 3 bouts of diarrhea per pill.  My blood sugars were well within range and I have found nothing since to bring them down to that level but I refuse to be bound by side effects any longer.
I have firstly severe seasonal allergies, and I purchased Zyrtec in hopes that it would be superior to Allegra.  The allergy symptoms improved slightly, but the fatigue was terrible.  It was so bad that I thought I was coming down with the flu.  I slept for five hours straight in the middle of the day after my second dose.  This is not acceptable.
I started on 2.5 mg and it really worked in conjunction with Prozac to pull me out of deep depression. Eventually my doctor said it was ok to reduce to 1.25mg since I had gained weight. I eventually gained more weight, my sugars and cholesterol rose, and I shake slightly now. I decided to stop completely and that was a BIG mistake. This drug has serious withdrawal symptoms, even at a low dose like mine.The recommended weaning process is 10% less for 30 days, than a 30 day waiting period to adjust. I am currently on 1.125 mg and I 'm starting to have some withdrawal symptoms, but not too bad like stopping cold turkey.I experienced panic attacks, anxiety, fearfulness, agoraphobia, and nausea.
The doctors put my dad who is 95 on Lorazepam  because of anxiety but it takes a long time to get in the system, he takes 2 a day and has been for about 8 months and it does not help, if given right at the start of an anxiety attack it takes over an hour to work and then it hardly works at all, and as he has 2 a day you would think it would keep him from having anxiety or at least make it more mild.
I was given elavil for my migraine. .I 've been taking 10 my for 1 week N now week 2 up to 20mg..I also have dealt with ibs-c..the migraine/headaches hav subsided a little..but my bloating N cramping N nausea r all still there..it did help my sleep the first week but I 've had trouble sleeping on week 2..from the other testimonials on here I 'm gonna give it a couple more weeks to see if more improvement occurs..
This is my 2nd time on Ortho Tri-Cyclen Lo. First time was great. No side effects. I took it for around a year then decided to switch to Depo. Here I am again taking it, only this time is bad! I get a daily headache, really bad nausea followed with occasional vomiting, cramps, spotting, vaginal dryness, my sex drive has gone out the window, leg cramps in my calf, bloating, yeast infections and frequent urinary tract infections. I 'm not sure where or when my body changed to completely dislike this birth control. It has kept me unpregnant which is the only good thing.
I am 26 years old and got the Mirena IUD 6 months ago. I do not have any children. Getting the IUD inserted was the most pain I have ever experienced, it felt like my uterus was getting electrocuted!! After getting it inserted, I had severe cramps that lasted for at least 3 months along with constant bleeding and/or spotting. These cramps were significantly more painful than my normal cramps. I had to take t3 's and at times couldn 't even move. Since then I have also gained 20 lbs and got acne on my chin/neck/chest. I have also got random skin rashes. I was really hoping this would work out for me, but I am thinking about getting it removed if nothing changes in the next few months - I don 't feel like myself anymore.
I just started Bydureon a few days ago.  The needle was intimidating and while I did not get any lumps (so far) at the injection sight on my thigh, I bled a lot and bruised.  Within an hour of my injection, I experienced heart palpitations, dizziness and extreme lethargy.  Then, the extreme vomiting started.  I vomited every 2 hours for 12 hours straight, it was terrible.  The next day, I was just a little nauseous but okay.  Now, I experience queasiness and loss of appetite.  I am nervous to take my next injection due to the extreme vomiting.  I am hoping the results are worth it.
I was put on Luvox for anxiety and depression. I had never had anxiety before so this was the first medicine I had tried. After 4 weeks it gave me very bad anxiety and intense &quot;racing thoughts&quot;. I was only on 25mg and then upped to 50mg. Once I got off, I learnt better ways to cope, by seeing therapists and working on my problems. Not the medicine for me.
I 've been on Lamictal for a couple of months now, only up to 100mg, but I just stopped taking it due to the severe headaches I 've been getting from it. Just a heads-up as one of the potential side effects.
I have been on this pill for 3 months now &amp; I have to say it has been awful!! I do not feel like myself, I 'm really irritable, angry, depressed, &amp; my sex drive is GONE. I 've been working out daily &amp; eating right &amp; still gaining weight. I 've also got awful period acne breakouts on Cryselle. The only positive things are that the pill does it 's job and my periods are 4 days max (they 're also light).
i had to switch bc (Tribessa) they said I was high risk for a stroke ,so I started using lyza. It works but I have had multiple periods in a month . I 'll bleed for 4 weeks then be off for 2 days and start spotting again. That 's turns into another full period I don 't kno if my body isn 't adjusting or what
Does anyone else take Valtrex everyday for prevention? I am not so sure about Valtrex working for me. When I first started taking Valtrex, over two years ago, my dentist told me to take 4 pills at the first tingle sign and then again 4 pills a certain amount of time later. I always followed the directions. It never really seemed to make a difference, a cluster of blisters always showed up. It might have shortened the healing time.After three months in a row of sores, I called my family doctor in tears. So for over a year and half now, I have been taking a Valtrex everyday as prevention. I think I had an outbreak in the early part of the year and one in November and now one in December. It just STINKS!!
I started using Diovan HCT as a lower cost alternative without evaluating side effects.After starting Diovan, my blood pressure was OK, but started suffering from &quot;GOUT&quot;. Often I couldn 't walk and I suffered extensively for 2 years without knowing that the uric acid was being created by the medicine. I changed doctors and the new doctor recommended other medicine. My Uric acid levels went back to normal and they have been fine for 2 years. It is a pleasure for Texan to eat meat again.
I started taking Loseasonique just about a year ago. Before this I took Yaz for about 6 years. My doc recommended Loseasonique so I agreed to try it. The first pack was not to bad. No spotting, but I was very nauseated. On the second pack I began spotting and this continued for weeks at a time. Soon after I began to notice my skin was breaking out. (I have never had acne before). During the third pack the break through bleeding continued, as did the acne (now spread to my back and chest), also I started having headaches on a daily basis. To the point where I could no longer function. I am now at the end of my fourth pack and have been spotting for the entire last month! Getting off soon.
I have had the Skyla for one year now. Although my periods are lighter, they still come and I bleed for about two weeks at a time. I never used to have PMS and now I will cry uncontrollably for a day a few days before my period comes. I never had cramps and now I get a deep dull ache that I had never experienced before the Skyla. Up until month 6 or so it was debilitating. I was on the floor curled up in a ball and the pressure from my pants around my belly was painful and I just  cried. I kept it in as the doctors said it would get better. The pain is gone, but I have no sex drive and bleed for two weeks at a time. Everyone is different and I 've heard great experiences from other people. I will be removing mine soon.
I 've had Nexplanon since 11/5/14 and the whole first week I had extreme nausea, then bled for 3 weeks, was okay for about a month and now I 'm back to nonstop bleeding, extreme nausea, very anxious, crying all the time, acne, and I 'm just overall very unhappy and no longer myself. Having it removed next Monday but I 'm not sure I can wait.
Only stopped 40% of the pain but did manage to get some sleep. Felt quite drowsy the next morning.
I started about 2 weeks ago have not lost weight but I am so nauseous all the time and have horrible indigestion. I burp food I haven 't even eaten. Don 't know how soon should I know if it 's working.
I was on the depo shot when I was 18 and had 3 shots and BOY DID I BLEED. the best part was the fact that I never had any cramps but I bled for over 2 years straight and didn 't have a regular cycle intill reaching the 3rd year.
Mirena was recommended to me to calm down increasingly  'flooding ' periods (more than a year of them) and ease me into menopause.  It was inserted early July 2015 - a bit crampy but bearable.  I bled almost every day (varying amounts, but more than a panty liner would take most days) until the end of September.  Even when flow was very light, I didn 't trust it.  Sex life suffered due to the mess (but no issues with strings!) I was thrilled to finally have a bleeding free three weeks - but then a period - as heavy and flooding and long (or longer!) as the ones I was trying to get rid of!!  First visit post insertion is scheduled for Nov 10 and at this point I 'm very disappointed.
Came down with the flu on Sunday had fever, back ache, sore throat, etc went to the doctor but they didn 't check for the flu said it was sinus infection. By Tuesday I was still feeling ill so went back to doctor and had positive flu test. Started tamiflu that day. Tamiflu caused me to be extremely nausea on Wednesday I was throwing up from Tamiflu. I did not throw up or have diarrhea in the 3 days I had the flu. Not sure if I want to keep taking it or not but it 's Thursday and although no fever or back ache still have flu headache and exhaustion.
It was all going well until 6 months into it a sudden burst of laughter dislodged the Mirena and it eventually perforated the uterus and ended up on the outside. After 2 lots of ultrasounds it has to be removed by laparoscopic surgery. Not a good option if you live outside the city as many appointments to get it sorted plus the expense of it all.
It felt like my head was spinning so bad that I would fall if I bent over.  It seemed that every nerve in my body was on the edge like a full blown bad panic attack. It took an entire day after I took one Epidrin to come down off of the dizziness and stop feeling doped.
I was on Generess FE for about 2 years (loved it) and then could no longer afford it because it no longer had a activis card to use when paying for it. So, the doctor put me on Minastrin 24 FE. I believe this pill has made me gain a little bit of weight in a very short amount of time and my biggest concern is how it has effected me emotionally. I feel very moody and so unhappy, almost depressed. I also have no sex drive which I am not sure if that is from the pill or the slight depression from the pill. Either way it is just not working well with my body. I Can 't wait to switch off of this pill.
Not good for severe pain.
Although it helped with my delusional thoughts, it completely destroyed my life. I have anhedonia, loss of sex drive, fatigue, can 't play football or any sports, my mind is blank, 40 kg weight gain, always hungry, can 't get drunk. Feeling down sometimes. Robbed every joy from me.
I am more than half way through the starter pack and have been vomiting almost daily.  I have had no major breakthrough in pain either.  I was so hoping this was the miracle I was waiting for.
For the PTSD, Insomnia, anxiety &amp; depression, I take Lunesta 3 mg, Prazosin 2mg (for the PTSD dreams), Doxepin 75mg, &amp; have Xanax for the anxiety. I take it as when needed. Zoloft 200mg is used for depression &amp; is working.Lunesta used to work alone. Once the PTSD reared its ugly head again, Prazosin was added. The nightmares are much better. However, the insomnia went on a rampage so, Doxipen was added, first at 50 mg for a week (didn 't help much) so, the doc increase to 75mg. It 's 2:26am east coast. I 'm going to stay with what was prescribed for this coming week &amp; hope for the best although so far, hope isn 't helping.
I had gotten the implant after having my second daughter, as I was supposed to get it after my first daughter but didn 't want to deal with the side effects, I had always had been called fat my whole teenage life because I was a little bigger then my friends, and had chubby cheeks, although before having my daughters I was a size 8-10. I was told that it causes weight gain but I thought I would be able to control it, I 've had it over a year now, and I 've gained so much weight, now I actually really feel fat, I always get told that I 've gained weight, which has killed the confidence that I ever had, I just can 't stop eating junk food, I do so much walking yet still no weight loss
Been on it for 3 days and so far no improvement
As I 've only been on the medication a week, don 't take this review exactly to heart. My first day on this medication was extremely brain foggy, trouble concentrating and very sleepy. I was already sleeping excessively to begin with, which is something I was needing help with. The first night I took this I slept for 14 hours, which is actually way more then I usually do. I also didn 't really feel like myself taking this medication, it kinda sucks the life right out of you. I would reply slower to things, take longer to think of responses, and all in all lack the normal enthusiasm I usually had. Now, as far as my mood swings went, I believe I have a mild case of bipolar. My doctor prescribed me 200 mg twice a day, which I 've just been halfing
I am a Lupus sufferer and this medicine totally exacerbated my condition.  I had joint pain which intensified at night, insomnia, and a rash on my face.  
I went on Ortho Tri-Cyclen for about a year &amp; I can honestly say my face cleared up tremendously. The only downside was that I experienced crazy emotions &amp; mood swings. I unfortunately ran out &amp; wasn 't able to refill my prescription for a couple weeks. As soon as I went back on it &amp; for the past year I 've had the worst acne I 've ever had. Cystic as well as scarring I 've never experienced. I tried to stick it out to see if I would get the results that I had when I first took it but it hasn 't gotten any better.. I 'm now switching to Gianvi &amp; hoping this will make my acne better.
In theory, it would have been the perfect contraceptive, but I 'm scheduling an appointment to take it out because of rapid weight gain.With the IUD, my periods have been easy to manage, and far in between each other (about 2-3 months). It would last about 3 days, but the flow was very light. Pink on the toilet paper, like spotting. BEFORE Mirena, my highest recorded weight was 170 lbs. I ate junk all day and never exercised. After I began working out and eating clean, I dropped down to a stable 130 lbs. AFTER Mirena, noticed a slight weight gain, and almost 2 years later, I now weigh 190 lbs!!! I 'm running miles every day, eating well and I 'm STILL gaining weight.I need it out immediately! It 's ruining my self esteem and body image!
I 've been taking Endocet 10 mg for almost a year, just this last week I have been hit with breathing problems. I gasp for air at the littlest of effort. This is very scary, I instantly have stopped taking them. I sure hope my breathing gets better soon. I have bad knees and this did seem to help take the edge off but I would much rather breath than take any edge off.
Been on Invokana for about two months, and while it lowered my insulin use (I 'm on a pump and was using about 250 units a day) it 's had some unpleasant side effects too.  There is some pain in the penis during sex, and after the act the penis has turned bright red and sore on some occasions.  It usually goes away in a day or two, but I 'm thinking about going off of it.  I 've also had stomach upset, lightheaded and dizzyness (especially on getting up).
I just got my Paragard removed after having it in for about 8 months. I wanted Paragard because I 'm sensitive to hormonal birth control and right now Paragard seems to be the only hormone-free option. Unfortunately, the side effects were just too much for me, and only seemed to be getting worse as time went on, instead of better. Some of the lovely things I had to deal with on Paragard:- Painful cramps--not just around my period, but also whenever I would exercise- Long periods--they lasted about 2 weeks. Seriously.- Heavy periods--the jokes about the elevator scene in The Shining are completely accurate- Constant nausea, dizziness and headaches- Weight gainMy body just didn 't want Paragard inside of me and made my life miserable.
Hate hate hate it. I had nexplanon put in Oct 2014. Gained over 50lbs and was loosing hair by the hand full. It took over 6months and a general surgeon for me to get it out. Although very full proof, the side effects are not worth it.  Never again. Pills for me.
In mid June I will have been on Prozac for a year. It helps me think before I act but I think that It makes me overthink, which can be good or bad. I noticed I 'm really irritable and extremely tired no matter how much I sleep. This doesn 't help me 100% but I have been controlling myself better. I am not myself. This grouchy, lazy, overreacting person is not me. I go through the school day and then I have no more motivation. I 'm just going through the motions.
Okay so I just had a c section 6 days ago and hadn 't had a good poop since then....I went to go and iI couldn 't, realizing that it was a huge baseball sized impacted turd, Prarie doggin out my bum. Well It hurt and I couldn 't do the pain so I called my doctor and she told me to get some dulco lax suppositories. ...I did..and first thing I noticed was the rectal burning. .felt like someone shoved a jalape&ntilde;o up there sideways then I felt it working and rushed to the potty...what happened next is that of my nightmares....it didn 't soften the poop or give me diarrea like I had hoped it would. ..it just maDE my rectal and stomach muscles contract involuntarily to push it out. It came out alright, but it wasn 't soft or gentle AT ALL. NEVER AGAIN!
I took this 2 times for the same UTI.  Although it helped minimize some of the symptoms, it did not cure my UTI.  I have taken 6 rounds of antibiotics (2x Cipro) and have finally been prescribed Augmentin.  Hopefully it will work!
I have taken Rebif (hated injections), Tysabri (loved) and Tecfidera.  I lasted 6 months on the drug after experiencing the flushing and feeling blah every day and 10 lbs weight loss which I can 't handle.  I was pulled off this past March after having a low White Blood Cell count.
I started on May 1 and upped the dose from .6 to 1.2 ml in a week.  I felt dizzy, severe headache, and couldn 't eat. I 'm assuming this was from very low blood sugar? I went off it totally for a week to get back to normal and now started back 3 days ago on .6 ml again.  I feel slight headache and can 't eat again.  Haven 't noticed weight loss yet.  Does anyone else feel this bad and is the weight loss coming?
I 'm on doxycycline currently I 've been on it for 2 months now I was prescribed for 5 months, really hasn 't been working... the moment I feel like my skin is clearing it takes a turn for the worst, it 's crazy... if it was my choice I 'd jump on accutaine take it once and not have to worry about this acne any more
Celexa seems to be effective and works ok.  It picks me up in the morning and helps a little.  The effect lessens over time when I continued to take it.  I take Effexor on the side of that and it really works.  It 's not powerful, it 's mild but does lessen depression.  Not the best.
Im 30 yrs old and have 1 child who is 8, This was worst pain ever after insertion I could barely drive home/walk! I even took ibuprofen 800mg an hour before my apointment ,had to stop at CVS on the way home to get Tylenol extra strength to add to the ibuprofen BC that alone was not doing anything! Finally went away 30 min later I had it done on June 1st and been bleeding ever since it did lighten up a little then went away for few days but yesterday it came back really heavy! Im guessing I have my period? Also had cramping yest but today I have breast tenderness,nausea,and a migraine! Also the few days when I was not bleeding my boyfriend and I had sex and he says he can feel the strings and for me it kind of hurt. I pray this gets better!!
I think it doesn 't  work that well.  Also it didn 't help my temper &amp; I still have OCD issues .
I am 18 years old and I 've been on the since I was 15, two months before my sixteenth birthday. I have done loads of research on this shot and after taking it this long  and reading everyone 's complaints, I have reached a final conclusion that this shot has deteriorated my health tremendously. I have always had problems with feeling depressed but ever since I got on this shot I 've been feeling so horribly suicidal and anxious, my mood has been affected so badly too. I am always stressed or not really sure about what or how I feel. I have really bad abdominal pain, and not to mention the worse headaches and dizziness of my life. I am constantly dizzy and fatigued and i gained lots of weight. It prevents pregnancy yes, but not worth it.
I 've known something was wrong with me for several years now, but only recently did I &quot;push the point&quot; and get some face time with a specialist. The pulmonologist put me on a CPAP machine and dismissed my MSLT results, whereas the neurologist paid attention to my MSLT results and diagnosed me with narcolepsy. He put me on 250mg Nuvigil, broken in half, 1 in AM and 1 at noon. The first day it worked *great*, the rest of the first week or two it worked so-so (still had &quot;the nods&quot; at my desk, driving, etc, but usually didn 't fall completely asleep), but it really hasn 't helped since then. I, too, will &quot;stick it out&quot; for a month.
I hate this pill. Makes me so depressed I find myself always mad at my boyfriend for the smallest things my period this month started on Dec1st and it just ended on Dec.12 which was yesterday . My periods were so much heavier than usual I do not recommend this pill
4 weeks on Cymbalta at 60mg. I came off because they made me feel ill, and I am used to medication as I have tried a few. I spent 3 years on a high dose of Citalopram and never went through anything like I have done with coming off Cymbalta. My GP decided to slowly taper me off and this is when hell started.  Never on any medication that I have taken have the withdrawals been as bad. I have constant nausea, have been sick, stomach aches and pains, diarrhea, dizziness, leg ache, restless sleep, bad dreams, chills, and now my anxiety is back!  I am crying on/off and having panic attacks. It 's just awful.
I have been using Mirena for about a 1 yr now and I 've been waiting for the awful symptoms to go away but they have not. Acne, tired, bloated, nausea, cramping, headaches. I 've also gained a lot of weight I thought the symptoms would go away but they haven 't so I 'm seriously thinking of having it removed. Everyone 's body is different and I am sad it didn 't work for me. I 'm thinking about just getting a tubal. I already have two little boys and I 'm pretty sure I 'm done having kids.
I 've been on an effective dose (100mg or higher) for over half a year and I haven 't seen any effects. My doctor first had me on lexapro, which made me nauseous, so we decided to switch to zoloft. When I first started zoloft, it gave me headaches for the first week or so, but aside from that I experienced no negative side effects. Unfortunately, I haven 't experienced any positive effects either. I 'm on zoloft for social anxiety and mild to moderate depression.The only other effect I 've noticed is more vivid dreams. So while I 'm glad that zoloft had very minimal side-effects (headaches), this just didn 't work for me. I was on 100mg a day for about two months, then 150, and finally 200. I saw no change/improvement in anxiety or depression.
This pill certainly works for birth control and my periods are significantly lighter and shorter, but the acne on my face worsened and I suddenly had back acne as well. I had to get another prescription for acne medicine to get that under control.
&quot;A mild increase of vaginal burning, itching, or irritation may occur-.&quot; First off let me tell you that this statement is complete rubbish. Never have I felt the flames of Hades in my nether regions before, nor the horrific itch of a mosquito plague accompanying it. I read that the itching subsides as the treatment wears on so I will tough it out. However that does not stop my desire to punch the creators in the face.
April 2016 out of the blue after having normal cycles and 5 pregnancies, I started hemorrhage and passing softball size clots. My doctor started me on 10 mg provera and that slowed down the bleeding. It has been 42 continuous days of bleeding then they raised the provera to 20 mg. They worked for two months then started spotting. They raised to 30. Well now I 'm on 40 mg.. I 'm not liking some of the mood side effects. I 'm not sure if this medication is for me..
I was on the Depo for two years and was awesome for the first 6 months. I seriously thought I was in heaven. I still had periods, but had absolutely no cramps at all, which is saying a lot since I had horrible pains before, and the bleeding was light. I started the Depo because I couldn 't remember the pill. Things were going well and then I started a period that lasted for a year. I would have stayed on the Depo regardless of the bleeding, but it was the horrible mood swings that made me stop using it. I was seriously a miserable person. Though this was my experience it could be different for others. My body never reacts the way it should. Really the only way to know is to try it yourself.
I have had hormonal migraines sine I was 17.  I would have horrible migraines through my menstrual cycle each month.   I developed high blood pressure &amp; my doctor prescribed Linsinopril &amp; when that didn 't lower it enough he added Amlodipine.   I took it for about 9 months and never had a migraine which was wonderful.   BUT, I developed waves of severe fatigue and was feeling crappy all over much of the time.  I developed swelling in my feet &amp; ankles &amp; my diastolic blood pressure was almost 100 all the time.  I researched the medicines I 've been taking &amp; decided to monitor my blood pressure &amp; stop the Amlodipine.  I instantly felt better &amp; my blood pressure actually went down.  Don 't know if migraine will return.  Not worth the side effects!
I have received i.v. vancomycin previously without any adverse reactions however this past week I received a dose of it (i.v. again) and began severely itching and had facial swelling. I was in the ER and now I don 't know if I am allergic to it or just sensitive to of or if it reacted to one of the medication I already take.
I started with  implanon while in high sco  l&amp; loved it. It cleared my skin, I only had 2-3 periods a year that we 're very light I thought it was the best BC ever.  Well when my time was up I got a new implant by that time implanon had turned into nexplanon. My Dr. put it in my arm without going over the fact that it has much more side effects, especially for me who already has anemia, low blood sugar, severe depression &amp; anxiety, etc. Well the first year wasn 't to different besides more periods that were very heavy &amp; long. Then it all got much worst my face is full of acne that I 've never ever had this bad, I 'm more depressed then ever with almost constant mood swings, I have no drive, constantly fatigued I can 't wait to get this thing out &amp; get a non hormonal BC!!
I used to take Paxil and I hated the side effects, and the withdrawal effects, like brain zaps.  Because of this, I don 't want to try another SSRI. So my doctor had me try Buspar.  I was hopeful at first. I knew it affected serotonin, but without the withdrawal effects.  Well.  The first 5 mg dose I took brought on a gigantic round on brain zaps for 1.5 hours, the same kind that I 'd had in Paxil withdrawal, but much worse. It was so bad that I could barely walk.  Every time I moved my head or neck, I 'd get a bunch of zaps in a row.  Very disorienting.  I gave it a week and a half to see if the zaps would dissipate, and they didn 't.  My doctor said to stop the Buspar because if the zaps haven 't stopped by now, they probably won 't.
I was prescribed 500mg, 2x daily for 7 days for Pelvic Inflammatory infection not related to an STD. Prior to this diagnosis it was believed to be UTI so I was given 3 days of Cipro with no side effects or relief. I had debilitating pain in my right hip, pelvis, low back and ovaries when I was seen. On day 5 of Metronidazole treatment my pain decreased. but the 3rd day in thru now (2nd day off) I have horrible taste in my mouth, cannot tolerate heat without almost fainting, have fatigue (caffeine no help), sweating (air conditioning no help), joint pain and mental agitation and overall sick feeling. The plus side is that the pain is gone so hopefully I will return to normal soon.
I took 10mg for about 6 months although initially I felt less manic, my muscles in my legs ached and I started to lose my zest to do anything. My whole outlook on life seemed to be dead but not in a depressed way. I stopped taking Abilify and gradually I started to return back to the creative person I have always been. I still take a mood stabiliser (topirimate) to control my mania and Prozac to stop my depressive moods. Abilify was just a step too far for me to handle, I don 't want to be a zombie.
I took Cantrave for five months under a physician monitored program.  After three months there were no noticeable effects of the drug.   I started to regain the weight for two months while on the drug.  I went off the drug and five months later I am back where I started and several hundred dollars out of pocket.  My physician told me it was good for long-term use, but that did not prove the case for me.  It was not effective after ninety days.
I tried this medicine but had to discontinue using it. The side effects were horrible for me.
I have trouble falling asleep, and staying asleep. I have tried lunesta in the past and it didn 't work. It put a terrible taste in my mouth for days. I have been on silenor for 3 nights now, and it isn 't working for me. I took 6 mg at 9 pm, and was still awake at 3 am this morning, hadn 't slept at all. It has been this way for all 3 nights. I have again developed a terrible taste in my mouth, so bad that I am going off this pill.
This is my second month on Skyla, I had the Mirena IUD before and the depo provera in between. They are all extremely effective. I had the Skyla inserted the day I was due for my depo provera shot, I was not on my period ( I thought I needed to be, Gyno said no)  The insertion was quite painful!! I tore into my arm with my nails trying to take the pain away from the insertion. I didn 't remember it being that painful with the Mirena. I started my period 2 weeks after insertion, cramps weren 't too bad, seemed to be normal and the period lasted a normal 6-7 days. The next month.. I am having contraction like cramps and have not stopped bleeding.. The cramps are horrendous and I am considering having it removed!  Not recommending!
Have been on this for about 5 months. At first breasts got larger (about a cup size) and my period got lighter. No other side effects however recently I have been getting very nauseous  either a few hours later or the next morning even if i take pill with food. It 's to the point where I am unable to hold a conversation with someone because I feel lie I may throw up. However I do have a very sensitive stomach so it could be a combination of the two.
I have just started taking it, but I have a cough, as with the Spiriva, and I have heart palpitations and dizziness......so....I don 't think I will carry on taking it, my breathing isn 't better.
I was on 20 mg of Celexa for 2 years to treat anxiety (GAD) and OCD. With Celexa, I never had any side effects, and the only thing I noticed was my weight would fluctuate.My Doctor suggested Wellbutrin because it was weight neutral and also could help with ADD. I tried it for 4 weeks, which I know you should give it the full 6-8 weeks, however, 4 weeks was enough. I had horrible headaches, no appetite, felt like I was strung out, up days, down days,depressions (which I have never had), horrible anxiety, no motivation, horrible ADD, and the list goes on. I told my doctor, but she urged me to continue. Finally, my hair started coming out, and I was done. This is a powerful drug and I am sure it does wonder for people who need it, but not me.
I got on Nexplanon in mid July 2015. The longest I 've ever been off of my period since I got it implanted is about 2 weeks. Since I 've had it implanted I 've gone between 2 to14 days per month with no bleeding, with the average being less than a week. I 'm 25, I 've never been on birth control before. I have gained about 10lbs, minor acne outbreaks around my upper back. I have experienced pretty regular tiredness and depression. A comment on here mentioned the dark, rust colored bleeding, I experience that regularly. I 'm super close to having it removed because of the constant bleeding. No arguing that it works tho. Haven 't used protection since I 've been on it. And the implantation process itself was not really painful.
I started taking this medication last week, I started suffering from depression when my marraige began to fall apart! I was trying for years to be there for my husband as he returned from a deployment suffering from serve ptsd! Right now I can say my opinion on this medication differs. One day I 'm fine and can get through my day calm, other days I have serve anxiety and I 'm freaking out or I 'm so tired with headaches that I just want to be alone and sleep all day! A big concern,even through I shouldn 't be complaining about is losing weight in a week I have already dropped 5 pounds! I feel as if I should give this more time to balance me out! I 'm only on 150mg once a day
I have been taking this medicine for almost 3 months now and during this last month of the pills I have been spotting/light bleeding for a month. I took other pills before and it did not happen. I will be stopping this when I am done with this pack.
I used Latuda for bipolar 2 depression for over a week.  It was very expensive!  I could feel a slight difference, more positive mood after a week, but nausea even after taking pill after a full large meal.  The reason I stopped taking it was because two hours after taking the pill, I would fall asleep.  Not just be tired but actually fall asleep at work.  The naps I would take after taking the pill when at home were not fully rested, I would get chills, had to have layers of blankets for 3-4 hours.  Then once I woke up I would feel fine but it would have ruined my sleep pattern for the night ahead.  I think it will work well for someone who does wont experience those side effects.  I would give it a try.  Stay positive!
Complete hysterectomy 2003. Went through menopause w minimal hot flashes.  Fast forward 2014-2016 started low dose cymbaltA for back pain after back surgery. CymbaltA seemed to help some w the pain. Dose increased to 40mg and eventually to 60mg. Hot flashes have been horrible. They come on fast and there is nothing that makes them better except sitting w a fan blowing on me. I have heard bad stories about stopping cymbalta and the side effects of that. I am fearful to stop but too hot to continue.
I have severe nerve pains in my hands and feet. I am not diabetic, my doctor tried me on 60mg. By the 7th day I had my wife call the doctor and advise that I would like to discontinue use. I take a lot of different medication for different medical problems and can tolerate them well but this &quot;Cymbalta&quot; was different. It made me feel disconnected, my body was here and my mind was out there somewhere, like have tunnel vision. Did not like this medication. 
I had HORRIBLE hot flashes.
I have been suffering from migraines for over 20 years. My migraines are hormonal but also stress related. First time I took sumatriptan I couldn 't believe how effective it was. My migraine disappeared in only 15 minutes and I was able to live my life as a &quot;normal&quot; person instead of lying on bed all day. Unfortunately the magic only lasted a few times. I realised every time I had a migraine it took longer and longer for the drug to act. And also my migraines were more frequent since I began using sumatriptan. I stopped taking this triptan and my doctor suggested another one (zolmitriptan) which is working really well for me and I only have 1 migraine per month now.
Calms my Migraines a bit, but then they go back to normal or even worse. Not the best medication for me.
I started trulicity three weeks ago never felt so sick in my life feel worse when I have my injection which is a Saturday my son gets married soon on a Saturday so I 'm really worried cos I know I 'm going to feel awful.  I have not lost any weight yet ...
This was my first attempt at a prescription for weight loss and I took this from 9/13-3/14. I lost weight and my appetite, somedays forgetting to eat at all. This medicine had a big effect on me that I didn 't comprehend while I was on it. I held a high level position and drove multi-states for work. Q made it increasingly tough to focus and effected my eyesight and caused some hair loss over time. I couldn 't sleep and in addition to not being able to focus, I was exhausted....Wired AND Tired everyday! These things got worse over time. I had dull, almost puffy pain around my eyes everyday, all day long, and my hands and feet were freezing even in hot weather. I was so off-kilter on this...although I lost weight, I felt increasingly awful.
I experienced the &quot;restlesss, anxious&quot; side effects from this medication and it 's been almost 24 hours and I am still feeling it in my legs.  My headache is gone which is great, but my legs can 't stop moving.
I started depo in April of 2015 because of extremely painful periods. At first it was great, I had no period the month following, but then in June I started spotting, it wasn 't a full blown period but it lasted for nearly 3 weeks. Then came the next shot in July; no period for a month &amp; then spotting for 2 weeks. Then the October shot; same thing except I started spotting early January which lasted up until I was due for my next shot. I 'm wanting to switch to the pill. It was great for lessening cramps, but terrible for the ongoing bleeding. My acne got worse, I didn 't become depressed, I didn 't gain weight, but I 've been the same weight for 4 years, sex drive may have lessened, &amp; I 'm not pregnant.
Ineffective for deep muscle pain for my Torn rotator cuff 
So, I am only within my first month and this is SCARY. I have always had bad acne, but within this first month it has made it worse. The kind of cystic acne I get now, I cannot get rid of as soon as I used to be able to. Most pimples would go away for about a week and these have lasted for a month almost. I am also starting to take tretinoin and doxycycline in addition to the birth control because I feel so hopeless. Please, someone tell me this is supposed to happen? You know? Worse before better?Thanks.
I normally take Milk of Magnesia and have never had issues with it. It clears out my system well with no issues. I decided to try ducolax  because it is supposed to be gentle. Gentle as a bad stomach flu. I took 3 tablets at 11 pm by 4 am I was having severe cramps but no action. By 8 am I was dry heaving/vomiting while everything else was coming out the other end. I broke out in a cold sweat and it was everything I could do to stay upright on the toilet. I was there for 45 minutes before crawling back into bed. Every 10-15 minutes I was back in the bathroom. Then crawl back to bed. The worst was over by noon but I continue to have periodic cramps and diarrhea over 24 hours later. From now on I will stick with MoM.
I am a critical care nurse for over 7 years. I have given prep to hundreds of patients over the years, this is my first self experience. At 28 years old, I have to have a colonoscopy and EGD for abdominal pain and bloody stools for over 3 weeks. I have a pretty diverse palate and eat some crazy things, but this: HORRIBLE! I choked down every swig. Smells half decent, tastes terrible. Called my doctor and there really isn 't any other prep available. So, I did what I had to do. I will say, the effects weren 't terrible. No cramping. No bloating. Only nausea was the gagging to get it down. A few watery stools. I understand it 's most likely because of the electrolyte mix, but O. M. G! Something needs to be done about the taste! Indescribable!
I was put on Biaxin 3 days ago for sinus infection, bronchitis, ear infection and upper respiratory tract infection, and have the most horrible taste in my mouth. The 1st night I got up several times just to brush my teeth to get rid of the taste. I called the Doctor today and he is calling in something else. 
Started on 10mg for 1 week with little results. Woke up twice every night, seems like it took forever to get back to sleep. Doctor increased dose to 2 10mg per night-it 's been a month now and I 'm still waking up at least twice each night. I have tried taking both capsules around 9-9:30PM, or 1 at 9:30PM &amp; the other around 11PM, same sleep interruptions.  I decided to just get up at 4AM-when I 'm awake the second time and stare at the TV or fix my husband 's lunch.  I 'm still not feeling as if I 'm getting a good night 's sleep-find myself tired and grouchy during the day and early evening. Feeling very frustrated.
I 've had this birth control since December 2016 and am having it removed next week. I have gained around 20lbs that I cannot get off of me. I 'm always feeling depressed and the weight gain really has me even more depressed. One minute I 'm happy the next out of no where I 'm pissed off for no reason at all. I was on the nuvaring for 5 years and wasn 't told that after 5 years you have to take a break from it. It started messing up my cycles so I went to nexplanon and now I 'm going back to the nuvaring. I went maybe 3 months without a cycle but now I 've been spotting for almost 2 weeks, can 't handle that either.
Only recently has the makers of Topamax been disclosing the potential risks of Acidosis, Renal Tubular Acidosis and bone disease. After being on this drug for 6 years or so, I developed kidney stones (another side effect) on five different occasions. My urine citrate levels dipped to 18. 550 and higher is normal. I had become so ill, I was close to renal failure. Calium and vitamine D levels were dangerously low. My bones developed osteomalasia, or softening of the bones. 
I was on Effexor ER for 4 years with excellent results. When Effexor went generic, this is the medicine I was prescribed. I 've been on this version for 1 month, and I 'm very unhappy with response. I have high levels of stress and irritability, to the point that I need to avoid interaction with people for fear I 'll say something I shouldn 't at the smallest provocation. I don 't like myself on this drug!
Around month two on trinessa I developed a few hives on my stomach but didn 't connect it to the drug until month three or four when the rash had completely overtaken my stomach and sides. I stopped taking this medication and the rash cleared up in about two weeks and hasn 't returned. Very weird.
I was prescribed Paxil for anxiety &amp; depression when I was 13. Initially, it did all it was promised with few side affects. Over the years it seemed to lose it 's effectiveness, but I was afraid to come off it for fear I would be worse off. Finally started the process of weaning myself off it when multiple reports came out saying it was DANGEROUS and had multiple long term effects on teenagers. I had been taking it for nearly a decade. The withdrawals were the worst thing I have experienced in my life. Thought I was dying. My face and limbs didn 't feel real. The &quot;zaps&quot;. I was nonfunctional, and this lasted months. Please use extreme caution and have someone closely monitor you when you decide to wean off this medication.
I recieved my second injection of Euflexxa today. After the first one no relief the doctor said alot of people don 't feel relief after the first one but after the second maybe. He said that a month after the third injection if no relief then it did not take. The medication has a 50-50 chance. If this doesn 't take then I am looking at a knee replacement. So we will see.
Id write more except I cant focus for long. Citalopram made me suicidal, hate that drug with a passion. Doctor gave me this, its yet to help with my anxiety or panic attacks (2 weeks in 30mg). Side effects are not great:The most horrific and graphic nightmares I 've ever had in my life which make me wake up in tears. The problem here is that this drug makes me sleep for 10  hours so theres no escaping these dreams, then when I wake up i just have these disturbing images in my head all day which makes my anxiety worse.  my anger is unreal and not an aggressive person in general. Another thing is I cannot sit still, i have to be moving all the time from the second I wake up. Concentration is non existent...
This is the third week of the blue pills and I 've started my period. Keeping in mind that I had the same problem with Apri, I went along with it. I was not prepared for the killer cramps, migraines, nausea, throwing up, loss of appetite, extreme mood swings. I feel unmotivated and am having suicidal/negative thoughts.
I have been taking prozac for the past 7 weeks. I have always been a worrier but it got a lot worse during 2nd semester of my first year in medical school. Despite my anxiety and depression I was always a straight A student. I had great study skills and I had great concentration. But I started fearing studying and going to classes because it usually triggers my anxiety. So I just stopped doing school work and I just slept. My parents stated getting worried and they took me to see a psychiatrist. He put me on prozac (20mg). Prozac really helped me at first. I watched movies and spent a lot of time with my siblings but my academic performance  was bad. Since then it has gotten worse. Should I just withdraw? Should I give up my dream?
I started taking spironolactone 3 weeks ago (50 mg 2/day, so 100 mg dose) and my acne is the worst it has EVER been. I get cystic acne on my chin but the rest of my face is usually okay. As of last week I broke out in SO many cystic pimples on my chin, along my jawline, on my cheeks, even some by my nose. My acne hasn 't been this bad in a while. From everything I 've read about this medicine, it seems I am in the initial breakout period that only some people experience. This is very difficult to deal with but I am going to wait it out for at least 6 months. Also, my period is always irregular, sometimes I don 't get it for 9 months. But since taking this medicine I have already had my period twice. 
I had skyla placed Dec of 2014. The placement wasn 't too painful but the cramping afterward was pretty rough. I had spotting on and off for 2 months which is normal. Then the bleeding stopped all together and I had no period or anything. However, One morning I experienced severe lower abdominal pain and went to the ER. Turns out I had two cyst, and one had burst (never had a history of cysts before the IUD) and also had an ectopic (or tubal) pregnancy. I had to have the IUD removed immediately and ended up having laparoscopic surgery. Needless to say, getting Skyla was definitely not the right choice for me...
I got my implant in August of 2015 and I think I have had just about every side effect there is. I 've had constant spotting, one of my periods lasted for just over 3 weeks. I 've had what I like to call ghost periods where I don 't bleed but I have crippling cramps, pms, headaches and fatigue. I 've also experienced insomnia, loss of appetite, migraines, mood swings, and in the last year I have had 4 yeast infections and once when I had a bacterial infection and yeast infection and the same time.. my doctor was very confused as to how that happened... maybe my body is just not meshing well with this implant, but just about every side effect that can occur with this implant I have had. I 've tried it for a year and I 'm done with it.
I took one at 2:30 in the afternoon, in the middle of the night I was awakened by heart palpitations and spent hours in the ER. I had a CAT scan of the heart, EKG, echocardiogram and XRAY. I thought I was going to having a heart attack or stroke.
I am an 82 year old, non-diabetic.  I have been taking Gabapentin (and other drugs) for peripheral neuropathy since September 1997 - 30 YEARS..  I am now addicted to it, thanks in most part to the VA 's &quot;Healthcare System&quot;.  I 've been taking 900 mgs three times a day which frequently does little to no good.   Several times a week, I am awake for more than 36 hours straight because of the severe shooting pain; and now have uncontrollable seizures in my right leg and numbness in both feet and ankles.  The VA doctor wants MY permission to increase the dosage to the maximum of 1200 mgs three times a day.  No Thanks!
Few years ago started with Trulicity, then insurance made me switch to Tanzeum and now had to switch to Bydureon. Couple of issues. The corkscrew on my second box. When I twist the green I hear the click and the medicine window only has part of the liquid the base has pushed out some of the medicine into the cap. I take off the needle cap and there is liquid in the cap, at 125 a pen. So, either I have a bad box of 4 or there is defect on these, did not happen on box 1 but on box 2 the first 2 pens had this. First and second day side effects for me are horrendous, nausea and just feel awful. Never had these issues with prep or side effects with either Trulicity or Tanzeum. But its all up to insurance companies at the end, they decide what is best for you.
it helped somewhat for my antidepressant to work
I started Victoza 3 months ago but I stopped because I feel my blood sugar is going low and one day it went up to 2.9 so my doctor told me to stop using it.
Hi everyone. I am on day 10 and I am feeling very frustrated and feel that I am failing at giving up the smokes. Yes I am starting to feel a bit nauseous, heart palpitations, dry mouth &amp; tired. Yes I have slowed down on the smokes but I feel that it won 't be a quick fix! Why can 't I be like everyone else and just not smoke?
I was given epiduo from my doctor to help with my acne. Now for the acne side of things the product really does work and i could see a difference within a few days of using the product......HOWEVER....after 2-3 days i have nothing but persistent dryness, swelling of the eyes and a stinging sensation. I could cry with the stinging as it is so uncomfortable that I have to bathe my eyes with cold water just to try and take the pain away. I have gone for weeks without using it to go back as it may have been something else that had been causing it. I couldn 't have been more wrong. I would rather suffer with acne than use this product or recommend it to anyone.
Same as previous comment.  Made me sick to my stomach, serious diahrea.  Only took for 4 days and felt terrible, like I had the flu.  It did help the breathing, but not enough to put up with the side effects.
Hey guys! I was wondering if any of you have advice or think I should just go get a test! My boyfriend and I had unprotected sex the day after my period and he went inside me on accident so he got me a plan b that I took about 10 hours after, a few days after I took it I started spotting which I thought was a good sign! But I 'm now a week late on my period and I just don 't know if I should totally be freaking out or not.
Everything was okay until the end of the first pack. Then, I spotted for 2 months straight. I am now having my period, and it is just like how they were before the medicine, only with more cramps. I usually have awful cramps the first day, then they go away. I 'm 3 days in and the cramps haven 't gotten better. I am remaining hopeful for the next 3 month set though.
I 've tried many sleep aids. I 'm currently taking a generic AMBIEN-CR 12.5mg. I had previously used both Brand name and generic versions of AMBIEN 10mg. I 'm disappointed with AMBIEN &amp; AMBIEN-CR. I 've read horror stories of blackouts, falling into deep sleep within minutes of ingesting and even that the dose requirements have been reduced. Despite the alleged powerful effects of AMBIEN and AMBIEN-CR, I find it to be modestly effective for sleep. Regular, immediate-release AMBIEN 10mg would only help me sleep for  /- 3 hours.
I was prescribed Zoloft 25mg a day for Depression and Anxiety/panic attacks. I was also having severe insomnia at the time and really bad anger problems. From the first day I took Zoloft, my anger almost completely went away. I wasn 't upset by things that normally annoyed me anymore. Another plus I noticed almost immediately was the lift in mood. I had great success raising my mood and lifting depression in the first few weeks of this drug. However I stopped taking Zoloft after 4 weeks because the negatives were far outweighing the positives. My insomnia and panic attacks got WAY worse, it was horrifying. I went to the ER because I had the worse panic of my life and thought I was dying. Sleep was impossible. Now I 'm trying Remeron.
So I have had Nexplanon for 2 years 3 months. I had it inserted 3 months after my son was born and I was breastfeeding so hadn&rsquo;t had a period since having him. The no periods continued up until a week ago when I got a normal type period. At this point I would say that I am still breastfeeding although it&rsquo;s just one small feed a night. I am now on day 9 since this period stated and I am still randomly spotting fresh blood... my theory is that the breastfeeding has been suppressing my period and now that has almost stopped they have returned.. although by the looks of things between that and the Nexplanon they are all over the place.
I noticed right away I was exausted, but didn 't think anything of it. I have always been emotional so it didn 't seem off that I randomly started crying. Once I hit 4 months I thought I burnt my tongue. Went to the doctor to make sure it was nothing like strep throat or anything. My tongue swelled to where I couldn 't talk or eat, and it lasted about a week. Then this month the first week on the new pack I had the same problem. I know I haven 't burnt my tongue as I have been too paranoid to eat anything hot. So I called the doctors office and was told it 's odd, but it can happen.. so I will be picking up a new prescription today. Mean while I still have to wait for the swelling to go down.
I could not focus while on this drug. I had blurry vision and I couldn 't sit still. Now I 'm on something else with no side effects.
I took Yaz years ago, without issue. I don 't know if it 's my body aging or what, but when I started taking Gianvi (generic Yaz) 4 months ago, the depression/anxiety/anger side effect is just too much. I 'm quitting. I have read that the synthetic hormone in this BC, drospirenone, can cause depression. For me, it 's been dramatic. Every month about 5 days before my period, I cry uncontrollably and get irritable and angry for no reason. I 'm dead-eyed depressed and feel lethargic at times. Also, I have ZERO sex drive and cannot climax when I do. I am not myself, mentally or emotionally, and it 's just not worth it to take this pill any more. If you are prone to depression, do not take this.
2 weeks into lisinopril. ED had just started, dizzy, BP only a bit lower.
I was on Yasmin for around a year and had no problems with it. It was great and then I started to get breakthrough bleeding so my doctor switched me to Diane which was terrible! I think it was too strong for me because it made me break out like crazy. I didn 't have acne to begin with. I then had a break from the pill (skin cleared up completely from almost the 2nd day of stopping the pill) for about 6 months or so and now have gone back on Yasmin and my skin has been breaking out like crazy! lots of small white heads on the left side of my face and some in a little section on my right cheek. They 're small but coming up every single day. I 'm in the 4th month now and hasn 't cleared up yet. Help!! : '(
I finished my 21 month Forteo injection program 6 months ago. I was disappointed to learn of only a 10% to 14% improvement in my bones.  I was not told so but I believed I would see at least at 50% improvement.  
I 'm only giving Estrace Cream a 3 rating on the scale due to there being issues with the product.  I have been using this product for a couple of years. It did help until the last few months, I went from using it 2-3 times a week to needing it every other day.  My frustration comes from the amount that actually is in the tube. It says there is 42.5 grams in the tube, I alway keep track of the amount in the tube and end up with about 24 grams out of the tube in the end. Has anyone else kept track of this?Also, I can 't afford it when I went yesterday to pick up a new tube and they wanted $290 for 1 tube?!! Why would it be this expensive? That was even after my insurance paid a portion.
I 've been taking this medication for about 4 months. The First month was fine it brought my blood pressure down to acceptable numbers. The side effects started gradually. I was really forgetful and would sometimes feel confused. Then the trembling in my legs started them spread to my arms went from trembling to twitching really fast then it spread to my face. During this time anxiety is slowly creeping in it was getting a little worse everyday until it was a constant feeling. Pressure in my head constantly and full blown panic attacks by month 4. I discussed this with my doctor and I stopped taking this medication 2 days ago and was prescribed something else. I can feel my anxiety subsiding. 
Applied the egg thing and the cream before bed and at 3am I woke up with my lady bits on FIRE!! I did what many others did and ran to the Internet and found a lot of others had this issue, so I popped some ibuprofen and read some more of the reviews until I got to ignoring the pain and drifted off. It 's almost midday now and it 's not painful any more and I do believe it worked! The topical cream did make things worse this morning so I might avoid that for a while and see if I really do need it coz I think that caused a lot of the problem...So in summary- it works as a quick fix, but you should be pretty darn desperate to put yourself through the fires of hell for a one night treatment!!
I had the Mirena put in 9/4/13. It is 11/5/13 &amp; I have not had 1 single day w/out bleeding!! This is so effective at birth control because you cant possibly have sex with all the bleeding it causes!! i am 38, of average weight and had it inserted for birth control, not to treat any other symptom. For me, getting it inserted was mildly uncomfortable, was over quickly. I was able to go running that same day...so I wasnt uncomfortable at all. I did take 800mg of ibuprofen before the appointment. The first 2 weeks I broke out with really nasty acne along my jawline. I think my hair has thinned. I have also experienced Migraine w/aura :-(  My Mirena has until Jan., if this hasnt fixed itself, its coming out.
While it was effective, I hated the side effects and am discontinuing after less than one month. It made me feel hungry and I started to break out. I was having sleep issues and bleeding in between periods. I 'm currently on my cycle and I 'm miserable. My period has been heavy for four days and I have cramps. This is unusual for me. Not worth it!
I have been on sertraline for 4 weeks and a day, my dr started me on 50mg, then after 3 weeks and 3 days she upped my dosage to 100mg, I have felt the side effects so I know this medication is doing something, however, I don 't feel any better for taking it, I thought by now it would kick in..
I am on the 3rd sheet of pills so about 3 months in... before taking i weighed 120 now I am 130... feel depressed, just this week started to get brown discharge and thick red blood clots, try to take the pill everyday with my coffee but I was an hour off a few times, my boobs grew from C to double DD I don 't mind but I do feel bloated and have had a couple angry depressed days..not sure its worth these symptoms but before I had such bad cramps n migraines was in bed every month for 2 days at least. Plus I thought only being 29 having early menopause with hot flashes n migraines this would help me... not sure yet. Staying on for another week or soo see what happens and the weight gain for me is the worst I don 't fit in my pants, plus need new bras.
3 stars because it induced a BM. I had been constipated for a couple weeks, not no BMs but few and incomplete with bloating and discomfort. From reading the literature I thought this might work, after several hours. But, wham! one hour after taking (on an empty stomach to decrease systemic uptake) I had a large BM. Great, but then I got severe intestinal cramps. Thought I was going to perforate something. After a couple hours then watery explosive diarrhea the rest of the day. OK, it cleaned me out, but at the expense of great pain and inconvenience.  I 'll go back to Senna &amp; Miralax. Perhaps my opioid intake is too high for this? It was tested on people taking morphine equivalents between 30 and 100 mg/day. I take more than that.
After one pill I felt depressed and could not sleep that night.  I decided to stop taking the medication and will have it replaced with good old Amoxicilin.
I received my insert in November of 2015. My period stopped for the rest of November and December.  I didn 't have any side effects.Then comes January of 2016. Must be the new year. I don 't know. But after January 1st struck...everything went downhill.  I started spotting constantly. I started getting acne around my chin. One zit goes away, 3 more appear. I started getting dizzy every time I went into the store. To the point where I stopped wanting to go to stores. I started feeling bloated and gross all the time. Gained 10 pounds which has taken 5 months to loose 6 of. And I 'm talking about running 3 miles 5 days a week.After spotting literally for almost 1/2 a year, I decided it 's time to throw in the towel and get it removed :(
I 've been on it for 4 days. No weight loss yet but it does decrease  appetite with very little  nausea. The needle is painless. I 'll keep you posted :)
Abreva was a god-send. I  to apply at the first tingle and cold sore would not even develop .  Fast forward a couple of years , (about 1-2 sores tried to come out per year but I was successful in full stop) Abreva no longer works. It even appears to spread the blisters? I no longer feel the numbing sensation that I used to from the abreva cream. I 'm so disappointed ! I feel like I may have become immune to the cream or else the formula has changed.
I had my Nexplanon inserted July 2016 after an accidental pregnancy and subsequent abortion. At first, the implant seemed like a dream. My period disappeared for the first three months. I did notice that my appetite was near nonexistent, which is not ideal for an active person. I went from working out 6 days a week to barely feeling good enough for the quick bike ride to work. As the months went on, my period got crazy - 14 day cycles - until this past month 's 11 day period. Over the course of the last 8 months, I 've forgotten who I am; my depression and anxiety have been surfacing much more frequently and I 've gained 10 pounds. I got the implant out 2/21, and now I have the worst nausea of my life. I just want to feel like myself again.
Used this for a few months as recommended to prevent my frequent and painful migraines that I 've had since I was 12. Depakote was okay I guess. I still had two major migraines while on it, and didn 't give it any extra time because the side effects are awful! I wanted to sleep constantly. Felt depressed and irritable, and hated life! Plus, the weight gain alone I experienced in a couple months was absolutely enough reason for me to not want to be on it anymore.... I gained about 15-20 lbs!
I 've started experiencing insomnia quite severely lately. I think my plate is just too full and I 'm too busy that my brain hasn 't been shutting off at night and I lay there feeling relaxed but not actually relaxed. Anyway, my doc prescribed temazepam to replace Ambien (which I was on for years) since I would lay away for 6 or 7 hrs and only get an hour or two of sleep. I really felt this medicine &quot;turn off&quot; my brain. The first night or two I fell asleep right away but since then it 's been really hit or miss. I feel so calm and not thinking about anything but yet I 'm wide awake until 2 or 3 am (I get up at 5 am). I 've been on it for about a month now and still having trouble falling asleep. Out of the 5 nights this week, I had 3 sleepless nights.
I liked this medication when I first got it but after awhile I started to get migraines, dizziness, hot flashes, weight gain, heavy bleeding and severe depression.
I typically use a generic version of this product, but for some reason THIS time around I insisted that my hubby get the Monistat brand. To prove that it was Monistat, I 'll say this. I actually had some leftover generic cream and used it without burning. The next night, I used the Monistat and it felt like I put tabasco sauce in my privates. I thought that maybe this was due to the fact that I had a yeast infection and maybe my sensitive parts were just responding to the medicine. Nope! The burning was so bad I couldn 't go to sleep the first night and the second night was even WORSE! I ended up taking a warm soda bath and it 's feeling a bit better, but still hurting. Never again!
Been taking anastrozole for approximately two and one half years.  First year hot flashes but no other problems.  Started the joint pain about a year ago, tiredness, swelling and problems listed by other users.  Most worrisome side affect is the loss of lung function.  I have had Pulmonary Fibrosis for several years but until about a year ago have been able to live with the condition with no major problems.  Told several doctors about my problems with breathing but none have suggested it was anastrozole until my Pharm D told me pulmomary odema was also a side effect of the drug.  Left a message with my oncologist this morning that I was going to stop taking the drug.  Have an appointment with my pulmonologist next week for an evaluation.
Took it for 3 months 2.5 mg and did not help the anxiety, it made it worse. I am tapering down.
I took fluoxetine all through my adolescence and it did nothing for my depression. We kept increasing the dosage to the maximum safe limit but nothing changed. However, the symptoms did not get worse and the only adverse side effects were gastric reflux and nausea immediately after taking it.
Hair loss and thinning good readings with this drug but not come off it due to hair loss. I did urinate a lot and it did smell very sweet.
When I am not on some kind of medication I feel crazy, angry, and tons of anxiety, and always for no reason! I took Celexa for about 4 months and people noticed a huge difference in me. I stopped for 2 weeks and had felt crazy again. I went back on it and it just didn 't seem to help anymore.
Depression was much better but the side effects were too bad to risk. Blood pressure increased, felt hot all of time and nausea that would not subside. But for once I did feel like my depression was much better. Back to Celexa now
Took this at night while waiting on an Allegra order. It was not terribly effective on my indoor/outdoor allergies. I felt marginally less wheezy at night, but my nose was stuffed and eyes itchy the next morning.On top of that, it makes me sluggish and stupid for a solid 24 hours. Forget drinking on this pill; the alcohol will go straight to your head. Granted, the label says all of this, but these itty-bitty pills aren 't effective enough to be worth it.
I was on Nexplanon for about 20 months, two months after having a baby. I 've given it a rating of  '3 ' simply because I did not fall pregnant. I did not have periods but the BC often made me feel pregnant, leading to me testing several times. Other side effects included: unable to lose pregnancy weight, despite breastfeeding and regular exercise. Breast cysts (which I cannot confirm was a result of Nexplanon, but the BC does increase the likelihood). Headaches for the first five months (as in, I had a headache for three out of every ten days). Low and bad moods - I had a well of anger that I could just reach into. Anxiety. Brain fog. Fatigue. In short, I really lost myself. I 've been off for a month now, and feel like the old me again.
I 'm 18 years old and I started this birth control 3 months ago. I went on birth control specifically for my acne and my irregular periods. This birth control did the exact opposite of helping my acne. In the beginning I broke out extremely on my forehead and hair line. They aren 't even pimples just huge bumps and you can 't do anything about. It is my 3rd month taking it and I 'm still breaking out. I absolutely do not recommend this birth control for the use of acne. However, this did make my period very consistent, extremely light, and barely any cramps
I get migraines with and without pain. But usually have blurred vision and nausea.  I believe its food related. I 've kept a log of food intake, activities, allergies. It comes down to flour, msg, gluten.
This is an exceptional drug for pain relief but the side effects far outweigh the pain relieving benefits. I took Ultram ER,300 MG for 3 months for low back pain and like I said it was a savior for my pain. However, I started to have some strange dreams with muscle spasms, constipation and extreme fatigue. I stopped the drug about 10 days ago and have finally started to feel better. I am 73 years old and in good health, except for the back pain.
I was on tri-sprintec for years with no real problems. I had consistent break through bleeding for a few months in a row and had to switch to something monophasic. I didn 't realize until after the switch how bloated and constipated tri-sprintec made me. I thought I had IBS or something, but no, it was the bcp
Tried this after a motorcycle accident gave me some issues.  Didn 't really do anything.  I 've used viagra/cialis in the past just for fun, and both of those gave results.  With this one, couldn 't tell you I even took anything.
I started taking Ortho Tri-Cyclen Lo almost a year ago and all it has done is make me crazy. The first couple of months I felt nauseous and lightheaded. It didn 't help with my period if possible it made it worse. My mood went up and down all the time. I felt anxious and worried all the time and it made me feel crazy. I recently changed it and I regret not changing it sooner. 
Testim never really got my level up.  It was a pain to put on and took forever to dry.I was asked over and over by people what cologne I had on.  It became awkward trying to think up something other than having to explain it was testosterone gel...After years of messing with this the doctor recently switched me to Aveed...Too early to determine if this works as hoped but so far it seems less hassle that a gel
Post root canal.  Taken orally 10mg tabs.  Minor relief of pain but severe stomach cramps.  Stopped taking them and took advil liquid gels/ extra strength tylemol combo which proved way more effective.  Took another Toradol a few days later with same results.  Stomach cramps and minor pain relief.
I was on this for a few months. I couldn 't function at all. Although I did lose weight. I 'm trying risperidone now. I really hope it works for me. All I want is to be mentally sound...bi-polar/panic anxiety disorder.
I was taking 450mg of Lyrica a day and it was a great medicine to help with my fibromyalgia. I took it along with Tramadol. After a few months of taking it I would wake up in the morning feeling as if a train had hit me. I also gained 40lbs on Lyrica. I recently switched to Neurontin and it works great. Also, coming off Lyrica gave me horrible withdrawals for almost 2 weeks. I have been off of it for about 17 days and have lost 8lbs. Lyrica is a great medicine if you don 't mind gaining weight.
I started this birth control at 145lbs 5 '3 so I was already a little heavy but I was working out and eating healthy to keep losing weight. The first shot seemed fine. By the second shot, I gained 5lbs which I thought was odd but the doctor said it was normal. I then started becoming very depressed and spent most of my days sleeping or in bed. I gained another 10 lbs. when it was time for the third shot. The 3rd shot made me gain 25 more lbs where I was at 185. I always ate relatively healthy and went to the gym. And I decided to not take the 4th shot. And it 's been about a month past when I was supposed to take the 4th shot and I 'm finally starting to lose weight. I 'm at 175 now and still have a long way to go.
I was prescribed temazepam to replace my previous sleeper, I don 't use anything very often. Sometimes I have a period where I don 't sleep so well, I tried 10mg the first night with zero effect then the following night doubled to 20mg also zero noticeable effect. I 'm yet to try 30mg but I believe it may only be affective on some people.
I started this drug to help with the bumps under my skin.I would like to say it 's acne but reality is the Dr. and I really had no idea. He put me on Doxy to help fight the infection. Firstly, the instructions on these meds are very unclear... it says to not take it with milk and on an empty stomach... so I did that and puked on the bus which was VERY uncomfortable and gross. So the next day I took it with food, and guess what? 15 minutes later I was puking in the bathroom at work. Next day I took it with toast and I had a painful stomach ache all day. I just can 't seem to win on these meds. I went 5 days with puking every morning at work. Acne wise, my face has cleared up.. but I 'm unsure if it 's because of the meds or the cream.
Took Zoloft for ~5 months. No side effects except sexual dysfunction. I didn 't feel much better or happier and it made me feel really drowsy.
I got my IUD in on 9/30/17 it was the worst pain I&rsquo;ve ever felt. However, I am 18 with no kids. After my doctor inserted it I cramped for for maybe 5 minutes while they took the nexplanon bar out if my arm. No cramps there but maybe because I was focusing on a bar being cut out of my arm!! Overall I&rsquo;ve been super crampy for the past few days. Ibuprofen doesn&rsquo;t seem to help much either. I get super severe pain when trying to go #2. I&rsquo;ve also been eating like crazy... I hope it gets better because I really didn&rsquo;t like the nexplanon bar and don&rsquo;t want pills or shots.
Good for Hay fever symptoms but caused insomnia.
My son is 6 years old and was diagnosed with ADHD, ODD, Aspergers syndrome, and possible bipolar disorder. We have tried so many medications, Ritalin, Adderall, Focalin XR, Risperadal, Seroquel, and regular Clonidine. He is now taking 300 mg of Trazadone which doesn 't help, 15 mg of Abilify, and Kapvay. I 've spaced the three medications out but he still wakes up at 9 am and goes to bed at 3 am. I am at a loss right now because the psychiatrist says he 's limited as to what he can put him on but the Trazadone I swear seems to wire him up. He 's wide awake as I am writing this post. The Kapvay does make him cranky and irritable during the afternoon, any advice please.
Have not tried yet.
Worked to begin with and then after a while stopped working
This is my 2nd time taking birth control. I am on my 2nd pack with this particular one and near the end of the 2nd week. Maybe 4-5 days after my period ends, I get another period or &quot;breakthrough bleeding&quot; I 'm not happy with this at all because this will probably go on until I finish the pack. So technically I bleed for about 2-3 weeks. This is not cool. I will give this one more month to see if my body will adjust. If this situation doesn 't get better then I 'm going to discontinue use of this product.
I get yeast infections about every other month. This year I have had at least 7 prescriptions. Doesn 't seem to work. I am diabetic. The itching is vicious even after day 3 of pill. No side effects from med though
Struggling with insomnia caused by severe MDD, this stuff puts you in sleep like no other. BUT, I  gained 30Ibs!!!It made me even more depressed.I f you have the same problem, I suggest you to talk to your doctor .Hope this helped!
To make this review easy I 'll share a list of the Pros and Cons that I have experienced on the NuvaRing while being on it for 5 years.Pros: very light periods with minimal cramping (although I am lucky enough that my periods beforehand were already pretty light but my cramps were horrible), super easy to use, can skip your period if you want to, insurance covered it, you barely know it 's in there, can take it out for up to 3 hours while having sex.Cons: ZERO sex drive, moodiness, constant bloating, constant tiredness, cravings, weight gain, my vagina has actual become swollen after sex, sometimes painful sex.Everyone is different but the cons are outweighing the pros for me at this point so I am looking for a different option immediately
I went about 4 days with absolutely no bowel movement at all So I took 2 Dulcolax at around 10 am. I came on here and read the reviews and freaked out. I started chugging water so From 10 am-10pm I had consumed ten 20oz bottles of water along with light food and experienced no cramping. The pills did not start working for me until exactly 24 hours after I took the pill. My family and I were leaving for a 10 hour drive (bad idea) and right when we pulled out of the driveway (945 am) I started having some cramps. We ended up having to stop many times and I was having extremely watery, burning diarrhea. I continued to drink water which helped but had no nausea, etc. It has now been 3 days since having the diarrhea and I am constipated again.
I had Nexplanon for 4.5 years. My first one was GREAT! Aside from hurting when they put it in, and skin sensitivity at the insertion point for about a month, it was great birth control. It 's more effective than tubal ligation. And you don 't have to remember to take any pills. You can 't get baby fever and decide to stop taking birth control. It 's temporarily permanent.I had the first implant removed at 3 years, and had my 2nd one inserted. It was placed deeper in my arm than the first one. No skin sensitivity, but from insertion, I had SO many side effects with the second one. Weight gain, periods that would last 10+ days every 4-6 weeks. Random brown spotting. Mood swings. Hormonal acne. Got it removed. Hallelujah!
I 'm not really sure how I feel about this pill yet. I started it two Thursdays ago (the first day of my period) and my period immediately went away. Last Thursday I got my period again this time full on with cramps and everything. So far today is day 3 so I 'll wait 2 more days before calling the gynie. I haven 't had any mood swings or depression but I 'm on this to NOT have a period and so far it 's not doing what I really wanted it to do
Woke up due to severe vertigo. Diagnosis of Otitis Media (at 43? Haven 't had an ear infection since I was 13). Doctor prescribed a Z-Pak (Azithromycin 500mg Day 1, 250mg days 2-5). The vertigo decreased by Day 3, but never completely subsided.2nd morning after finishing the Z-pak, the vertigo was back in full force, and my ear started to ache. Azithromycin didn 't kill the infection.
The pill did what it was supposed to. It made my periods tolerable. However, On the fourth pack I started noticing shortness of breath, elevated blood pressure and chest pain.  I had all the tests done and after determining It wasn 't a heart attack or blood clot, I went off of the birth control and a day later those symptoms went away.
I 'm 22 years old and I got the skyla inserted on Aug12th. The insertion part didn;t hurt at ALL!! I had bleeding a day or 2 and then nothing still cramped but not bad. My boyfriend and I tried to have sex at day 3 but he was getting stabbed pretty hard. We kept trying on from there and he was still getting stabbed, I told my doctors but all they said was just wait the string probably haven 't softened so we tried once a week sadly still nothing. We were finally able to have sex beginning of Sept. Then I started bleeding after. I went to get my IUD checked out because I could feel it and the docs Couldn 't find it. Had ultrasound it was fine. Now we are still unable to have sex again..
I took Macrobid for two days.  By day three I was nauseous, dizzy and had diarrhea.  I felt weak and dizzy and almost passes out.  My Doctor told me to stop the medication.  It turned out that my culture was normal and I didn 't need antibiotics!  I am now without the meds and I feel like I have a virus!
I was scheduled to take 8 infusions of this drug. After 3rd transfusion 10/9/15 I 'm not sure this is for me... I 'm sick to my stomach, nausea doesn 't even justify it. I 'm extremely dizzy, even more so than being extremely anemic to begin with. What gets me the most is that I expected to have my level of energy upped up a bit. Meanwhile, I 'm extremely tired and spend my weekends in bed. To make the data comparable, I 'm a 40 yo female with a full time job and a young family to take care of. It 's difficult and I 'll be talking to my md today
I have had depression for about 13 years know or I guess it started out as anxiety. I have been on every medication you can name. Most had side effects and had to be switched but nothing serious. I was on Celexa for about ten years and then about three years ago it just stopped working. That is when I was diagnosed with major depression. I don 't have a marriage anymore after twenty-two years, lost my job after nine years, can hardly get out of bed most days. I 'm not living living, I 'm serviving. My doctor put my on Fetzima and after not seeing any improvement at 40mg he moved me up to 80mg. I started not being able to urinate without forcing it out and had to go every two hours. I have never had bladder problems before. I got off the pills
I was prescribed 300mg trimethoprim for 7 days to treat a possible uti, (which compared to others seems high, though I have had abdominal pain meaning it may be in my kidneys, I didn 't have the classic symptoms of uti so I went months and months untreated). Took the first pill yesterday and immediately felt nauseous, took about 4 hours to start feeling better, my tongue also swelled up and I had difficulty breathing for the first 2 hours, drooled a bit, I felt my words weren 't especially coherant.. almost went to the hospital but I didn 't feel it was warranted enough to at the time, I felt somewhat dizzy and just mentally slow, almost confused. Today feeling body aches all over.  Plus side my abdominal pain/ constant need to pee has gone..
Loved it at first. Regular light periods 3-4 days no weight gain no cramping, and I could skip my period it was like heaven in the form of a tiny pill. Then unexpectedly after all these years of being on it at the age of 24 I woke up with extreme pain in my right arm inner elbow area I couldn 't bend my are all the way or extend it completely without having pain. I thought maybe I pulled a muscle or something but after a week of pain and discomfort I went to the emergency room where I was diagnosed with a deep vien thrombosis (blood clot) I had to be ambulanced to another hospital and spent 5 days on the surgical floor because they thought they would have to remove it. Thousands of $ 's in hospital bills that I struggled to pay at 24
There 's no question that Moviprep is effective in cleansing the bowel, my colonoscopy was very clear and the bowel well prepared. The moviprep certainly acted fast as it did not take long before I was running for the toilet.However, I found it incredibly hard to drink all two litres in 4 hours, realistically it took me 11 hours starting at 1pm. The flavour was disgusting, by far the worst thing I have ever tasted in my life. I found it hard to swallow and hard to build myself up to taking another drink.Highly recommend moviprep look at how this could be bound inside a jello that would allow it to be consumed and this hiding the tastes!!
Was given the starter pack from the Doctor, took three days worth was nauseous/diarrhea every day, then I got the flu couldn 't keep anything down, so I quit taking it.  Started back on 40mg (Doctors choice) and had nausea/diarrhea again.   I only took it a few days because my stomach was cramping all the time and I was constantly in the bathroom.  Back to the Doctor on Friday, he is just going to have to give me something else.
I have tried lexapro, Zoloft, calexa, and brintellix. My body does not tolerate meds well. Lexapro was so intense that I took it for only two days and suffered almost every possible side effect. Zoloft caused nausea, weight loss, &amp; I was still having panic attacks. Calexa was good, but I had increased migraines. Now I am trying brintellix, but my anxiety is back. I am crying without a direct reason. I am extremely tired. I also have an upset stomach. I suppose I will have to decide which side effects I can tolerate and just &quot;live&quot; with the nuisance. At this point, I don 't want to cry every day. I want to have energy and enjoy life again.
Ok so I 'm on here to post on a post I did on February 23 sooooo my first review after a month on pill was good. I can 't say it is now :( on my second pack and calling Dr tomorrow to change it.... I started bleeding 2 weeks before my period and I 'm also getting acne something I never ever had..... I also get very sensitive and cry for any little thing I 'm definitely getting off this  pill the reason the Dr put me on it was to control my heavy cycle and now I 'm bleeding in between.
So far, my 2nd day taking 80mg . My ears and scalp are so itchy!
This drug worked well with my shingles...thats about it! they want me to keep taking it for pain and it does nothing for me! gotta see doc on Thursday so hopefully he changes that. 900mg a day and does nothing? I hate taking meds as it is if its not gonna help with pain y take it?
I 've been taking Synthroid for 4 yrs, since then my blood pressure has gone up (120/75 before, now 140/85 or higher) and cholesterol has skyrocketed as well (before was below, now 6.6)
People are talking about not feeling hungry, well I am starving! Especially, in the early morning and night. I started the medication April 4th, and I have lost no weight. I ended up in the emergency room with a blood pressure of 162/108 and my pulse was over 100 resting! I 've never had BP problems before. Also, my anxiety has gotten really bad. I feel like I 'm always in a dream, I 'm tired all of the time, and sometimes forget where I am and what I am doing. I am currently in week 3, I take 2 pills in the morning and 1 in the evening. The positive side Is that it did help me quit smoking. I had no desire whatsoever to smoke! After reading other reviews and seeing other people having these same side effects I won 't be taking the medicine.
I suffer from depression and also have Type 1 diabetes. I wanted to try this medication and quickly noticed a difference in mild pain in my legs. I take good care of my my diabetes, have had it for 25 years and have been in a nationwide study for 24 years.As for depression, the Cymbalta seems to do nothing for me. I started on 60mgs, then increased to 90 and then 120mgs with no improvement ever since taking it. I 'd like to stay on a lower dosage of it for my mild leg pain but, desperately need something for the depression.
I started taking Contrave for weightloss after the tremendous success of a family member. I 'm 56 y.o. Woman 5 '5&quot;. 180lbs. I bike 3x/wk and eat a healthy diet. Desserts are my downfall. The first week on Contrave was great. No side effects, 3 lb weight loss. Week 2 no noticeable weight loss. Week 3 lethargy, slight nausea and headaches, dry mouth, thrust.  Kept 3 pill/ a day for a couple of weeks. I decided to power through the side effects because people reported getting over them. 4 pills a day caused debilitating nausea, extreme lethargy, complete lack of appetite and migraines. Cut back to 3 pill/ day, but was still sick. Finally went to Doc and gave up completely.  Disappointed but just not for me.
With Lyrica although some of the Fibromyalgia pain was reduced, I found myself with increased depression and water weight gain which only made the Fibromyalgia worse. Discontinued after 60 days and nearly 20lbs. Depression lightened, however the weight has been hard to lose having so much pain from the Fibro.  Baclofen has been one medicine that has &quot;helped&quot; with minimal side effects. Please come up with something without the side effects!
I 've been on Apri for 3 months, my periods are regular but I get horrible cramps, backaches and bloating. My weight stayed the same and my acne cleared up though.
I have had Skyla for about two months now. I have had spotting everyday, some light days and then experience some heavy days. It is really uncomfortable being on my period for two months now because I can 't wear any of my cute undies and have to stay in these dreadful undies so my nice ones won 't get ruined! As of right now, I hate my IUD. I wish I would have gotten the pill but I know I wouldn 't remember taking it everyday. I hope in this next month the spotting and mild cramping goes away! Definitely going to call my doc and ask if it 's normal to have your period for almost 2 months. Hope this helps some of you!!
When I take this medicine it makes my stomach feel worse. I don 't know if it 's just me or the medicine.
Pros:  Worked great as a birth control &amp; light periodsCons:  Completely killed my libido, I 've always had migraines but I got them much more frequently with this pill, I gained weight, &amp; made me moody.I 've been on this pill for 9 months.  I was hoping things would get better but they are not so I am discontinuing use.
I took 2 of this ducolax pill on a Thursday night before I go to bed, that night was fine until the next morning around 5am my smach started to hurt a little but I did not really care and continue sleeping. Then I woke up at 7 with still a little stomach Pain and went straight to toilet and it was all watery. I thought it ended until I went to work and the whole day I didn 't feel well and  keep going to toilet with nothing coming out. Then until at night after dinner, cramping started and I went straight to toilet and same thing, watery... Then after that keep wanting to vomit, not recommending to take this.
If you 're currently taking Loestrin and experiencing mood swings/depression, etc., don 't think your moodiness will eventually dissipate over time.  I 've always been a fairly upbeat, positive, rational person. Since taking Loestrin (I 'm into my fourth pack = four months), my mood swings have continued to get worse. I cry or tear up at the most random things, for no reason at all. I am anxious and my moods are unpredictable. On a positive note, Loestrin has reduced my period to 1-2 days a month with VERY light bleeding.
Severe jumpy left legItching I left lower leg and foot
I 'm on week 2 almost week three. My face didn 't dry up like my doctor said it would. But I did however get easily sunburnt and I have THE worst break out I think I 've ever had since starting on it. I want to hide my face in a brown paper bag. My chin is literally swollen from the amount of breakouts this stupid cream has given me. I 'm not impressed one bit.
I am not happy with reclipsen. I have gained a ton of weight in the last 3 months I have been on it, I get super nauseous in the mornings, and I have one extremely bad migraine on the last day of the pills. I changed to reclipsen because my other BC was giving me headaches. Now I 'm fat and have zero sex drive. I am going to stop reclipsen asap.
I 'm on my second pack of Sprintec. My first pack I was on my period for the whole thing. But it stopped the day I started the second pack. I 've noticed I feel nauseous a lot. My breasts are severely tender too. My sex drive has increased a lot. But I am dry a lot for some reason. I will probably end up switching for the better.
Never taken &quot;psychedelic&quot; meds before. Diagnosed with depression in 2001 and felt I could &quot;deal with it&quot; without meds.Got to a stage where I was so down, total apathy, I had to do something. I 've been on sertraline for 7 days.Dizzy spells, still down but not quite as bad. Tired ALL the time, but was before taking.I do hope this stuff helps long term
I was warned about spotting before getting this. But I thought spotting meant a little bleeding here and there. After 3 months my periods are heavier than they were before and now I haven 't stopped bleeding for over 3 weeks! I have breakouts more than normal and slight weight gain. I would deal with those side effects though but the bleeding is out of control! I 'm calling my doctor in the morning to get this thing out!
The drug did well for me to decrease anxiety and increase my appetite.  I had lost a  lot of weight because the anxiety kept me from eating.  However, I got terrible leg muscle spasms at night and was unable to sleep at all some nights and only partial nights on the nights I did sleep.  Lack of sleep created its own problems.  When I went off it for a day the muscle spasms decreased but the anxiety returned.
I cannot stand this implant. At first I was happy I got it, I didn 't get my period for a month after I got on I was fine. Then the cycles came. For the last month and a half I have been on and off every other week. It finally stopped. I am SO irritable and I get pissed off so much easier than I used to. I gained 10 pounds since I 've gotten it. Supposedly it was only a 1-3 pound gain so I was okay with putting on the extra weight if I wasn 't going to get pregnant of course. Don 't get this.
This generic has to be the worst.
My experience with Skyla has been rough. For the record, I 've never had kids and am fairly petite.The insertion process was, as most people have said, fairly painful. Maybe a 7 on a scale of 1 to 10. I took ibuprofen before the insertion, but my OBGyn accidentally clipped my cervix, which led to some bleeding. The cramps after the insertion got increasingly bad. I 've had ulcers, and I can say these cramps were the worst pain I have ever been in. These cramps have continued almost every day for the past 6 weeks, and have severely impacted my life. My last period lasted 12 days with heavy  and it 's starting again 15 days later with terrible cramping. If you have another option (which I don 't), I would not recommend this insertion.
I 've been on Linzess for 1 month 290 mg. I 've tried almost every medicine you could think of. I 've had Irritable Bowel Syndrome since my 20s. Linzess helps with the bloating but am still having problems using the bathroom on a regular basis. Other than that I 've had no adverse side effects.
This patch made me throw up three times the first night I put it on, my boobs are getting bigger and more sensitive, and this patch makes me feel tired all the time 
its been almost a year using Yaz and ever since i started it changed my cycle completely, the color of my period change to a dark brown color, my flow even changed. Cramping did not stop but infact made it worse. so a month back i wanted to skip my period so i did not take the white pills, after having skipped them  started spotting, a week later i got my period which lasted for longerthan usual for approximately two weeks. i then consulted my doctor who gave me pills to stop the flow but it still persisted even today im still spotting. im confused and very worried as i dont know what to do. if i stop taking Yaz i know that the bleeding will continue so question is how do i make it stop.
After a full day of liquid diet drank the first bottle at 6pm. I was able to get it down with a straw no problem.  Drank a cup of chicken broth 15 minutes later to get rid of after taste. An hour later threw up everything and had to cancel the procedure after I called the doctor.  Whatever is left in my system did empty my bowels though.
Been taking the drug for 2 weeks. The dosage is 70.  I have adult ADHD. The side effects I am experiencing are a slight head ache during sleep and I am experiencing insomnia.  Probably need to check my blood pressure more often.  I am not all that happy with current results.
Suboxone nearly killed me. The first time it was ever prescribed to me, I placed one film under my tongue and within 3 minutes, I started getting a headache, feeling dizzy and then I started having difficulty breathing. I allowed the film to dissolve and placed the second film under my tongue, the symptoms described above seemed to get worse and I started noticing hives forming on my neck. Before I knew it, I was covered with hives and could not breathe, my partner gave me liquid Benadryl and rushed me to the doctor. I had to receive steroids and other medications and carried the hives for a few days. I am highly allergic to the Naloxone AND artificial sweeteners in the Suboxone and it 's alternatives. Be careful with this medication!
I 've noticed a slight decrease in my cough, but I 've gotten these twice and they haven 't done much either time.
I was prescribed it for my Borderline Personality Disorser and I find it definitely addictive in a way of sleep!I have become dependent on it due to its sedative values (which really does help if u struggle with insomnia, major anxiety at night and racing thoughts when alone)however I don 't feel it has calmed or helped any other aspects of the disorder it just allows me to sleep.there is no magic pill but this I feel normally would work better along side therapy and perhaps other meds for different aspects.as a lone medication I haven 't found it overly productive other than I already specified.
I had been on Kariva for 4 years. I had noticed that if I miss more than one pill in a given week I will have some spotting. One time I missed one pill but remembered the next day and had continued to take them as normal but had a week of not normal bleeding. Also very bad migraines. Did keep my periods quite light and regular though.
I was prescribed 500mg for 10 days for acute bronchitis, sinus infection as well as a very painful ear infection.  After the first dose, I did feel a bit better.  The second dose marked a big difference in how I was feeling overall.  I was also prescribed a very expensive inhaler of Albuterol.  (Rarely use)The third day was when I noticed that the side effects were now more of a problem than my illness. Metallic taste in my mouth, severe dry mouth, leg cramps, NO sleep, rise in BP and HR. dizziness, and ringing in my ears, agitation.  I am on day 5 and do not want to finish the prescription but was warned, &quot;take it completely..even after you begin to feel better.&quot;The only positive off chart effect is my skin is glowing!
This pill took very little of the pain away. 
I 've had my Mirena almost 4 years. I love it but have gained a lot of weight! I 'm bloated all the time! But I haven 't had a period in 4 years so it works for that.
Had an allergic reaction - facial swelling, lips and nose.
As a chronic constipation sufferer, I tried Dulcolax when I was out of M.O.M. and Miralax.  Within 1 hour of taking 2 pills, my stomach (not intestinal ) was in extreme discomfort and the worst nausea I have ever experienced. You know, the kind that makes you not want to open your eyes, not speak to anyone, but suffer on the verge of spewing, all the while experiencing sweating and waves of agony. Eventually, after several hours, it did produce diarrhea.  This is something I would not wish upon my worst enemy. Needless to say, I will NEVER take this horrible medicine again!
I switched to this to try to eliminate/reducing spotting from my previous birth control brand. Instead, I have had bleeding every single day. Not to mention the horrible bloating and uncontrollable appetite. Not worth it.
I was on Lexapro for about 5 weeks, did notice some moderate signs of lifting out of depression, but the side effects forced me, with the doctor 's urging, to go off it.  Got both serious insomnia and serious drowsiness during the day and inability to get orgasms.
Potentially VERY dangerous--weigh your options carefully before taking this medication. Levaquin (levofloxacin) has two Black Box warnings for a reason. It was prescribed to me when a severe bout of diverticulitis sent me to the ER. Extremely disagreeable side effects included shortness of breath, blurred vision, mental fog, tiredness, and irritability. I did get over the infection, but a few months later I had another one and Levaquin didn 't seem to help at all (although the unpleasant side effects continued). Tramadol, a mild painkiller that I was prescribed at the ER, seemed to help more than anything.I repeat: this is not hyperbole. THIS MEDICATION CAN KILL YOU. Be extremely careful and discuss possible side effects with your doctor.
This medicine didn 't make me gain weight or give me terrible mood swings, however, it gave me awful dryness &quot;down there.&quot; This started approximately two an a half months in, during the pack where things got regular and I got my period on schedule.  There was literally nothing at all being produced down there and sex was impossible. The times I tried, I ended up with abrasions and irritation for days afterward (even with lubricant), and became afraid to even do it, which defeats the purpose of birth control. The periods were very light and painless but it totally ruined my sex life.
I have taken this medication since it first hit the market and was really satisfied at first. Now many years later. Hair falling out. Diagnosed as Alopecia. Also muscle problems in chest cavity and extremities. I attribute this all to the medication and will ask it to be changed. 
Made me more irritable and had noticeable mood swings. Also had upset stomach during the whole month of taking this.
I tried this for a UTI, got sharp pains behind my ribs that come and go all the time. Stopped taking it after two or three days and my UTI came right back. Now on bactrim and have the WORST head aches all day long.
I began using this product a little over a month ago. At first it was working I had fewer zits but they were not all gone. Then out of nowhere I started breaking out like crazy again! Epiduo burns my skin and dries it. I tolerated those symptoms at first because the product worked but now it 's really no longer worth it. I 've tried Proactive and countless over the counter medication. Nothing seems to work for me.
I have tried a few pills before, and this one was the worst. I would sweat constantly during the day and even wake up sweating. The acne I got was pretty bad as well. I was taken off the medicine when I reported to my doctor horrible headaches and seeing auras, which is a really bad sign of serious problems to come. All bad side effects aside, I did not get pregnant while on Cryselle, however this pill was not right for me.
Causes NASTY wind and diarrhea. Couldn 't imagine what 4 a day would do to me. I 'm only taking 2 a day and already seeing progress. How could people handle fourth a day!?
I was prescribed Sprix for kidney stone pain. The first time I used it burned my nasal passage for about 3 minutes. Just when I thought the horror was over it started to run down the back of my throat and the burn and taste made me gag and nearly vomit. The pain I was experiencing from the kidney stone was pretty severe so the Sprix was not enough to relieve it. 
Used Viagra as an alternate after Cialis.  Cialis at first provided repeated strong erections in a 24 hour period after years of severe ED.  However after 3 to 4 uses the erections were too weak and too short lived to sustain intercourse, so I switched to Viagra.  At first results were good.  I had fewer erections but they were longer lasting than Cialis and quite firm.  However this only last 2 or 3 uses before the same symptoms appear as the Cialis, erections to weak and short lived for intercourse.  Also moderate to severe headache, stuffiness and fullness like a severe head cold.
Lots of itching all over the body sometimes severe
I took Loestrin for about 2 months total and it was a horrible experience. The first month was fine. The second month, things started to get worse. I was extremely nauseous and fatigued and didn 't feel like myself. I started having several stomach problems after starting the second month (gastritis, irritable bowel). I also developed ovarian cysts which I never had before. I developed a kidney stone as well, but that was a preexisting condition, maybe it was just coincidental? All of this happened within about 6 weeks, which made my life hell. I tried to make myself continue taking Loestrin and couldn 't do it. Apparently it just wasn 't for me. I know they say you should stick out the first couple of months, but it wasn 't worth it to me.
I suffer from chronic constipation and was told that it is now severe. My GI doctor gave me Linzess 145 mgs. It helped a little. Then he increased it to 290 mgs. For a week it was fine with the exception of very hard stools coming out. I have not as of yet experienced diarrhea from this medicine nor do I have to run to the bathroom. Now, it has become ineffective and I am making smaller stools with required straining. I am still severely constipated and my GI doctor does not want to give me a different medicine to take. I am nervous that there will be nothing to help me.
I am at the end of day 3 of the medication and I can 't do it anymore. The side effects are making life miserable, just in a different way than I started with. I went in because of the headache and congestion that would not respond to anything over the counter plus vertigo. The vertigo went away after the first day of meds but the headache is significantly worse. Additionally, my stomach hurts really bad and constantly feels like I have overeaten a mass amount all the time, whether I have eaten or not. I have also has some mild diarrhea. So not worth it for me!
Did nothing for my severe pain now unfortunately back to the hydros. Don 't like being slightly buzzed constantly but better than hurting. It works for mild pain only for me.
I have been taking this for 2 months and have not lost any weight. Haven 't had any side effects but it 's not helping with weight loss. Anyone else have this experience. Started out on 0.6mg and moved up to 1.2mg three weeks ago and still nothing. Only problem I have is extremely bad constipation
At first it was like a temporary quick fix. My hands would be dry, but when I got nervous I would feel the tingling sensation in my hands like they always do before they sweat, and they sweat. I put it on every night but it doesn 't seem to work, going to the doctors today to take pills instead.
I started metaprolol 12.5 mg for pvcs. The 25mg dropped my heart rate. I still have pvcs often. Do you think dose is too low.
Starting taking this bc after norethindrone was making me feel &quot;empty&quot; inside and I honestly did not like it. I 'm a healthy 28 year old who doesn 't smoke or drink and it caused me to constantly feel nauseous that 's the main reason I decided to switch to something else and even when I would take it at 10pm I was still nauseous all day, I started breaking out a lot but my skin would clear up completely once I would take the inactive pills, I was also extremely hungry all the time and once I would start the inactive pills I would have my usual apetite back again. PROS: my period was lighter. I gave the birth control 3 months just to see if the side effects would go away but they did not..had my doctor switch me to a lower dose bc.
Ok so I have two kids and decided to get the skyla. I had it for only 4 months and got it removed this week. I didn 't experience any pain at all. But the thing that I didn 't like was that I gained 15 lbs, started getting acne which I 've never had a problem with. Every time I would get intimate with my husband he could feel it. When I had it removed the doctor told me that it was really low and thats why he could feel it. Every body is different so you never know how you will react to it. Oh and another thing  before I was on skyla I would never experience cramps  when i was on my period and with this thing they were horrible.
I recently used this cream and my itching has gotten much worse; however, half the bumps have done away in the past 14 hours.
This medicine makes me slow in the head.  Hard to think straight. I can 't think straight with this drug.
I had been on reserpine (rauwolfia serpentina) for about 10 yrs.. It worked great for controlling BP and kept me in the 110/70 range. But in the last 2 yrs. I started having constant stomach pain which turned out to be a side effect and had to stop. Switched to lisinopril which caused a constant throat tickle, but worked. Switched to 50mg losartan a couple months ago and it didn 't control BP that well. It drifted up to the 154/85 range with some higher spikes if I had coffee. The losartan also gave me a persistent dry cough. Now on 80 mg valsartan twice a day and so far not too impressed. BP continues to be higher than desired. It 's effectiveness for my body is about the same as the losartan. May need to switch to a different class of meds
Started in May I 'm down 20 lbs ,but it 's July 20 and I feel like I 'm at a stand still and Its not curbing my appetite as well
So far so good on this medicine, I have tried just about every birth control pill out there, the only (and most annoying) side effects I have had so far are: breaking out really bad, there are waves of breakouts (mostly on my chin) that I have never had before, I am hoping that will subside. Also I have been more easily emotional about things, like if something is sad, I am more likely to cry about it than I would before. Hope this helps people out there wanting to try this, beware of any acne that may arise!
I just ended my second month on Yaz and won 't be starting a third. While I experienced less mood swings and PMS symptoms than I had on Jolessa, my acne continued and even got worse and I recently had a panic attack - something I have never ever experienced before. What made no sense was that I was dealing with an extremely small amount of stress, so I knew it wasn 't me. Overall while I was on it I felt more emotional than usual and a lot of fatigue. I can 't wait to return to normal after it 's out of my system. I gave it a 4 because I didn 't get pregnant.
Started this drug one week ago today.  5 mg a day.  Have had a headache ever since.  Blood pressure has been low most of the time except in the middle of the day for some reason, it can shoot up the 130 's and 140 's.  Early in the day and evening its in the 110 's or lower. I also take 25 mg of metoprolol (for years).  Headaches are getting worse so I  'm going to call my doctor tomorrow to see if I can try something else.
I at first thought this would be a good &quot;3 year plan&quot; however I have had my period now for 5 months, headaches, 0 sex drive, and weight gain. Doctor wanted me to wait a couple more months to see if it stops but my energy level has dropped significantly and is getting in the way with being able to please my boyfriend. I can 't say that wasn 't effective because I 'm not pregnant. I know several other girls that have no trouble with this birth control form. However I 'm thankful I get it removed in a week.
I Hate it so far. Been on it for less than a month. The irritability, stomach, gas, don 't feel much pain relief... I 'm hot, skin my face, ears, chest sometimes legs. Especially if I DON 'T take regular. I 'm more than a bit grumpy on this drug. I 'm more depressed and upset. Cry easier. I DO NOT like it but I promised doc is try it. 300mg 3x a day. I can 't hardly stand it at ALL but I promised. . I 'm on fire now too even after the dose. It 's awful but...I promised.
Well after trying Paxil (worked really well but bad sexual side effects) for a couple years, then celexa worked but not as well as Paxil still sexual side effects recently on Prozac worked for depression however sexual side effects made me just not want to even bother. Got a script for Wellbutrin Xl 150mg brand name as I asked for non generic out of pocket cost 11.27 with insurance. Will report back and see how I do. Day one tomorrow. I put a rating of 5 just because of the unknown. Will rate when in full swing.
My son was put on this medication that the age of 8. The first day he was focused however he kept licking his lips and would just stare  when being spoken too . I took him Off the medication . It 's not for us.
Been on Lexapro 10mg for about 10 weeks and I still haven 't felt any better. Really sad and frustrated.
Took this for a year with no problems or side effects. It was amazing. I stopped taking any form of birth control for about two years. I took this again for a year and that 's where all the problems came from. I started breaking out more and more each month. I had a rash along my hairline, my jawline, my back, my cheeks. It was terrible. It clears up a little during the &quot;fake&quot; pills week, but it 's the worst acne I 've ever had. I stopped taking it for 2 months and my face cleared up, so I knew it was the pill. I 'm looking to switch to something new asap.
I have just recently changed from Metformin to Janumet 50mg /500mg one tablet twice daily with food and have suffered from headaches nausea and some dizziness. I have seen two Dr 's one advised to stay on metformin as its has maintained good results for many years and Janumet is still a more recent medicine in AUstralia. The other Dr advised that Janument will control my levels a lot better and decrease the situation of gaining weight even though in the early stage have some side effects. I intend to continue with Janumet for another month hoping for improvement, aged 70.
Did not work for me.
I was on this pill for 4 months. The pros: periods were light and predictable. The cons: nausea and hair loss/thinning. After the results of the hair situation I got off of this pill.
The side effects were hard. Extreme dizziness, nausea and weakness were the effects I experienced most after taking the drug for two weeks.
If you don 't want to get pregnant, then this birth control works just fine. Downsides for me: longer periods. I was bloated for a good 2 months. I read to try and stick it out for 3 months and bloating would subside, and for the most part it did. Last but not least, and for me the worst, the CYSTIC ACNE!! Uggghh I haven 't have acne in 3 yrs and as soon, as soon! As I switched to this BC I started getting them all over, with cystic ones mainly on my jaw line. I absolutely hate it and will be switching BC this week!!!
I cannot stand the Nexplanon implant. At first it was great because I didn 't have to worry about making sure I remembered to take my pill every day, but now it is terrible. I had a 12 day period, stopped bleeding for two weeks, and then had a 22 day HEAVY period. I 'll say it 's definitely an effective birth control, because you never seem to stop bleeding long enough to have sex! Terrible terrible thing. Going to get it out tomorrow.
I can 't begin to describe to you the kinds of nightmares that this medication gave me.  Believe me.  You don 't want to know about them.  It DID, however, prevent a migraine that would have most certainly occurred.  (It rained one day and weather changes are my biggest trigger.)  Yes, this medicine worked for me in the sense that it prevented a migraine. BUT!!!  I would rather treat an existing migraine than have these TERRIFYING dreams every night.
Extreme dry mouth.  Could not leave home without bottle of water.  Extreme dry stools to the point that I was taking a stool softener every day to avoid unnecessary straining.  
I began at 1.5 then titrated to 3mg dosage. At first, I loved the medicine, as it completely eliminated my depressive symptoms and helped regulate my sleep. However, after being on the medicine for two weeks, I developed Akisthesia and was told to stop. However, for those who do not experience TDS or EPS from the medicine, I imagine this will be a solid option to consider. Just be warned- the most common side effect listed is &quot;restlessness,&quot; which hit me hard and fast.
I was on Jolivette for over a year.  The first three months it was great; lighter periods, less PMS, no complaints.  After that grace period, it was all downhill.  I took it at the EXACT same time daily (down to the minute!) and I ended up with two long periods a month! One month I would have a regular period and the next I would have another period two weeks after my first.  It was frustrating to say the least. 
I got the mirena inserted in September of 2015 is already the end of the year one more day and I 'll be 2016 and I 'm still bleeding... Is this ever going to end!!!!!!!!! I 'm just so annoyed by now when is this going to end.
I had implanon but in twice, so for six years, with no problems but crazy irregular periods. Got my nexplanon implanted in Aug 2015 and have had a period almost since with a weight gain of 25 pounds. Have not enjoyed the nexplanon one bit other than I 'm not pregnant, but how could I be if I can 't have sex cause I 'm always bleeding. Currently I am sitting in the office waiting for them to remove here in about 5 minutes, can 't wait!!
I got this inserted in April .. going on 5 months now. I have had period , after period, after period and they last about 2 weeks.. no sex drive, headaches, acne, mood swings like no other. I 'm tired of feeling sick to my stomach day in and day out. How am I supposed to care for my 7 yr old while going through this?!?! All my doctor told me is it 's not regulated yet give it 4-6 months.. 4-6 MONTHS???? I  get cramps but not the normal period cramping.. it 's down lower and hurts like hell :(. I wanted this to work out but I 'm not going to go through this for 3 yrs..
I was on the 2 wk trial, on the 9th day I started having insomnia, my doctor decided to keep me on the 3.75 for another 2 wks to see if it went away but has not, I only get 3-4 hours sleep a night and I take it around 8am. I feel the medication really helps with weight loss, I have lost 5 lbs in 17 days, but am getting too exhausted to keep taking it. I will try Belviq.
Hi, I was on Effexor a few years ago and got off of it because I was doing much better but now I am starting to get back on it, I 'm on 37.5 and it 's day 8 and I feel awful. Super anxious and can 't eat, the thought of food makes me wanna puke. I 'm really scared. Has anyone had this and does it go away? I don 't remember having this the first time around :(
I 've been on Wellbutrin for 2 weeks and I don 't really feel any better. I notice weight gain and more irritability than usual. I 've read that I must be patient and continue taking it and I should see improvement after about a month. I took this years ago and it was the reason I was able to quit smoking. My wife called it the happy pill because she saw a big difference in my mood. So far it 's not having the same affect it did 15 yrs ago. I do like that I am not having any other side affects. My sex drive is still good and I think my anxiety  has improved somewhat. I 'm on 100 mg a day and I take it first thing in the morning.
I went on this birth control because I wanted to gain a little bit of weight but I ended up gaining 15 pounds and couldn 't exercise my stomach off because the shot made me so tired even when I would have 3-4 days off from work. I never had the energy to do anything. This shot made me moody and depressed! Not to mention it made my anxiety off the roof! Everyday I would almost get a panic attack from the smallest worries. After I got off it a couple weeks later I felt like a brand new person! Back to my old self. Happy energetic and fun to be around with! The only thing that was good about this birth control is that I never got my period. 
It was bad. It made me gain weight. It made me have tremors ,which will never completely go away now.I couldn 't hold plates or hold cups without shaking. My head started shaking. My new Neurologist took me off of them. I was on them for over 20 yrs. I would strongly think about other meds before taking this one considering the side affect can 't go away immediately or not at all .
Dr prescribed this medicine with lots of confidence, and my A1c was 8.8. Sugar levels dropped, but I had a horrible time taking it. Within the 3 weeks that I took it, I had woken up at least 5 times in the middle of the night with severe acidity and nausea, with constipation. Felt like I would die. Had to ask the doctor to stop it.
I first went on this pill when I was 20 years old. Everything seemed to be fine. Periods were lighter, no mood swings, no weight gain. Acne was so so. Skip ahead 2 years later and went on a trip and forgot to bring my birth control with me because I had my period at the time and the days just evaded me. So I waited until my next period to take it again. Once I got back on it, I had intense mood swings for no reason and tremendous weight gain that keeps continuing. I gained 30 pounds in 6 months since getting back on the pill. My eating habits haven 't changed and I 've actually been more active but pounds keep coming. It definitely effects sex drive because the month I was off it was high and then went low again after.
Got switched to this after being on Aptiom (which made me crazy). I 'm having less seizures, but it 's like my brain is shrinking. My memory has gotten worse, which is saying something. I can 't think of the simplest words sometimes, like I 'm losing part of my vocabulary. I haven 't had any emotional issues. I feel back to myself in that respect, but like every other medicine it will work for a while then I will slowly start having more frequent seizures. This is lasting longer than my others, but it feels like it 's not just keeping my neurons from over-firing. It feels like my brain is shutting down slowly. Idk what to do about it.
I went on this birth control because I wanted to gain a little bit of weight but I ended up gaining 15 pounds and couldn 't exercise my stomach off because the shot made me so tired even when I would have 3-4 days off from work. I never had the energy to do anything. This shot made me moody and depressed! Not to mention it made my anxiety off the roof! Everyday I would almost get a panic attack from the smallest worries. After I got off it a couple weeks later I felt like a brand new person! Back to my old self. Happy energetic and fun to be around with! The only thing that was good about this birth control is that I never got my period. 
I 'm a 48 yr old male, take 20mg day. Blood pressure is regular now however side effects are not acceptable and I will be switching to another medicine. Libido lowered, unable to maintain erection for more than 20 minutes, headaches, dizziness, some double vision, coughing, and slight weight gain without any change in exercise or diet. This ACE inhibitor is not for me.
My gynecologist put me on this for PCOS. I took it for two years. My periods are few, random and unpredictable. I didn 't have regular bleeding at all. I had one or two periods a year on it. The periods were much less uncomfortable, and my PMS symptoms were a lower severity. Didn 't help with my high insulin which is my big problem. Didn 't help with my ridiculously bad adult acne big problem. It went back to before. For a short period, I think it decreased my acne by 10%. The only pro I can think of is that it dealt with my higher risk for developing endometrial cancer due to lining buildup from unopposed estrogen. If I miss a dose here or there, I have awful mood swings. I 'm going to a new gynecologist because I need better management of my PCOS.
I&rsquo;m 18 and I&rsquo;ve had about 2 other YIs before this one that made me choose 7 day because I was simply too lazy to go to the doctor. BUT I HAVE NEVER HAD THIS INTENSE ITCHING WITH ANY OTHER YI MEDICINE. I&rsquo;ve taken the 3 day a year  ago and this burning itching sensation WAS NEVER A ISSUE but for some reason monistat 7 gives me more of a itch within 5 minutes after inserting   than my own YIs have ever gave me !!!  Never have I had this intense itching .. reading these comments give me hope to ride it out and pray for the best results because yeast infections are not fun at all.
Doesn 't work for me.
At my wits end. Fibromyalgia began to make me FEEL depressed - I figured an SSRI class medicine wouldn 't be all bad. Had a hard time with Cymbalta, but ready to try anything. Within hours after taking first dose began violent mood swings that woke me up and sent me keeling over the toilet with nausea from so much anxiety. when I fell asleep I woke up and began crying. It was..weird. My persistence with increasing dosage only re-affirmed nausea. So my medicines for IBS were pointless. Anxiety increase led to increase in anti-anxiety medicines. Unsure how to feel for a while.. It cured a bit of fogginess but I think exaggerated other symptoms. I was a raving lunatic with a tummy ache. Didn 't feel like me.
I was prescribed Cymbalta as a preventative for intractable migraines. I was also dealing with some depression due to my chronic pain. I was on a dose of 20mg at bed and was to increase to 40mg after 2 weeks. After my first dose, I awoke with general nausea. I had diarrhea once that 1st day. After my 2nd dose the worst of it started. I awoke three times that night with diarrhea - literally. I didn 't wake up having to run to the the bathroom. I was awakened because I was in the process of soiling myself in bed. I couldn 't eat, lost 5lbs in a week, had diarrhea the whole time. I stopped talking it and had the worst migraine of my life and electric zaps for two days after. Just say no to Cymbalta.
5 mg Crestor for about 3 weeks after becoming menopausal and having cholesterol spike even higher (family genetic condition)- no side effects at first and numbers started to improve THEN -everything went haywire- rapid weight gain &amp; all symptoms of pre-menopause has come back -now having severe joint pain so have stopped taking it completely.
I tried this for a UTI, got sharp pains behind my ribs that come and go all the time. Stopped taking it after two or three days and my UTI came right back. Now on bactrim and have the WORST head aches all day long.
My doctor prescribed this for myMenopausal mood swings and headaches.  It worked for a while and then I started having profuse sweating, not that I needed any help in that department due to my hot flashes!  I would be soaked at work and if I just did the smallest chore at home.  I weaned off and am now trying Effexor.
I was on this medicine for three months as my first time on birth control and ended up suffering from severe depression, making school and work very difficult.  I returned almost completely to myself when I got off the medication and have no more negative thoughts. I didn 't get pregnant though, so that 's a plus.
Have been taking Jalyn for 3 months.  Did experience better urine flow and less trips to the bathroom at night.  Side affects are:  constipation, dry ejaculation (no semen), decreased libido, dizziness and hip pain.  Might consider switching medication depending if side effects worsen.
I was on Percocet 10 mg 3 times a day and my doctor switched me to Nucynta 75 mg 3 times a day. The pain is much worse and I have been begging my doctor to switch me back or to something else. The only response I got was &quot;give it a month.&quot; I 'm having surgery in a week for one of the 5 issues I have. Not sure what people like about this medicine I 'm in tears and can 't sleep. Monetarily I have to pay 5 times more for this medicine that doesn 't work.
im 21 and this is my very first time being on any kind of BC, so I was extremly nervous. I did tons of research on many different brands of pills and finally came across ortho cyclen; which had wonderful reviews. I asked my doctor specifically for the ortho cyclen brand pill. I went to the pharmacy to pick up my rx and ended up getting sprintec, the generic brand. I was told it was the same ingredients as ortho. whatever. :/  This week marks my first month on sprintec and the first week was ROUGH. Nausea and vomiting every morning, disorientation, fatigue.  HUGE loss of apetite. Which is not good in my case, being that I was 105lbs when I started.  I have to force myself to eat now. Loss of apetite is the only side effect I cant deal with.
I switched from Effexor to Lexapro after I was beginning to have suicidal thoughts. While my mood improved, my sex drive plummeted. On top of that, I gained 25lbs in a month. After completely changing my diet and exercise routine by suggestion of my doctor, I still hadn 't lost any of the weight. It began to chip at what little self esteem I had, and my mood began to plummet again. It 's hard to feel happy when you feel so uncomfortable with your body after a rapid weight change. I 've been switched to Welbutrin SR, so we 'll see how that goes.
Minimal relief with itching
I have been on this pill for over 2 months now, and good news I have not got pregnant (me and my partner stopped using the withdrawl method and condoms). But that is the only thing I like about this pill. The first month I was on the pill I was fine I had no complications, but right after I started my second pack I got my first period and it lasted 10 days and it was heavy and crampy everyday. (usually it was only heavy and crampy the first day and usually it was only 5 days). I then started getting awful mood swings where i was angry and upset all the time. I am going to switch my pill the end of the 3 months.
Symbicort helped breath easier in the beginning. After a few weeks it actually made it worse and on top of it gave me terrible dibilitating back pain and hoarse throat. Side effects are not worth it! I would not recommend.
I 've been on Nuvaring for about 6 months now Pros:Convenient, easy to remember (hormones can last up to 5wks) not a lot of breast tenderness, breasts got bigger, no TERRIBLE mood swings (much less than when I was on Trinessa/Glidess.. but still a little more moody than usual), didn 't get pregnantCons: INSANE mood swings during PMS, I 've gained about 15 pounds without any change in exercise/diet and I 've stayed between 110-115 my entire life (I 'm now 130??), was convinced I had an STD because I was getting UTIs after intercourse (I don 't), sometimes its hard to put in, has fallen out a couple of times. I like it, but it 's not great and I cannot stand the weight gain. Will be switching to the skyla IUD
I was on it for 18 months. It was like taking a shot of the flu every week. The side effects never got better. After massive amounts of research, I finally went to supplements, healthy eating, mindfulness, taking toxins out of my daily life, exercise and of course prayer. I still live with my MS symptoms, but, I will work out at the gym, I will ride my bike 100 miles this week and continue working  productively.  Don 't ever give up!
I had a mild yeast infection I used this before bed. When I woke up in the morning I felt worse! My vagina was swollen and felt very warm. I&rsquo;ve been trying not to rub or scratch it. I went to the bathroom and it burned to pee! I don&rsquo;t have an STD just got checked for it but never again will I use this. Maybe it was too much in one dose for me but I have seen many reviews of the same thing. So it got worse and I&rsquo;m praying it just gets better!!!
Get off of this patch if you can, I have been experiencing respiratory issues a hard cough , loss of voice , nasal congestion and rapid heart beat along with mood swings..Ok let me start from the top. At first I loved this patch and don 't get me wrong it works. I had been to the doctor 3 times and they could not explain why I was having all these respiratory symptoms, cough, and my nose was constantly clogged no matter what I took. Now I did read the affects of this patch but the list was short and mostly spoke of good things, well this morning I began searching more side affects and BOOM!! Every unexplained symptom I had was listed. None of the doctors new I was on this patch which explains why they were all so puzzled. I 'm off of it now
I was given Zofran for nausea.  I took it for one day.  It took care of the nausea but gave me a bad headache so I am asking for something else.
Menstrual cramps
I 've heard this stuff is the Liquid Plumber Of The Butt, but so far I 'm unimpressed. I felt mildly backed up and my boyfriend recommended this to clear myself out. I drank a 10oz bottle of the lemon (the taste wasn 't bad- I will take this over cough syrup any day) at 10:30pm. 5 hours and 2.5 bottles of water later, I 've had a lot of stomach gurgling &amp; bloating and, after straining because of no real urge to go, tiny squirts of liquified poop here and there. Farts thus far have been farts, and I remain skeptical.
Been on it for 3 days for pain and inflammation due to osteoarthritis. Side effects are bad and I cannot wait for it to be out of my system. Severe headache, dizziness, back pain, bloating, anxiety and insomnia.
Getting Mirena put in was such a concentrated and intense uterine pain that I almost passed out right there on the gynecologist table. Mirena was fine at first, but VERY shortly after I had it inserted, I started experiencing a thick, off-colored discharge, and an odor that would knock out Mike Tyson. I had it in for three months before I had it removed. The discharge and odor didn 't go away for months. When I finally visited my gynecologist who told me I had gotten Bacterial Vaginosis. It was easy to treat. 
I took this from Feb 2017 until Sept 2017 for my GAD. I alternated between 5mg &amp; 10mg daily.It worked ok for my anxiety, but just ok.Sex drive non-existent.Gained 20 lbs with no other lifestyle changes, so it had to be this medicine.I stopped with no withdrawal symptoms so that 's good.
ALLERGIC REACTION!  My 11-year-old son started taking Cefdinir because he had an ear infection.  After the 7th dose, he started complaining of a &quot;burning&quot; pain in his feet and hands. I suspected it was a reaction to the Cefdinir, STOPPED giving him the medication, and contacted his doctor 's office to notify them.  He is NOT taking a new antibiotic.  However, three days AFTER the last dose of Cefdinir, he has developed a new symptom:  an allergic rash. He has a red rash on his arms and legs.  Allergy to Cefdinir confirmed!   Please follow your gut instinct if you have any reason to suspect an allergy to medication!  I 'm so glad I followed mine!
Makes me shakey.
I was extremely constipated due to opioid induced constipation. I took one capsule and an hour later I got chills, a severe stomach cramp and the next 8 hours were the worst experiences I have ever had. It was like I knew I had to pass the stool but try as I may, It would not budge. Severe chills were the worst pain. Combine chills and stomach pain and I was wishing I could just pass our for 2 days till this passed. Eventually after 5 hours of grunting and commode sitting I passed the stool. I won 't be taking anymore since the treatment is worse than the condition. This was a sample my doctor gave me at his office. I 'm glad I didn 't pay for it.
I could really use some outside opinions.  I have been on CONTRAVE  for 6 months.  I lost 15 lbs the first 6 weeks, but I was watching my diet, and walking 3x/week.  After the first 3 months, the weight came back...with a vengeance, and I found myself feeling a sense of sadness that I hadn 't felt before.  The appetite returned with ferocity, and I haven 't changed anything - diet, dosage, nothing.Has anyone else experienced anything like this?  Has anything changed with the medication?It just seems so strange...especially reading some of the success stories.Anyone??
This was a good drug for the first couple of years of taking it. Unfortunately, I did not consult my doctor before I stopped taking it.  Huge mistake!  I highly recommend seeing your doctor before you stop taking this. DO NOT quit cold turkey like I did.  I felt like I was going insane, had mood swings were horrible and couldn 't sleep. 
I have been on Forteo 2 months now, I had 2 spinal compression fractures, 4 fractured ribs, right side and then I hollered at a dog, another fracture. MRI said osteoporosis, scoliosis, degenerative disc disease, severe osteoarthritis, SURGERY. My bones were mush. I 'm suppose to do forteo for 2 to 3 months.    Now I have bad stomach aches, hoarse voice, shortness of breath, dizzy, confusion, Charlie horses in legs, and trouble sleeping. Its a complicated, risky surgery. I hope this is all worth it, I feel awful, and crooked badly.
Took Dulera for a year for pretty bad asthma which it controlled very nicely.After one year  the Dulera started giving me awful palpitations,severe pounding pulse ,shakiness and insomnia.I had to give it up.I feel better now after 3 weeks without it,but still cannot find a  good replacement.
Ineffective with my advanced disease.  Tried it because I 've run out of options.
I had nothing but negative effects from the Depo shot that are continuing even after the duration of action of the Depo. I am now experiencing terrible migraines (I rarely, if ever had even minor headaches). They have been occurring multiple times per day including nausea and diarrhea.  I experienced these same symptoms for the first time after I received my first shot. I also experienced neck stiffness, severe mood swings, bouts of depression that seemed to arrive from nowhere, no sex drive what so ever, and worst of all menstrual bleeding for an entire month straight which was only counteracted by a high dosage of birth control pills. 
When I first started on these medicines they worked fine, but 18 months later the medicines are no longer controlling my blood pressure very well at all.
I found it really nauseating. I prefer not to take it again. The texture was hard to get down for me as well. Glad it works for some people.
I had no trouble with this medication for almost 2.5 years. However, I 've developed negative side effects including: painful cramping for weeks at a time, bleeding between periods, stomach bloating, acne and breast pain.
Therapist thinks I have bipolar II. I was taking cymbalta, trazadone and klonopin. I am now only on 40mg of Latuda and klonopin. I feel like a zombie. I have no desire to speak when I 'm with friends. I 've found myself drooling sometimes, letting a small amount of drool drip out. Very embarrassing. I often find myself staring out into nothing. I have trouble keeping still most days. I have to take it with food or I will become very nauseous. Also I must take it before bed because it makes me drowsy. I don 't like this medication. I used to be more full of life even if I was depressed under the surface. Now I 'm just a bump on a log with nothing to say. Makes me sad about this.
I 've had the nexplanon in for almost a month and have heavy to light spotting every day since insertion. If it doesn 't stop in the next month I 'm having it removed!
I take .5 klonopin and i still get really bad anxiety on it. I tried telling my psych about it but she said it was okay. Personally, I dont think it works and im 122lb.
I have been on Yaz for about a year and a half. I just switched today to a different pill. I gained about 10 pounds on Yaz. It made me impossible to deal with. I was so uncontrollably moody, and it made my acne worse. Hopefully the new stuff will help.
Must of been allergic,  made me itch
I had Implanon for just over 2 years. It was great because I never had to remember to take a pill, the insertion was quick, easy and hardly hurt at all. I bled for 4 months straight after getting it put in, but then after that I probably only had 4 or 5 more periods in the rest of the 2 years. That part of it was great. However, I got incredibly depressed and had to go on anti-depressants. I had insane mood swings, my personality changed, and I had basically NO libido at all. To add to my low/non-existent libido, Implanon made me really dry down there so sex hurt every single time. I just took it out yesterday. The removal process was pretty quick and generally painless, my arm is a little sore today, but not too bad.
I am 28 years old.  I have never felt any side effects from any birth control I have ever taken.  My Doctor, however, switched me to this one because of the price I assume. Since I began taking it a month ago, I have been extremely emotional, crying when I 'm happy, crying when I am sad.  My mood swings are having an affect on my relationship, my kids and husband, as I am less patient and more tired. My face is also breaking out, which normally only happens when I am PMSing the week before my period.  I called my doctor today to switch me off of this. I am only stating my experience, to reassure others if having the same side effects that it is not you coming down with depression. It is only the pill. 
I 've taken Flagyl several times for severe sinus infections. It did help considering the side effects. Currently I began Flagyl 5 days ago 3 x a day for C-Diff ...The C-Diff symptoms were bad enough but the side effects this time are horrible. Severe nausea ,insomnia, itchy hot skin and a general feeling of sickness. I still have 5 more days to go and want to discontinue the medicines. 
I love how it makes you more focused on one thing. But it has too many bad things to it. First you have loss of hunger for a longer period of time. Then you get this bad stomach feeling like barely fainting or puking. Your muscles start to twitch and you annoying and hostile. I also feel like crying at random points and is pretty emberassing.
I 've had 3 implants in total now and just had my last one removed after having it for a year. I had two with no problems apart from acne. The last I had after I had my first child and it was the worst thing ever. I 'd lost all the baby weight then had the implant inserted and gained 3 stone back in about 4 months. Nothing would shift it. It completely changed my appetite, gave me horrible acne and dandruff and reduced my sex drive to nothing.I had it removed 7 days ago and it was the best decision ever. In just 7 days I 've lost 7lbs by doing nothing, dandruff has nearly gone and my skin has nearly all cleared up.I loved the implanon implant before having my baby but after it just seemed to cause so many side effects it wasn 't worth it.
I was prescribed Lorazepam 1mg up to 3x a day, but they don 't seem to be touching me. I suffer from panic attacks, anxiety, etc., and I just permanently feel wired, my legs are going 100mph all the time. I get bad thoughts of doom from nowhere. If I 'm not focused on something 100%, I end up letting little thoughts of what if I pass out, etc. I 've tried lots of SSRI 's as well. 
My personal advice to anyone thinking of starting Cymbalta, don 't do it. I only wish someone told me before I took it. Granted, it did take the edge off of some of my pain short term. The side effects just aren 't worth it. I was fortunate enough to only suffer mood swings, anger, brain zaps and so on for about a month because I wasn 't on it that long.They don 't tell you that once you start taking Cymbalta, it 's near impossible for someone to safely come off on their own if they have been on it more than a couple of months. Just please do your research. Some people have had great success but others barely lived to tell their horror stories and others aren 't here
I absolutely hate this birth control. Not only do I get the heaviest periods I 've ever gotten in my life (I have to change my super plus tampons every couple of hours the first couple days), it sometimes comes a week early. Also, weight gain, some acne (which I never experienced my whole life) and terrible PMS. Only reason I 'm giving it some &quot;stars&quot; is because I didn 't get pregnant.
I developed CIU approximately 4 months ago, and have never gone a day without extensive hives except when on prednisone, and the first 3 weeks after my first Xolair shots.  Since then, I have had two more rounds of Xolair, but the hives are not going away, and I 'm terribly disappointed.  Have not given up the other antihistamines prescribed by my allergist.  Does anyone know how long Xolair takes before it starts knocking out the hives?
Positive: -You won 't get pregnant. -You may see some acne clear upNegative:-Severe mood swings. I can 't even control myself.  My emotions do whatever they want, whenever they want. It 's ruining my relationship with my boyfriend. I cry multiple times a day. I never used to be like this.  I am switching to a non-hormonal birth control option.
I have used Sronyx for three months now. Have not changed my diet or exercise, and have gained about 8 lbs. I was on Loestrin for a year and a half, but lost my health insurance. This is what the county health clinic gave me.
Helps me somewhat. I was diagnosed recently I 'm only 19. I don 't bleed anymore thank god I would have bloody stool 6-10 times a day the only thing I do get is really gassy and it hurts is that normal. Also I am on remicade
I didn 't have a good experience. Was violently ill with chills, vomiting and terrible headache.  I drank lots of water, ice tea, and ginger ale but I couldn 't finish the prep.  I 'd rather use Fleets Phospho Soda and Fleets enema.
My experience has been a rollercoaster. When I first got it in December of 2015 and still have it in now. I have gained weight and I can 't seem to lose it. I lost a lot of hair and it 's still thin and thinning. I did not get acne. But it is 100% effective. My periods are weird and sometimes unexpected even when I track it.I wouldn 't suggest this if you have other options.
I was on Apri and they said the name changed to Mirvala and there was no changes to the medicine. However, it seems to have completely changed now! I get my period about a week before my pills have run out, even if I take them at the same time every day. I get cramps through-out the month and a lot of spotting. When I do have my period it is extremely heavy and painful. It 's stopping pregnancy, but that 's about all that it 's doing for me now.
Off it completely for 2 days now. Acid reflux much better and more importantly no Pronounced heart beats or racing. Feeling normal again thank God. I truly believe after my experience with both Niaspan and Crestor is that they actually starve your heart of the Oxygen it needs if your an athlete. Heart rate problems or potential Arrhythmia 's may not be revealed in people who have more sedentary lifestyles. The fact that the new recommendation is to stack COQ10 with the statins should prove that they can rob your heart of energy when you work it hard during intense exercise. 
I just started NuvaRing last month and am seriously considering not putting a new one in.  I have not been on birth control since College (I am 29) and expelled the Mirena three months ago.  It is convenient for not taking something everyday and my boyfriend couldn 't feel a thing.  But my boyfriend may never want to come near me again because of my AWFUL mood swings.  I am typically a pretty happy person but I have become depressed, cry over ANYTHING am angry and seriously think I am going crazy.  I experienced some fatigue for a few days, a terrible headache for a few days and diarrhea this whole month.  I understand that some woman are just naturally more hormonal, in which case birth control makes you have TOO much hormone. So I guess this just isn 't for me!
I couldn 't tolerate the tremendous amount of hair loss on Elmiron, so now I take Vitanica Bladder Ease and Marshmallow Root for IC.  I prefer Cysto-Protek, but it 's too expensive.
I got a titration packet and it relieved my pain within a few hours of taking it. I was so very happy and excited. I slept well. However, on day 3, I started having horrible stomach cramps with it and had to stop it.Now I am trying Lyrica. We 'll see how that goes. 
I took this pill for several months and finally got a hold of my doctor 's office to switch to something different.  I had been on Ortho Tri Cyclen-lo and had no issues, but had to switch to something less expensive.  Although my breasts grew about half way into my cycle, they were so sensitive I could hardly stand it.  I had horrible mood swings and would just feel like I could break down crying at any particular moment.  Good at pregnancy prevention, but not sure all the nasty side effects that come along with it make it worth it.
I began taking Forteo December 2 2014 after having neck surgery to remove two discs One week after the surgery I returned for an Xray and the lower part of the plate had come loose from my vertebrate. I was asked if I had fallen, hit my head or any type of accident. I told him I hadn 't, then he told me the surgery was a failure. I was put on Forteo 2-1/2 months after my surgery. From the beginning I began having side effects. I 've had dizziness resulting in stumbling and falls and bone pain. I opted to stay on it. I have taken a two week break and my symptoms disappeared. I 'm debating going back on it.
I 've had skyla for 4 months and decided it 's not for me. The insertion was the most painful experience of my life. The painful cramps I got with insertion pretty much lasted for a week. The second week of cramps weren 't as bad but they were still awful, only 800mg Ibuprofen helped. It caused my periods to stop, tired all the time, some mood swings, acne and cramps. Worst part we 're the cramps/the cystic acne, as time went by these worsened. Removal was quick and practically painless other than a short cramp.
Cipro has cleared up my infection quick, but it gave me a yeast infection and a very itchy rectum.
Did its job but made me lethargic.
Did not work well for me.
I am 15, about to turn 16 and I have been taking Cymbalta for a few months now. At first this medicine helped me out to sort out a few issues in life but now it seems to me and my friends and family can see that I have gone back to the way I was before I started taking Cymbalta. This is the second medication I have been on for major depression. I can 't sleep properly anymore and in my waking hours I feel so deep in a hole. I also have severe anger snaps that turn out very bad for those around and myself. Its 6 days to Christmas, not excited a bit and only a month till my birthday and still not excited. Cymbalta as I said was very helpful at first but it seems my body has got used to this and now I am on a very big down spiral.
Hey,So I have taken this medication now for about 3 weeks to help me sleep!, the odd thing is, is I have woken up at odd times of the night not being able to fall back asleep!, which triggers my depression later on in the day if I do not get enough sleep, I found out I had Anxiey and Depression while I was on my mission for the church of jesus Christ of latter day saints, I have felt better since being on medication, but I am still waking up at odd times in the night!
I had a very spiritual experience where I was having convos with spirits unseen. This was disturbing to my family members and because they did not understand what was happening I got upset at them. They called the doc etc. and I was taken to the hospital for observation. After few weeks being there they forced haldol on me. My conscienceness got lower and I eventually came down from those levels. I got 5 mg oral. They slowly got me off the meds and I was sent home. When I stopped with the meds I got a deep psychose. But was protected by my ancestors. Side effects: lowers IQ, drooling, no happy moments for you. Bad medicine. Used on horses. Made in Belgium by docs who don 't know how it feels to have a psychose.
June 2, 2015 was the date that I first received the Nexplanon implant. When I first got it, my period was way off. I would bleed for about 2 weeks and stop for only a day or two before bleeding for another couple of weeks. This happened for the first month or two, and I haven 't bled since. I do enjoy not having a period, but I can 't help but wonder what negativity that is doing to my body. It seems to do its job as far as birth control goes. Cons: weight gain/excessive appetite, nonstop mood swings, anger, depression, lack of motivation, random severe cramps. I 'm getting it taken out tomorrow because I can 't handle the emotional stress any longer. I don 't recommend to anyone who already suffers from mental disorders.
Psoriasis diagnosis: I received my first injection the end of December 2009 and I saw an immediate difference within the first two weeks. The second injection was due; however, I was ill with an upper respiratory virus in which my Doctor indicated to wait until it was resolved. I was about 1.5 weeks late with the 2nd injection. I was flared and received the 2nd injection with itching down 50% and cleared approximately 40%. Two weeks after the 2nd injection, I developed moderate arthritis symptoms in my shoulder, right knee and my finger joints. It was time for the 3rd injection after waiting 3 months. I remained at the 40% clearing. I discontinued this medicine due to joint issues and flaring increase by the end of 3rd month.
Having trouble emptying bladder so doc gave Rapaflo samples. Increased flow within days, but still difficulty emptying completely. No ejaculate at all, but orgasim still there.  Will stop Rapaflo regimen and try disposable caths for awhile.
My doctor switched me from Paxil to Pristiq as my depression and anxiety worsened.  It has been almost two months since I started taking it, and I not only have no relief, but my symptoms have gotten worse.  
Got this medicine and was amazed at how I recovered.  I wasn 't paranoid, was relaxed and loved life.  Until I kept taking it for a couple years and all the symptoms returned I now am withdrawing, which is a nightmare. 
Lyrica is great at taking away my pain due to fibromyalgia. However, the side effects from the medication and from detoxing are not worth it! I am 25 and  took Lyrica for at least 6 years. I experienced severe brain fog, difficulty breathing, cognitive difficulties n others while on this medication. I thought they were all due to my conditions, but after truly reflecting on my journey Lyrica surely hurt me more than it helped me. I have been off of the medication for about 3 weeks now. I did some research and learned that my detox period would be both difficult and long because 1, I took the medication for several years, I took a high dosage andi stopped the medicatiod cold turkey. It 's getting easier for sure. The creator on my side!
I 'm 32 yrs old. I went on Depo-Provera for 3 months and it was horrible. I constantly felt like I was running a fever and sweating like crazy. I had horrible PMS but no period. The only good thing about it was the convenience.
Caused joint and tendon pains, made my hand go numb and ruined my tendon in my thumb so it doesn 't bend right now and sticks in place.
I had originally gotten on nexplanon to help with terrible, heavy periods. I have not stopped bleeding since I got on it. I had mood swings, constant spotting. I had my period for a month straight. Absolutely no sex drive, which is out of character for me and my partner hated. I would get nauseous after eating, so I stopped eating as much. Yet I still gained a good 40lbs with a healthy diet and working out 5 days a week. Absolutely hated this birth control, I was so glad to get it taken out.
I 've had the implant since May 2015 and a month after I gave birth to my 4th baby, and bled for 2 months straight with spotting for the 3rd month, I 've gained 40lbs. And no matter what I do it won 't come off I 've been exercising for 2 months now and eating clean and not even a 1 lb off, I get moody, I have face and neck acne which I have never had not even as a teen, I 'm always sluggish with no motivation for anything, I don 't feel my self 50% of the time, I get nausea at night, and dizzy like crazy. The only positive is that I 'm not pregnant. Just made my appt for it to come out. Yaaayy can 't wait to feel myself and loose this weight ASAP. So not to good for me.
I was on Paxil CR 25mg for 5 years and 37.5mg for about 1 year. My Doctor and I decided to ween me off due to feeling that it wasn 't working as it used to and I didn 't want to increase the dose. The weening process went too quickly and I suffered withdrawal symptoms- brain zaps, brain fog, crying, severe mood swings, just to name a few. I also had a rush of emotions that were hidden from being on it. My family and friends said that when I first started taking it, they noticed that I had been withdrawn but they thought that I was happy because my anxiety was gone. 
I was diagnosed with pan UC 2 years ago. My doctor gave me different medication that didn 't work for me and made me worse. I lost 20 pounds in two weeks and didn 't eat or drink anything because I would go to the bathroom ten times a day.  My doctor finally recommended remicade,  symptoms went down and a year later I 've started flaring up again. They increased dosage and I get it every month now. But while I 'm writing this my flare ups started again and it 's been two weeks of bleeding and my doctor is on vacation. I don 't know to do next, I don 't want to have surgery.
I had sexual side effects from Norvasc and it only moderately controlled my hypertension.
Had perfect skin until I was 27, so then I started using prescribed face wash and topical creams with no result. October 2015 I tried the fractional laser and it worked miracles on me, perfect flawless skin, no spots or acne.. 6 months later I started developing a hyper-pigmentation, and slowly all the acne was back and got even worse than it was.. doctor put me on Doxy 100mg/day for 4 months, I didn 't see much of an improvement, acne almost gone but the dark spots didn&rsquo;t, and on 4 months mark! I had a savage breakout!! Intense acne leaving marks.. I felt like a monster.. now put again on Doxy 100 and Diane 35 for 6 months.. and I 'm on the 2nd week of the treatment, having a whiteheads and itching rash.. I&rsquo;m really desperate.. hope it works this time..
I am 11 wks pregnant and after my first OB/GYN appointment they called me with results that I had urinary tract infection. I was shocked because I didn 't have any symptoms other than pressure by my bladder which I was relating to the pregnancy. I was prescribed 100mg of Macrobid x 3 days taking 1 capsule every 12 hrs. The first night I took it a couple hours after dinner and went to sleep. BIG MISTAKE! I woke up vomiting ate a bagel right away and took second pill. I felt nauseated all day, tired, and mild headache. The remaining pills I took directly after a full meal and felt a little better. If it wasn 't for the medicine only being for 3 days I don 't think I could 've taken it any longer. I just kept telling myself that if I don 't finish it a UTI can be much more serious.
After being treated for yeast for 8 months with little success, my doctor put me on metrogel as kind of a last resort to soothe my itching/burning/abnormal discharge/tingling even though my cultures keep coming back negative for everything... I 've taken metrogel before when I actually had a positive culture for BV and had no complaints. This time around, I 'm on my second night and feel awful. Itching is still there + I have body aches, chills, feel nauseous... I 'm going to continue using this medicine for the next 3 nights and I 'll check back in to finish the review... also have a gross  discharge but I assume this is the gel coming out...
I was recommended this product for axillary hyperhidrosis. The first night, it tingled a little but it was tolerable. Ever since then, i have been using it every few weeks because i fear of loosing sleep due to the irritation which leads up to redness and soreness. And then the irritation feels like a tingling itch which progresses to a burning sensation, enspecially when you try to scratch a little. I would still try it if i was you, its different for everyone. The things i learned is to wait maybe 30 mins after washing underarms at night to apply it and waiting 2 days after shaving prolbably isnt enough to restrict burning due to the high level of alcohol in the product. The less, the better trust me..dont keep piling it on top.
I have severe anxiety and panic disorder. I was prescribed 25 mg of Atarax (hydroxyzine) and it does not seem to help what so ever with my panic attacks or my anxiety level.
I 've been on the pill for almost a month since July 2nd and I schudeuled an appointment with my OBGYN today due to this contraceptive cause lots of bleeding. I started on the first day I bleed from my last period and it 's July 28th and I am currently still on my period. My doctor prescribed me Lo Loestrin now and I hope it helps me out. But with Lutera it was a horrible experience, Lots of headaches, low sex drive, MANY mood swings/depression. I got into many many arguments with my boyfriend this month and I had my relationship in danger!
I hated my experience with Imitrex.  It made my chest feel strange, heart beat increase and I felt very anxious while on it.  I guess it shortened the duration of my headache, but I became very worried and preoccupied by its side effects.
Very freaky and delusional side effects.  Pain control was adequate but did not overcome the psychotic active side effects.  Effects lasted for 1 week after hospital use and flashbacks occurred for weeks after.
I was on this prior to my third son and had no trouble. Now I 'm back on it and it has been a solid two months of straight acne. Horrible; its all around my mouth and under my eyes. I 've never had issues prior to this and I 'm hating it. I 've also put on around 5 pounds since starting this. I 'm a healthy and very active 32 year old.
Latuda was horrible in my case. I was so wound up I couldn 't sleep or sit down. I had what felt like all day long panic and even a Xanax didn 't stop it. I was sweating and hyperventilating and felt a constant choking sensation I think from panicking. This is my experience it may be someone else 's miracle drug. It did ease the depression and mood swings but the side effects were not worth it. On the plus side I gave it a 3 because I was never hungry and dropped 20 pounds.
The not-so-bad:  I 'm apparently one of the lucky people not to experience significant side effects.  No GI issues or nausea, although I always take with food.  The bad:  No positive effects, either.  Titrated quickly up to 20 mg, and in over a year Trintellix has done zilch to control my depression (or anxiety).  My doctor likes it for some reason and has kept trying to augment it with various meds, with little success and many bad experiences.  I 've advised him I 'm stopping it. Trintellix might work for mild/moderate depression, but for my MDD, it completely lacks horsepower.  It 's like trying to put out a house fire with a water pistol.  I could just as well take Tic Tacs...at least they 'd give me fresh breath
WARNING - Be prepared for withdrawal symptoms when you stop Belviq! I tried Belviq months ago but got nervous about the initial headaches and stopped after 3 weeks.  I had 2 evenings of &quot;palpitations&quot; and one horrible anxiety filled night with desperate thoughts. I got through it and rationalized starting again 3 months later when I realized Belviq really did a good job of preventing &quot;cravings&quot; and my tendency toward night eating. After 12  weeks and &quot;fair&quot; weight loss, I decided the recent cognitive and vision side effects were not worth risk of continuing. Withdrawal day 3 tonight. I should be on episode of Celebrity Rehab...horrific thoughts, anxiety, insomnia - want to peel my skin off. BRUTAL...hoping this is the worst of it. Good luck.
I was prescribed this medicine for a bulging disc and sciatica in April of 08. The doctor told me to take 2 x 50mg tablets of Tramadol along with one 800mg of Skelaxin and an 800mg of motrin. The first day..just after taking the 2 x 50mg pills...I started sweating..felt faint..and wound up vomiting. I spent the rest of the day in bed. The pain was gone..but I had flu like symptoms for two days following. I called my doctor and he told me to lower the dosage to just one 50mg pill of Tramadol a day. I didn 't vomit but I had the same side effects again. I 'd feel fine for a few hours then for the next day or two I couldn 't focus without getting an intense headache. I couldn 't walk without being dizzy and losing my footing.
I took mucinex d before bed because by sinuses were congested and I could feel mucus in my lungs making it hard to breathe. Shortly after taking the medication everything loosened up, my nose ran but I could breathe. Unfortunately it 's now 6am and I haven 't slept a wink and have had a rapid heart rate and anxiety. I have a headache and am too jittery to sleep. I did feel slight nauseous after I took the pill and very dry mouth now.
Dr.prescribed Victoza 3 mo.  ago for weight loss, which was affecting my health.  High BP, arthritis in knee, low thyroid,  weight was 183 lbs. Loved it, no side effects, loss 40 lbs. But , just recently all at once, got headaches,  lightheaded,  unbearable pains in stomach,  anxiety,  fast heart beating,  I thought I was going to die. I stayed up until 4:00 am, I felt out of control from all the anxiety.  Thank God I had some Xanax! I love the weght loss results, however  I don 't ever want to experience  that terrifying experience of feeling like I was going to die. Ithe was that frightening,  I stopped the next day!
So I went to the doctors and they told me I had a yeast infection. Now this is my first time getting one. My doctor told me to purchase Monistat 3 so I finally used my first insert last night and I didn 't feel a thing but when I laid down it started itching and burning really bad unexplainable. The pain was so bad I was thinking about going to the hospital, but then I put the external cream on and about 30 minutes later I felt relieve. I wouldn 't purchase this product ever again because the pain was much worse than the actual infection. I 'm debating on using the second insert or not. UGH!
A horror show! My bacteria infection cleared up but each day I felt perpetual nauseousness. I was constantly dizzy and for the first time in my life I think I understand what vertigo and dying feels like. I had so many mood swings I put bi-polar patients, menopausal women, and overly induced hormonal teenage girls to shame. It was bitter experience to the point I felt incredibly emotional but dead inside at the same time. I was constantly mad at my significant other for no apparent reason and tried to call the relationship off until I realized after the medication wore off, I still very much cared for him. Medication worked but would be better used as a lesson to teach abstinence to prevent ever having sex. That 's how I got the infection.
I 'll keep this short.  I have taken Tri Lo Sprintec, Ortho Tri Cyclen Lo, and Velivet (in that order).  Although my experience with Velivet was not as bad as with Ortho Tri Cyclen, it wasn 't great.Pros: I lost weight, very regular periods, effective as birth control.Cons: Velivet completely killed my sex drive.  Not only that, it turned me into a nervous wreck - and I am usually a pretty calm person.  I was constantly worried about the way others perceived me, what my boyfriend *really* thought about me (believe me ladies, he is not a master of subtlety... there was no reason for me to be feeling this way), etc.  
I was prescribed Effexor for anxiety and depression and  while it does work in some ways, it is not worth it. I was taking 75 mg once a day and it seemed to make me feel calmer and a little more at ease at first, but the side effects made me decide to stop it, and coming off was terrible. My side effects were inability to get any good sleep, taking forever to climax during sex, and never being able to get anything done. The overall feeling I felt was that everything just seemed blunted. Once I stopped the withdrawals were horrible. I felt hungover for about 4 days. In addition to that during the withdrawal time I would sometimes feel like I could just explode and punch a hole in the wall for no reason. Would never try again.
Been on this for 3 months. I 'm 20 years old and was put on this due to: Ovarian cysts, acne, incredibly painful/irregular &amp; as future birth control method.It didn 't seem to do anything other than make me hungry, achey, &amp; VERY VERY tired. My period is still irregular &amp; painful. My face hasn 't cleared up. I definitely experience spotting a week before the brown pills. I BARELY bleed or not at all on the brown pills which makes me nervous for when I do start to have sex and would like reassurance that i 'm not pregnant. I go back to the doctor this week, i 'm definitely switching to a different birth control! Something to get rid of my acne, my painful periods &amp; something that will regulate them!
After 4 months on Letrazole, I felt like an old crock, in pain everywhere, barely able to move, depressed, not sleeping well and developing carpal tunnel syndrome. I 've gone off it ready to try something else and after only a week, nearly all the pain and stiffness is gone. I 'm sleeping well and have a sense of wellbeing. Letrazole stole my quality of life and I 'm glad I discovered it after not too long. Let 's hope other drugs are better tolerated, but if not, I 'd rather have quality of life than quantity of pain.
This medicine is great for sleep and helping anxiety, but if you have responsibilities, work, school, kids, ANYTHING, then be prepared. I am only on 100mg and although I feel calmer and not so irritable, I just feel sort of dozed and no motivation to do anything, not even simple things like taking a shower or making something to eat.  I woke up this morning needing to go to the bathroom and it seemed like an overwhelming task and I was stumbling around like when you are drunk.  If you don 't have to work or answer to anyone then it 's fine because you can just space out and not have such negative emotions and feel better.
I have had the IUD for almost 2 years now. The first year was great. Last month I noticed I 'm more moody have bad acne. I still have not lost my baby weight. I actually weigh more. I feel as if I 'm pregnant. Have migraines, hip and abdominal pain, heartburn. I have taken test but all come out negative. The other girls who have had the same side effects say that urine test will not read you need a blood test or ultra sound. I am making my appointment and having this removed. 
Tri-Sprintec has totally changed my mood. I am always moody, angry and upset.  I am always crying if I am happy or upset.  It really has made my relationship with my parents and boyfriend not so good because of my mood swings! I have been on this birth control for 6 months. My periods are 2 weeks long. It 's the worst. I want to be happy again and to my normal self!
Right now, I am waiting for my doctor to renew my prescription so I can get my medication.  The inhaler I am currently using shows it has 122 puffs left, and its empty.  This isn 't the first time I 've had one of these go dry before its used up.  Now, without an inhaler, I have to hope that the doctor on Monday will send in the renewal.  Fortunately, unless the pharmacy will provide a new inhaler to compensate for the defective one, I am out the money that was paid for it.  Oh, it does work, when it has medication in it.
I 've been on viorele for the past year and a half. At first, it was great! It got rid of my cramps, it regulated my period, and it worked in respects to preventing pregnancy, but for the past 6 months, I experienced a severe decrease in my libido, almost it was nonexistent. When I did want to have sex, I experienced severe pain, which I didn 't experience prior. I was agitated and my anxiety and depression were worse. I 'm now looking for a different birth control.
This pill is very effective and has its ups and downs. I took this med in back in 2014 for my ADHD and stopped completely in 2015 due to the side affects. I am currently taking it again and it has changed me completely. PROS: *You can concentrate incredibly *You get work done fast * It makes you think twice* loose weight (if your interested in that)Cons:*You get paranoid*You feel nauseated the whole time*You become very antisocial*You get aggravated very quickly *People always think your sad or something 's wrong*APPETITE IS GONE *You get sad fairly quick*Everything bothers you*Its very hard to get or stay happy*It gets hard to fall asleep This is my 2nd month back on it and there has been a substantial change in me already
You can actually call this birth control because I didn 't want to have sex while I was on it. I had no type of sex drive whatsoever and I 'm always in a mood. I had mood swings, depression, and was nauseous all the time. The only thing that minastrin was good for was my period were light and lasted two days and I didn 't get pregnant. I was originally on loestrin 24 fe and stopped. Loestrin 24 was the best birth control ever. I went back on birth control a year later because I couldn 't afford to pay for it at the time but now my insurance basically covers anything now. The doctor prescribed me minastrin and it was the worst thing ever. I stopped using it after 3 months and felt so much better.
I had the burning like the other mentioned. About 2-3 hours after insertion. I didn 't itch, however. I put a cold pack on my lady parts and it helped. Not sure if it will cure my YI, since it 's only been 3 hours now. We shall see. But yea, it really burns.
I just had the 3rd injection in both knees. Noticed a slight decrease in pain after the first one and no real difference after the second. I have bone rubbing on bone on the inside of my knees. Walking more than 50 yards without resting my knees is agony but I can bike ride without much pain at all so I take a spinning class twice a week for exercise. I would like to be able to walk again without severe pain my dog is getting fat as am I. I really pray for a decrease in pain in the next 6 weeks.
I have been on this medication for 5 days, since Feb 22nd, the first 4 days on .06 and 5th day 1.2. For the first 2 days I had no side effects and decreased hunger, and then it hit me hard,( Severe fatigue ). I could barely stay out of bed. I needed 4 hours sleep in the middle of the day and 12 hours at night. I also read the warnings about Thyroid tumors and cancer in bold print. NO THANK YOU. Any one who stays on this drug long term may be very sorry in the end. I 'm done, I don 't want cancer and although I did enjoy the sleep, I have to function and work, raise a child. Be warned.
I took Actos 45 mg for about 2 years an had swelling in my legs and muscle pain as side effects. Actos did bring my HbA1C down to 5.9 so it was great for blood sugar control but the side effects just got to be to much to handle. I tried switching to glucophage during that time but could not tolerate it due to stomach problems. My doctor is now switching me to glipizide and we 'll see how that goes.
I have been using Lysteda for the last six months.  It worked great the first 3 months.  But the fourth month I started having horrible lower back pain, the cramps came back but the flow was still light.  However, the last two months, my cycle came within 2 weeks and I have my cycle again.  According to the dosage and usage, I am unsure if taking it more than 5 days is recommended.  I had my cycle for 5 days, it stopped for 1 day and started back up.  Tried contacting my GYN but couldn 't.
I 'm a 32 year old male and I 've been taking buspar for about 10 months. At first it did nothing but make my anxiety worse. I would wake up with to full blown panic attacks and have the worse nightmares ever. However I 'm now taking 40mg of citaloptam a day mixed with the buspar 15mg and 1mg of xanax twice a day. And Zanax! I have  insomnia mixed with with deep anxiety issues. The problem that I have is the buspar makes me so fat! I 'm literally considering stop taking it and just see of the other meds can help. Buspar Alone is no  substitution for anxiety drug and wouldn 't recommend it...
Just didn 't do much for me at all. Finally I switched to another SSRI and the difference is so huge!  Don 't be afraid to try another if it 's just not working. I really, really wish I had done it sooner.
I 've been on Lexapro for 2 years. Just recently switched to Effexor and Klonopin. Lexapro never really did much for me. At first, after the 2-week adjustment to the medicine which was hell, I thought it worked. But it may have just been placebo more than the medicine. Had multiple serious near life-changing anxiety attacks while on Lexapro which is why I switched. I couldn 't be happier for switching. If you have anxiety, don 't waste your time with an SSRI. Also, I 've stopped taking lexapro multiple times. It 's not too hard, you get aggravated at everything for a few days, the brain shocks aren 't nearly as bad as people say they are.
I started taking Antabuse to try and short circuit my inability to resist picking up at the drop of a hat.I now had to wait two weeks and ,more often than not, would decide,  not to drink after all. So , for me, its been effective.Reading these reviews, I 've learned a lot about  side effects, that I never would have connected to my taking Antabuse                                                                        I never knew that Antabuse had any sexual side effects, until now.This is a concern to me. Drowsiness, tiredness, tingling in my feet, are further side effects.These reviews have been very educating.My five years on Antabuse are over, for sure.
I have been on apri for a year and was recently put on another then forced back do to a recall, I was so sad to be put back on apri. While off for 2 months, my weight had gone down, and sex drive went back to normal, and I head energy again. now back on for not even a month and everything is getting messed up again. It 's not the pills fault, but you may notice weight gain, feel sluggish, and a lower sex drive if your body reacts to this the same way I do. :( it 's time to figure out something else.... My body and relationship can 't go thu this again.
I can not take pills so I decided to try the Nuva ring . I started to use it and a few hours after having it in I got sick ... Overly sick ... I have been up all night puking and I still am puking . Maybe it 's just me but I don 't like it so far ...
I started taking Yaz about six months ago and I 'm not too thrilled. One of the worst things that happened while I was on it was when I had an emotional break down at work. I started crying, hysterically, because my boss asked me to pick up a piece of trash...seriously. I experience the worst mood wings and I 'm starting to feel extremely depressed. The good thing about this pill is that it did shorten my period to about three days and the bleeding is very light. That 's about where the good things end.My boyfriend, family, and friends have told me that I have turned really nasty these past few months. I 'm usually a really laid back person but Yaz has changed me. I can 't wait to try out a different form of birth control.
I used this most of my childhood and it didn 't really work.
i have had implanon in for 19 months now. i have lost all sex drive at the age of 22. My periods last for months on end. Currently i 've been bleeding for 21 days now. The longest period lasted for 6 weeks. When i presented this prob to my doc he prescribed me loestrin 21 birth control pills for 2 months in addition to the already implanted implanon. I have been experiencing major depression issues but i won 't blame implanon for that i 'll see if things change once i get it removed which will b very soon. It 's just not the birth control for me. I have tried to get it removed twice before but my docs always convince me to stick it out that they symptoms may change but they never do.
I had Mirena for nearly a year. Had it removed yesterday after becoming increasingly anxious and easily irritated. Had severe headaches since 2 months after insertion. I have lost all sex drive. I also started having acne problems and never have before. Hopefully I will return to my old self soon. Mirena wasn 't for me.
Helped with crohns but gave me acne and increased tinnitus
OMG! I have used the ovule before with no reaction but this time I have been miserable! I inserted the ovule about 3 hours ago and now I am having some intense itching and the anti-itch cream that came with it is not relieving anything.  Needless to say, I don 't think I will be using this product again
When I first started taking it, it helped me immensely with my ADHD. Pretty quickly, however, it stopped working. For one thing, it gives me crazy mood swings. It really amps me up at first, and I get super euphoric and happy for two hours, and then I feel awful and anxious and depressed. It actually potentiates my ADHD symptoms. It makes me extremely thirsty all the time, so I keep having to leave class to go use the bathroom or fill up my water bottle.Adderall makes it harder for me to appreciate the beauty of nature. I feel less in touch with my emotions when I take it.I understand that Adderall helps people a lot of the time, so it 's worth a shot. But it didn 't help me AT ALL. In fact, it probably made things worse.
Overall it does what I need it do. Prevents pregnancy!! Although the mood swings I get from this birth control has pretty much ruined my relationship. I constantly get headaches, anxiety, nervousness, nausea, emotional as heck  and did I mention the mood swings!!? That 's the worst thing about it..one day I 'm happy as can be the next I 'd rather I 'm a mess on a half . I was on the IUD for 5 years and I never had these side effects. Although when it came time to come out of grew into me and that was a mess..then I turn to these pills for the past year its been horrible except that I haven 't had an unwanted pregnancy. Your damned if you do and damned if you don 't!! I have one more month to go. Suggestions??
I 've recently started taking Zoloft 25mg for my anxiety and panic attacks. I 've suffered from anxiety since 10 grade in high school and I am now 21. I 've tried many other anxiety meds and they made it worse. I found Ativan helped me the most however my doctor doesn 't want me to have it because it is addictive and she wants me on something every day. So, I 've been on Zoloft for 4 days now. I know it takes 2-4 weeks or more for me to be able to feel the full effects. I am experiencing nausea, stomach pain, diarrhea, hot flashes, and being kind of out of it. I know these side effects will eventually go away but my worry is how long? I already suffer from other stomach/digestion issues and it makes it hard.
Started this pill in Apr 2016 it was okay at first, periods became lighter, the cramps were unbearable. Very moody, tired,headaches, dry skin, and now four months in my period was late. When it finally came it has been going on two weeks. Not to mention my face started to swell my lips and hands were swelling up and having difficulty breathing. I just threw the medicine in the trash. Will not take it anymore.
I still have to take Advil, or Aleve in addition to Celebrex.
No change in urinary frequency or urgency.
My A1c was 13.9 and I was Prescribed Januvia 100mg Tab 34 Days ago &amp; my A1c is now a 9.6. I have noticed a Change of my Health since starting Januvia. I 'm experiencing Severe Painful Muscle Spasms to both Legs to Feet, Numbness to Right Arm &amp; Hand, Slight Abdominal Pains, Urination is every 5 Minutes and Bowel Movements are 3 Times/Day &amp; a Slight Pain in Lower Back is Constant. Typing the Keyboard on my Laptop is a Challenge because both Hands and Arms are shaking, 2 hrs to type this Review correctly is a Challenge. Only 34 Januvia Pills later I 'm feeling these affects that were not Normal 34 Days ago. My Blood Pressure Meds have been Raised from 10mg to 30mg after 15yrs on 10mg Dosage. Doc said, Keep taking Januvia, Have to get A1c to a 5.
I found that it made me very tired and was not very useful.
I am 21, no kids. On my period I came in to my OBGYN and she numbed me up on the inside and proceeded with the process. I will tell you right now, It was the MOST painful 15 seconds I have experienced. It felt like your worst period cramp x15. When she was done the pain dulled but never completely left. I had bad cramps for days. Along with cramps I had diahrrea for the rest of the day and bleeding for the next 3 weeks. The only thing that stopped the bleeding was more birth control! Cramps are severe and haven 't stopped in the 2 months, and get as bad as the insertion feeling. My nipples are so painful! I have to wear a bra 24/7 to stop the pain! Worst part? Sex has become VERY painful. Had an ultrasound, everything is &quot;perfect.&quot; Not for everyone!
In 2000, my mother suffered persistent diarrhea with this medicine, could not get rid of it until the medicine was stopped. My mother-in-law had the same problem this year.  She also had delusions and paranoia, which have been almost eliminated by a medicine she started a month ago, Risperdone.  If you try Risperdone, start with lowest dose, it makes her very sleepy and a side effect is depressed heart rate, can be dangerous. It also stimulates appetite, which was good for Mom, she was losing 1-2 pounds per week but the doctor cautioned against excess weight gain and concerns regarding diabetes.  We 're going to try 100 mg niacin, I 've read that it can help cognitive function.  Even when they don 't know your name, they know when they are loved.  Show them.
I tried Yaz for over a year for PMDD; it did not relieve my symptoms and may have induced migraines.  It kept periods short and my skin clear though. 
I have almost completed my 2nd 3 month round and will not get another shot. I have to work hard and eat right just to keep from gaining even more weight it 's very hard to lose. I developed acne I never had before. Recently I have been getting daily Charlie horses in my vagina very painful. Very dry have to use lubricant every time and almost no sex drive at all. Already had painful sex before but this has made it worse. The only good thing is only having to remember it every 3 months.
I was put on this medicine for migraines a few years ago and had to get off of it quickly. It made my chest so tight--I felt like everything was in slow motion and my heart couldn 't beat normally! Very scary...maybe it was an allergic reaction, though! I 've heard it works for some people with migraines!
I am 69, insulin diabetic, ileostomate for UC over 30 years, stage 3 ckd, my insurance company sent me letter discontinuing valsartan 160 (took 2x day with hctz 13.5 and coreg. I also take 100 mcg of synthroid.My doctor gave samples of edarbi 80. and fatigue, sleepiness weight gain, blurry vision worsened in the past three weeks. My insurance only allows one dose a day of edarbi and has informed me that since I am low income that my copay will not increase so I am not planning to reduce edarbi or spread it out. I sometimes delay taking my once a day dose for up to sixteen hours due to low bp and when it does rise the systolic takes longer to come down on edarbi than on valsartan.  I take K supplements.
I started this in June 2015. My purpose is to help with perimenopause symptoms. 5 weeks were good no bleeding. Now I am bleeding for the next 5 weeks daily...with clots sometimes. Was trying for the hormone to alleviate cycle anxiety attacks. Still get those too like clockwork. Going to try an iud next. 
This cream worked really good and started clearing my face in a week or two. But now, anytime I go outside and have ANY sun contact, my face burns, gets blotchy and looks swollen. I hate it, I have to stay inside all day if I apply it.
Before I got this I had regular periods. I am 5 '4 and weigh 100lb, I gained 15lbs on this,but I needed to gain weight anyways.It was very easy to put in. I wasn 't on my period at that time so I didn 't get my period for the next 3 weeks and I thought this was awesome. A week later I got my period and it was heavy most days and then light but it didn 't go away for about 6 months which is usual. I was off my period for about 2 weeks and had spotting during that, but after the 2 weeks I got my period and I had it for I don 't even know how long but months straight! I didn 't want to get it out but I had no choice and got it out my doctor said this was because of stress and not sleeping but my gyno said this happens to many people
I was on Yasmin for over a year and I switched to Gianvi. I 've been taking it now for 2 weeks and my appetite has increased like no other but my weight hasn 't changed. I eat and 20 minutes later I 'm starving again. This will go on all day. My sex drive has increased and no changes in my complexion yet. Anyone else experience this?
Kept me awake. Didn 't help much with pain.
I was prescribed Zyprexa to treat my Obsessive Compulsive Disorder.  I will say that my OCD behaviors were considerably helped, but the side effects were far too great for me.  Thankfully I 'm a teacher and it was summer vacation because I couldn 't wake up before 1pm (granted, I do tend to sleep late in the summer, but not that late), and when I could finally pull myself out of bed, all I would be able to do until around 7pm was lie on the couch with the posture of overcooked spaghetti, except when I was eating non-stop.  The cravings were insatiable.  I 've always been very thin, but in that one summer I gained around 20 pounds.  I had to switch medicines.
I have been on Xyrem for nearly 2 months now. I have been slowly increasing my doses and am currently on 4 grams 2xs/night (I 'm 30 and weight about 123lbs). I take 150 mg of Nuvigil during the day. I still have yet to wake up with this amazing &quot;refreshed&quot; feeling everyone discusses. 1 day I accidentally forgot my Nuvigil at home and was falling asleep driving to work, which happened before I was on any narcolepsy medications. I at least appreciate not falling asleep anymore but I don 't have any proof that Xyrem has contributed to it. I am close to giving up but will carry it out until I have tried the full 4.5 doses of Xyrem for a week or 2. Keep your fingers crossed for me because I am desperate to have a normal life.
Breo didn 't really do anything to help my asthma. On the bright side, there were no side effects.
I have been using Nexium for 10 years but not on daily basis, A 40mg would last me for 4 days before getting the symptoms again. It felt great and still feels great to get rid of that awful acidity. Causes for my GERD are eating habits, type of food (spicy, oily, sour, tea, sweets) also smoking is a major contributor. I couldn 't give up on my habits and use Nexium to avoid acidity.Recently there 's been strong debates against proton pump inhibitors (PPI) which Nexium is part of. Along with all the reviews against it and how it reduces bone density. A recent study says it can result in early death as PPI alters genes behavior. My advice, the full extent of side effects still not fully known avoid if you can.
40mg for Schizoaffective Disorder: Somewhat improved my paranoia, insomnia and intrusive thoughts. However it made my body feel extremely tense and agitated. I can hardly describe how horrendous this feeling was, like every cell in my body was screaming, like I needed to physically explode. I would try to pace around to relieve it, but nothing worked, and I felt exhausted at the same time, so I would lie down, but the feeling was unbearable so I would get right back up again. It was maddening. My pdoc gave me a beta blocker to make it go away, but that didn 't work. After a month on this med I just quit it cold turkey as I was terrified of it, felt like I could not handle one more night of feeling that way.
I 've been taking this for a few years and I have severe headaches often along with suffering with low back pain which is constant on my left side and nothing is soothing it. Laying down is excruciating and I 'm in the process of running test. This started about 4 months ago and I have been trying to deal with it and hope that it would eventually go away. It 's becoming unbearable.
I have had cold sore all my life, and usually get them 1-2 times a year until I found Abreva about 8 years ago.  It worked well for me, put it on a soon as i felt the tingle and the sore would never develop .  However the past three times that i had a cold sore it did not help at all.  the really weird thing is that the last three that i got came with no warning.  i would wake up in the morning and boom it is already on my lip and developing.  This one lasted for 8 days, i am planning to talk with my doc about something stronger.
Am having the runny nose, flu like symptoms, frequent urination and horrible diarrhea. This is the only change that has taken place. I left Flexeril and changed to this. 
I 've tried A LOT of cholesterol-lowering meds, but can 't usually tolerate them for more than a month. Unfortunately, Triplix gave me the same side effects--dizziness, digestive miseries, etc. It 's probably a wonderful drug for a lot of people, just not for me. I don 't know if it made a difference in my cholesterol levels.
I 'm currently struggling to drink this disgusting liquid and I 'm just ughhh. Its taste like a nasty lemonade with no sugar with each sip that I take I 'm gagging and trying not to throw up. I am however feeling a bubbling sensation in my stomach and I 've only taken 10 sips
Insurance required me to use Opana ER crush-resistant version!  Takes about 2 hrs. to take effect so I take hydrocodone/acetaminophen 10/325 with 1 Opana upon waking and together they last about 8 hours NEVER 12 hours!  then take 1 hydrocodone/acetaminophen about 4 pm then another hydrocodone/acetaminophen about 9 pm then 1 Opana at 11 pm.  I tried using Opana alone but couldn 't stand waiting IN PAIN for 2 hours before I could feel any relief!  Regular Oxycontin DID provide 12 hour relief without needing any vicodin for &quot;breakthrough pain&quot; but even with insurance it would cost $100/month.  Pain level with Opana AND vicodin still at about 5 but chronic pain after FIVE hip replacement surgeries - 2 on left hip, 3 on right, since 2008!!
I have very painful cramps, nausea, vomiting, the whole works. When I was younger, I 'd have to come home early from school because I took the Advil too late, or was scared to take it at all for fear it would make the pain worse or wouldn 't work at all. Sometimes it worked. Sometimes it didn 't. This is the case with all other pain medications I 've tried to lessen my period pain. As for my 375 mg, prescription Naproxen, I can say that it worked fabulously the first time I used it. But today is the third time (month) I 've used it and I 'm in not-to-be-snuffed-at pain. I 'm getting by with applied heat. I 'm at a loss for what I should do this month and the next month and the next.
I 've been using it about a month now and I 've noticed my skin actually getting worse. I 've seen no improvement. 
I have been on this pill for the past 5 years now. When I first began this pill I had no issues, it immediately regulated my period and decreased cramping and acne. However, over the past few years I have noticed an increase in negative side effects associated with this pill. I find myself to become randomly depressed, emotional and angry. I have little to no sex drive as well as terrible migraines during the week before my period. I have been prescribed 800mg ibuprofen for these migraines, as my gynecologist suggested it could be due to low estrogen levels and they don 't even help. I am considering changing pills due to the uncomfortable side effects.
I 'm 56 with dry eyes since my 20s. Eyes always red like I 've been crying. Been using moisture drops for 30 years. Had a reaction to the preservative in the drops, switched to preservative free Retain, only at Walgreens, $23 for 30 vials. Helpful, not a cure, used them 6 to 8 times/day. When waking, eyes were always painfully dry. Tried EVERYTHING.Last month I started on Xiidra. Helps a little, when I wake I actually make a bit of tears. Eyes are still very red and irritated. Taste no problem, burns/itches a few minutes after applying, but goes away. Still use moisture drops but not as often. Retail $585/mon, but Xiidra coupon for 1st mon free and $10/mon for as long as I use them. Wouldn 't use if had to pay full.
I feel all hung over, all day the next day, after I take just a 50 mg of trazadone.
I am 25 (2016) and got it inserted in December 2014. Insertion: a painful procedure for a tiny insertion. Followed by intense discomfort and pelvic pain, constant bleeding and pelvic and vaginal pain. Symptoms: first month or so nonstop bleeding, mood imbalance.3 months. Continued frequent bleeding weight gain of 5 pounds. 6 months gained 15 pounds 1.5 years gained 20 pounds ( vegan, fit although no weight loss or maintenance) Experienced depressive symptoms such as lack of excitement, happiness, and lack of interest in previously preferred activities, fatigue and lethargy. I WAS GIVEN AS A METHOD TO TREAT NOT ONLY MENNORAGIA BUT OVARIAN CYST PAIN. REMOVE AS THIS IS COUNTERINTUITIVE AS ONE OF THE RISK
My sleep problem is describe as: ease of falling asleep; extreme-difficulty staying asleep for more than three hours; however, mostly-pleasant dream occurences. I take Ambien occasionally in attempt to fully replenish my body 's energy-level. To not become dependent, on occassion I will try Rozerem. The problem then becomes, each time I take Rozerem, it causes me to sleep very lightly with what some may consider &quot;intense-Viagra Effect&quot;. It is only after I take some measure to resolve this effect that I then am able to obtain a deep sleep for about five hours; but this deep sleep is always accompanied by what I consider extremely unusual or unpleasant dreams.
My extended release pill, 30mg Vyvanse, only lasts for about 5 hours for me. My doctor prescribed a short acting pill, which was Dexedrine for doing my homework at night. Took 5mg and felt literally nothing after waiting an hour. Then took another 5mg (as my doctor said I might need). I did feel a lot less hyperactive, but almost to the point of sluggish. My concentration improved the tiniest bit, but not nearly as well compared to Vyvanse. This pill seems to work better at combating ADHD symptoms, but not really ADD symptoms. I would advise trying Vyvanse.
I used this medication 12 years ago (I am 37 now, so I was 25).   In 3 wks I gained 15lbs. My calves became very swollen and crampy and my memory began to go. I was a server at a popular restaurant.  I had regular customers and all of a sudden I couldn 't remember their orders (they ordered the same thing every week for a year)... I 'm certain it is from Ortho Evra. It took years to get those 15lbs off. It completely messed up my metabolism and my memory has never recovered... I have a 16yr old daughter who will never use the patch because of my experience.
It seems to have a marginal effect.
Was prescribed this for violent cough and bronchitis. Works for maybe an hour but I  cannot take this during the day because it makes me sooooo drowsy. I want to be able to take it more but I took one pill and almost slept for a straight 24 hours.
The first month I was on it, it went great. No side effects, 1-2 pounds weight gain (I watched my diet to the T so I knew the extra weight was from the pill) But it did not bother me too much. The second month was hell! I gained an extra 10 pounds within week one and mid of week three, I call my gyno and had to have my pill changed because I could not accept the 10 pound weight gain. She has switched me to Microgestin Fe 1/20 (generic of Loestrin 24), so we will see how that works out. I am not starting this new pill until I lose the weight I have gained from Tri-Sprintec. Before being on Tri-Sprintec I was on Yaz and that had not worked well for me either, major bloating!
I had Kyleena inserted 3 weeks ago. The procedure did not hurt me at all. I took ibuprofen prior to it. And my doctor gave me localized anesthesia. Upon leaving the office, I became extremely light-headed and had to sit down for a bit. I was ok for the rest of that day but the following two days I had cramps that were mildly painful and some dried period blood. For the next 10 days, I had some cramping and some brown discharge. Exactly two weeks after insertion I was very crampy and started bleeding and now have been bleeding for a week straight. Cramps come and go, and I 've been a mixture of constipated and have more than usual bowel movements. I 'm not sure this is worth it. Considering removal at follow-up appointment.
In the sense of clearing skin, yes it did amazing, Almost to good to be true. I honestly told everyone about it.I took it for 6 months,Later that year I self harmed for the first time, this continued for years after taking Accutane I 've suffered from depression, my weight starting changing dramatically I went from almost 200 to just just below 100 back up to 170 in a short amount of time. Around that time I was checked into an eating disorder center. The depression plus eating issues and lack of energy I looked for another way to be okay, I started on street drugs to control my depression, before Accutane I was such a happy guy, I know it 's discounted, and for good reason too I just thought people might be able to relate.
I 'm breastfeeding. Just used one day I had stomach pain after an hour and headache after 3 hrs
I 'm having a very severe nasal congestion from a cold. My normal DayQuil/NyQuil were not helping at all. Tried Sudafed, also did not help. Went to chemist in search of powerful medication and got the highest dosage of Mucinex D at the pharmacist 's recommendation. Was warned about possible insomnia so I took 1 pill at 5pm thinking it 's still more than 5 hours to bed time and I should be fine. Well, the congestion was gone. But I was up for the next 28 hours straight. The congestion returned after about 15 hours which makes me think the medicines effect must have worn off and I can take a nap. But no. After being up for 28 hours I decided that if I 'm not getting any rest I may never get over my cold so I took a sleeping pill.
I 've been on the generic of Alesse called Alesyna for about 3 years. I put on over 20 pounds with this BC going from 107-130. I have terrible anxiety and extreme exhaustion. For preventing pregnancy, it worked, but I did NOT enjoy gaining so much weight.
Definitely would NOT take this again.I experienced headache, dizziness, stomach pain, diarrhea, muscle pain, tingling in my limbs, I was so weak. I really thought something was wrong, and it just so happened all this started when I took the first pill! I am definitely sticking to my ciprofloxacin!I know everyone 's different, goodluck to the ones that do take it :/
+1000 to all the other ladies with fire ants currently residing in their nether regions. I 've been battling a yeast infection for a month and on the recommendation of my doctors office am trying monostat 7 for the first time. Five minutes after inserting it I literally leaped from my bed, ran to my bathroom, and started itching my vagina like a mad woman. It 's the most gutteral instinct I 've ever had. Thanks to these reviews though I 'm gutting it out with my teeth grinding and laying flat in bed praying for the fire to die down. Godspeed to all of you. I hope days two and three aren 't this bad...
I got Liletta inserted in Dec 2015 after being on problem free (for me at least) NuvaRing for 9 years but wanted less estrogen in my BC.I&rsquo;m 27yo, 5&rsquo;1&rdquo;, approx 115 pounds, half marathoner. Pros: No weight gain, stopped periodsCons: daily headaches, chronic yeast infections (11 months!),  diagnosed w/chronic migraines, severe anxiety, panic attacks, and  brain fog so severe for over a month that Drs thought I was having seizures in my sleep/tumor/MS/etc. , strings made for occasional painful sex for my SOI saw my GP last week who is convinced Liletta has caused my issues. Had my GYN remove it 19Jun17 and fingers crossed I feel like myself soon
Didn 't really help at all with my gas
I have not yet seen much changes in my disease, but I have had a lot of side effects from this medicine.
I only used Nuvaring for 8 days. I didn 't have cramping or anything but in the first 5 days I gained 5 lbs despite exercising 5 days per week.  I also started salivating a lot more (on the verge of drooling), had a much increased appetite, was nauseous, and on the day I decided to remove it, I was very dizzy for most of the day, nauseous, and had a headache. I think I 'll be going with a copper IUD.
Nexplanon started off great but after about 6 months, it was the worst decision I had made. I tried to ride it out because I thought it would get better but it never did. My periods last almost 3 weeks with heavy bleeding the entire time, and constant moodiness and fatigue. I am scheduling an appointment to get it removed!!!
My cycles are regulated now which is nice but the part that is driving me crazy is my nipples hurt so bad around the same time every month. I feel nausea, heartburn, same symptoms as a pregnancy. I am going to use for one more month and if it doesn 't go away. I am switching.
After taking complera for 5 years, switched to triumec a lil over a month ago. Right after the first month, Viral load undetectable and T-cell count unknown. Doctor did not check my T- cell count; i did not like that. The side effects are terrible, my heart beat fast, red face, high irritability, jaw stiffness/pain, aweful headache, insomnia. In general feeling highly intoxicated. Can 't deal with it.
Took pill on Sept 15, 48hrs after unprotected intercourse. 2 negative pregnancy tests and 20 days later still no period. A bit concerned seeing doctor tomorrow for blood test pregnancy test.
This pill certainly works for birth control and my periods are significantly lighter and shorter, but the acne on my face worsened and I suddenly had back acne as well. I had to get another prescription for acne medicine to get that under control.
Have been on Diamox X 3 weeks. Started on 250mg bid for one week, then increased to 750mg X 1 week, then increased to 500mg bid for total complete dose of 1000 MG a day. Numbness and tingling of hands and feet started almost immediately after 1st dose. With the increase to 750mg, (500mg in am and 250mg in afternoon ) I started getting horrible knee pain in both knees. I still have pulsing sound in Right ear. Constant, remains unchanged. Optic disks and papilledema and retinal damage due to IIH. Have not seen any changes or benefits due to this medication at this time. The side effects are rough.  I was told by neurologist my body would automatically adjust over time to the side effects.  Not sure how much longer I can continue on the med.
I was on depo provera from the ages of 15-18. Pros: not pregnant, no periods at all. Cons: I gained 40 pounds. I couldn 't get lubricated for sex very easily. My breasts lost sensitivity. When coming off of depo provera (in hopes to stop steadily gaining weight) I had sexual dreams where I would actually orgasm and they were so painful I would wake up. It felt like my uterus was being crushed and this pain would last anywhere from 15 minutes to an hour. When I told my doctor of this problem she looked at me like I was crazy... The benefits do not make up for the horrible side effects I experienced. Not recommended.
After being diagnosed with a UTI, I was given macrobid 100mg 2xday. The first day was fine. On the second day, I noticed a lot of stomach pain after taking each dose. On the 3rd day, I woke up with a headache, abdominal pain, and a weak and ill feeling. I called my doctor to see if i could get switched to another medication. I felt ill, foggy headed and anxious the rest of that day. I did not like this medication and won 't take it again.
Apri was the very first birth control pill prescribed to me. My skin cleared up to the point of being a little dry and my periods were light and regular. However, I started passing large clots during the placebo week, which were very painful. I also gained about 5-7 pounds and I could have been imagining it, but I thought my legs started feeling funny at night. I stopped taking this pill after 4 months and am now on a different brand I am very happy with.
Side effect - cough all the time.
Made me very dizzy and lightheaded.
Have been taking T3 or T4 for post-surgery pain.  Have discovered that as long as I take either one, my pain persists but once I stop MY PAIN GOES AWAY!  Also found that NSAIDs increase the pain (had basal joint replacements in both thumbs).  But I do have to say that both Ts are effective for my hip bursitis; just not worth the thumb pain when I take it.  Hoping the MD can give me something for my hip that won 't impact my thumbs...
I have been on Uloric for the past 18 months. I have taken a pill every day (80mg) with colchicine. Unfortunately my attacks have become more frequent and more severe. My doctor keeps saying I will get better, but I am running out of patience and plan to go to a different doctor and possibly a  different drug. I need an honest second opinion, it does not help that my Rheumatologist is closing his practice due to an impending lawsuit.
Didn 't do anything but make me tired.. started at 15mg and went all the way up to 60mg with no improvement.
I am on 15 mg and take it up to two hours before bedtime.  I took it at 9:30 tonight and it 's 12:16 now and I 'm still awake.  I lay in bed for 2 1/2 hours.
I have been on Nexplanon for a few months now and I either have a 2 week long period, a one week long period that is followed by a few weeks of spotting, or I have a 2 week long period followed by two to three days without bleeding at all then spotting followed by two more weeks of a period. I have not been able to have sex because I am always bleeding or spotting. I have no idea if this birth control works for me because I haven 't been able to have sex and try it out. Everyone is different though, I have had friends with the same problem as me and friends that do not bleed at all. You will never know what will happen until you try it. I have not gained weight so that is a plus.
I had TERRIBLE PMS on this pill.  My cramps and back pain were unbearable, even though it didn 't last long.  I could have eaten 10000 lbs of chocolate during PMS as well.  I was on my period for about two weeks a month while I took this.  I would start in week 3 and bleed very heavy for 5 days, then light and thick for the next 9 days.  I had to get off.  I did not experience mood swings on it though, that was the good thing...but about the only good thing.
I 've been on Rifampin for one month and I 've had all sorts of side effects. Some days I 'm fine, other days not so much. At night I break out in sweats, I got thrush so I had to take medicine for that. I go to doctor in a couple of days and I need to find out if I can stop it. I don 't want to go through this for 3  more months.
I have been taking Latuda for schizoaffective for the past 14 months. I have been sleeping like a baby and have no delusions what so ever. BUTI have been very addicted to temptations. I have been drinking a lot more than usual and I gained a total of 20kg in these 14 months. My lifestyle is not helping either. I just feel empty, careless, disorganized and unhappy. I do not have motivation to even wash the dishes or dress up like I used to. I am ready to switch to another medication but this med is good for delusions. One of the severe side effects that I have experiences is I have been talking to myself. Repeating my thoughts out loud all day everyday.
I was on NuvaRing for 4 months before I decided to go off it. The best part was that it made me lose all of the water weight I had gained on another type of birth control. However, within a few days of inserting the ring, I noticed a HUGE change in my moods. I would feel angry for no reason (like PMS) all throughout the month, I would cry at the drop of a hat, and I started feeling anxious 24/7. My husband could also feel the ring when we had sex, so I would take it out and then put it back in later which can get annoying. I also experience a lot more discharge than normal. NuvaRing is NOT for me.
I have had the Skyla IUD for a full year now. When I first had it inserted, I basically felt very extreme sharp cramps. I became very nauseous and had to wait at the doctors office before returning home. I was in a lot of pain and the rest of the day I just felt sore. The pain continued for about 3 weeks so I had to take a lot of ibuprofen. After awhile, the pain was less frequent but I experienced somewhat heavy spotting for months. Eventually the pain and the bleeding was less frequent, only occurring when it was my period. However the spotting is quite consistent (even still) and when it 's not spotting I have a brownish discharge. Basically, I always have to wear a liner or light tampon. And I occasionally experience cramping still.
Pill sticks in throat everytime. horrible medication.
I could not tell a difference in myself while taking this medication . To me, a major side effect was hair loss.
I had copper T before having  Mirena inserted. With the Copper T I had the worst experience of abnormal bleeding, cramping and lower abdominal pain for 3 months.  My gyno advised me to switch to Mirena. After reviewing a lot I decided I should give it a try and it was inserted on 19th Feb 2016, since then a little cramping and bleeding but not heavy.  I 'm still waiting at least for a month to see if things works for me.Anyone can give it a try women bodies are different after all.
My doctor prescribed Lo Loestrin Fe to help alleviate the perimenopause symptomps I was experiencing (long, heavy, frequent periods, and bad cramping). After taking it for 3 months, the Lo Lestrin Fe did shorten the length of my period by a couple days, but it did not lighten it at all, I had heavy bleeding mid-cyle (much heavier than spotting), and I still had bad cramping. Additionally, I started having very bad acne (I have not had a pimple in about 30 years so it was alarming that I suddenly had 5-8 large painful cystic pimples on my face at all times during the 3 months I took these pills). I also quickly gained a lot of fat around my waist &amp; abdominal area, gained 4 pounds in 3 months and my weight had been steady for about 5 years.
I 'm a Brazilian boy, 21yrs old and i suffer from mild depression and GAD.Effexor was the holy grail for my HUGE anxiety, unfortunely it came along with sexual problems.My doc said Luvox had a lower chance of having these kind of side effects. Its been a month since I switched to it and i felt nothing but a 70% return in my anxiety using half of the maximum daily dosage.Still cant ejaculate neither have the same libido as i used to.
I have been talking doxycycline for 3 days,  it clears up my sinus infection, but I have a really hard time sleeping and it makes me really cranky!!
I loved this birth control at first. I never had any side effects at all and then when I moved, I had to switch brands because my pharmacy didn 't carry it. That brand was fine too but then I ended up moving again and got switched back over to this. Ever since the switch (it 's been almost 8 months now), I have felt terrible. I get depressed and moody easily and I have completely lost my sex drive. When I do try to have sex with my boyfriend, it takes an extremely long time to get me aroused and we end up having to use lube every time. It 's also made me gain about 10 pounds. Basically the only upside I 've had to being on this pill is that I 've gone from a B to a D. 
So I had the nexplanon in for 7 months now.Im considering taking it out only because of the bleeding ,fatigue,head fogs,dizziness,depression,weight lost,Low sex drive,Vagina dryness,Vagina odor,Forgetfulness  etc. I went from 129 pounds to 123 pounds in 7 months. The bleeding was crazy for the last 6 months.I use to have a lot of spotting but that stop after the 5th or 4th month.Before using nexplanon my period was 3 days long but from 1st to the 6th months in it became 2 weeks long.Now that i 'm 7th months in it has became a week long.I have high tolerance so I don 't let most of these side effects bother me so that is probably why I haven 't taken the nexplanon out.I 'm scared to try an other birthcontrol methods.
Well I not pregnant but this pill has killed my sex drive. I had no prior problems with being &quot;turned on&quot; now there 's nothing and sex  is just painful now. Also pretty sure it 's the reason I 've been having constant yeast infections for months now.
I am 18 years old and I 've been on the since I was 15, two months before my sixteenth birthday. I have done loads of research on this shot and after taking it this long  and reading everyone 's complaints, I have reached a final conclusion that this shot has deteriorated my health tremendously. I have always had problems with feeling depressed but ever since I got on this shot I 've been feeling so horribly suicidal and anxious, my mood has been affected so badly too. I am always stressed or not really sure about what or how I feel. I have really bad abdominal pain, and not to mention the worse headaches and dizziness of my life. I am constantly dizzy and fatigued and i gained lots of weight. It prevents pregnancy yes, but not worth it.
I 've tried so many pills, and this one is another flop for me. Still get awful cramps, period isn 't regulated, and the worst part of this one, for me, is that I have gained nearly 10 pounds. I work out 6-7 days per week, am training for a marathon, and still have felt bloated and flabby on this pill. It 's incredibly disheartening and frustrating.
Had to stop taking this after day 4 of 7. First time I was prescribed this. I am Allergic to sulfa antibiotics and usually have good results with amoxicillin with no side effects. This drug Gave me headaches, made me tired and experienced the most severe gas pains in my abdomen I 've ever had for hours each day. Did help clear the UTI after a few days though.  Hopefully 4 days was enough to keep UTI away.
I was prescribed this medicine after they ran out of options as to what it could be. I only took 2 of the five pills prescribed to me. Yes I know that 's bad but my throat and other symptoms cleared up and I couldn 't handle the stomach problems this caused me. Terrible diarrhea and cramps, constant nausea.
Bystolic reduced the blood pressure, but it comes with the price. Chaotic sleep, low energy level, loss of interest in the previously enjoyed activities, and a substantial weight gain  Weening down from the whole pill to a half, and looking for natural ways to reduce my BP.
Hate this medication.  I 've been on it so far for 4 days, and it makes me feel stoned/drunk, and takes away my ability to focus and concentrate. I can 't wait to get off of it.  Everyone reacts differently to medication, and I hope, other people don 't have to go through the same side effects as I am currently battling.
I felt like it didn 't really work? I mean I had a lot of clumpy, cottage cheese like discharge but it went down a bit. I still feel like I have a yeast infection.  I 'm 18 and this is my first time using miconazole cream, but my vagina feels icky and my discharge feels oily?? Like its not sticky and its kinda clumpy. Help?
I have suffered from IBS Constipation/Diarrhea for as long as I can remember. I took this medicine for a year and a half along with Dycyclomine. It seemed to work for a couple months but then the symptoms came back. I consider myself a very active woman, working out at least 5 days a week, yoga, clean eating... I noticed as soon as I started taking the medicine I gained 10 pounds, lost all of energy and had severe muscle and joint aching. I continued the medicine and went back to the doctor with questions. Recently I had an episode and I received a full abdominal ultrasound. Everything normal but full of gas that would not move. I decided to stop the meds and a week later all the side effects are gone.
I take about 6 x 30mg morphine and it does nothing. The best thing I have ever found for severe back pain is 30mg Percocet. By far best thing out there.
I 've been on Lamictal for a couple of months now, only up to 100mg, but I just stopped taking it due to the severe headaches I 've been getting from it. Just a heads-up as one of the potential side effects.
I have had HIV since Nov.2002 I was taking Viread and Triziver and my Doctor decided to put me on Triumeq back in July 2015 I have been having almost all the side affects, I wish I have never started taking this and just stayed on my old meds because they were doing great for me!
Was prescribed Nucynta for back pain after informing the doctor of my weird reactions to various medications.  The first 100mg dose I took threw me into a near panic attack and caused some crazy depersonalization and audible hallucinations. I ended up sleeping for nearly two days after that dose.
20, female. I 've been taking 100mg for 18 months I feel a lot better than what I did in regards to my depression but I feel nauseous 70% of the time and if I accidentally forget a pill I feel absolutely awful. Bizarre dreams, incredibly tired, diarrhea and paresthesia. I 'm afraid to stop taking it for good because of what it does to me, something I 'll be discussing with my doctor.
Increasing dose from 150mg to 300mg daily stopped suicidal ideation, but did not improve anhedonia. Increased dose associated with onset of hemidyskinesia, which diminished on lowered dosage and resolved completely when drug stopped.
I have been taking Cymbalta for several years, having my dose upped slowly to a total of 90mg taken throughout the day.  30mg in the morning and 60mg at bedtime and even with the increases I have not had ANY pain relief that I have noticed from before I started taking the Cymbalta.  I can say though that it has somewhat helped me with some depression that I had begun to have due to the fibromyalgia.
Every side effect listed was experienced by me to the point that I could not sleep.  The horrid taste in my mouth, joint pain, backache, nausea, severe headache and urinary hesitation.  Avoid this medication.
I got the Liletta a year ago after a miscarriage. The insertion wasn 't horrible, but I could feel it afterwards for a while. I lost my sex drive and now I very seldom have the urge to have sex or to be touched. I have gained 24 lbs in the past year but am more active then I have been in years- I walk more and move around not just sit around and drive all the time. I am the biggest that I have been ever! I have different symptoms before my cycle (which is just spotting for a couple days) but I will have a dull achy back pain, stomach and intestines have started to burn, and I feel major flutters in my lower abdomen for about a week before it starts. I don 't think I like it very much, not pregnant that I know of. Just always feel like crap...
I was so excited about this new drug.  I gained about 20 pounds after my 2nd child then an extra 20 from Viibryd. My insurance didn 't cover it but the Dr gave me free samples. The first week was hell for me. I felt like I was pregnant all over again. Horrible fatigue, super nauseous and my emotions we 're off. I felt like I was going to having panic attacks. The fatigue was the worst! After day 6 I 'm quitting.
Works well at lowering lipids when combined with Niaspan. Had to discontinue because of cognitive disorders and severe muscle pain. No rhabdo, however.
I have whole body RSD. My doctor prescribed Topamax for Vulvodynia. It helped by lowering that specific pain from a 9 to a 7. However after a week I started having bad headaches, blurred vision and blisters in my mouth and nose. I was taking 100mg 2 x day.
I have been on this medicine for about 4 months and its been rough. I have gained weight, have severe joint pain, swelling, and now having headaches. I have also pain or feeling of swelling behind my eyes. I really dont want to take this for 5 years!!!!Going to the doctor in march --hoping there is something different to take.
I started this in August it broke my face out terribly I play college soccer and was extremely sun burned all season it is now November and my face hasn 't improved much at all.
Doesn 't seem to do much for chronic diarrhea and/or upset stomach/IBS symptoms.
I am so glad to see I 'm not the only one who had a bad experience with this! I was also switched from neocon, and made to feel crazy when I told the pharmacist this did not feel the same as the neocon. I experienced a lot of nausea, sometimes waking me up in the middle of the night. Headaches, dizziness. Really painful period, weight fluctuation, terrible mood swings. Increased vaginal discharge. Neocon was certainly better. I just switched to aviane, thankfully a new doctors office was able to help me do so. I 've been in aviane before and it was worlds better.
I took Topamax for 12 years as a mood stabilizer for Bipolar 1 disorder. It is a GREAT mood stabilizer and I used to be quite heavy and I lost 100 pounds in around 6 months (yes you read that right!). The bad part was HORRIBLE side effects. Constant itching in the summer. I developed a 9mm kidney stone when I had no prior history. I developed a blood disorder (something acidosis, was told this was a rare side effect, but that was why I stopped taking it. However, if I could go back in time would I still take it? You bet! One of the best mood stabilizers I 've ever been on. Just make sure you EAT when taking it, it makes you not want to eat.
The doctor tried this to help with depression and bipolar disorder.  It caused more anxiety and didn 't work well at all.  Only stayed on it 2 weeks and couldn 't take it anymore.
Using 10 mg/night for the last two months - it works okay but side effects include low libido, and a very noticeable reduction in endurance and muscle strength. As a distance runner - age 50 my performance is severely impacted running and in bed. Going to ask my Doctor to try something else.
Puerperal Psychosis: Made me incredibly hungry and then not even remember eating things!  One time I ate 7 doughnuts in one night - I only know this because I found the empty packet the next morning.  I have no memory of eating them.  I put a lot of weight on doing this.
Horrible side effects, gave me acne, a lot of bloating, nauseous, migraine and water retention. I gain 10 pounds using it. I don 't recommend it.
The side effects were terrible. The first day my heart was racing so fast, I had dry mouth, headache, chills, sweating, and woke up every hour after falling asleep at 10pm. I usually sleep through the night. The 2nd day of taking Strattera my eyes were dilated and my husband said my eyes looked weird. I thought I would sleep better since I took the medicine in the morning but I was wrong. Fell asleep at 10pm, woke up sweating with a fast pulse...really fast. Woke up every 2 hours. Just terrible. The 2 days I took it I had energy to do tasks around the house but the side effects of not sleeping and my eyes dilating were too much. Plus my heart rate was all over the place.
Okay so I just had a c section 6 days ago and hadn 't had a good poop since then....I went to go and iI couldn 't, realizing that it was a huge baseball sized impacted turd, Prarie doggin out my bum. Well It hurt and I couldn 't do the pain so I called my doctor and she told me to get some dulco lax suppositories. ...I did..and first thing I noticed was the rectal burning. .felt like someone shoved a jalape&ntilde;o up there sideways then I felt it working and rushed to the potty...what happened next is that of my nightmares....it didn 't soften the poop or give me diarrea like I had hoped it would. ..it just maDE my rectal and stomach muscles contract involuntarily to push it out. It came out alright, but it wasn 't soft or gentle AT ALL. NEVER AGAIN!
I 'm 20 with no kids and thought paragard would be the best option since I don 't do well with hormones. I usually take pain pretty well but this hurt so bad. Even though it was only for a couple minutes, it was the worst pain I 've ever felt down there. My doctor put it in and I had an ultrasound right after to make sure it was in the right place. Of course the arms didn 't open up, and the IUD had to be taken out and another one needed to be put it in. It was horrible!! The second one was even worse than the first and took about 8 minutes to get in correctly. A month later I had another ultrasound and the IUD had moved into my cervix and needed to be taken out. I really wanted this to work. I 'm now looking into skyla.
I have had Implanon since March of 2010. I experienced a lot of pain in the first few weeks, as well as constant bleeding. I get my period for 3 weeks straight it seems, and I have a week to a week and a half break. I kept telling myself that I would give it time; however with all of this &quot;time&quot;, as it is now October, I am ready to relieve myself of Implanon. Yes, it is convenient that I do not have to take a pill or receive a shot; however it is not worth the constant bleeding, and pains, and headaches. Everyone is different, but I have decided Implanon is not for me.
I didn 't notice any side effects with Errin until I was on it for about 5 months. That 's when I realized I was depressed. Cried at the drop of a hat and for no reason, got upset/angry at things that I normally wouldn 't think twice about, etc. I didn 't know what was causing this but decided to go off the pill to see if that would help. Within a couple weeks, I was back to my old self. I also didn 't realize it at the time, but Errin seriously lowered my sex drive.
I have been on this brand not a whole yr now and I have experienced mood changes and my sex drive is down the drain. The thought of sex is not appealing at all. I have noticed when I take the pill at night before bed I instantly have cravings but luckily I 'm able to control it to avoid weight gain. The only best thing from this experience is not getting pregnant which I have no sex drive like I 'd mentioned. In my opinion no birth control is perfect or good for you physically or mentally but we all need something to help to avoid pregnancy.
I 'm 28 and have been on Loestrin 24 for 6 months and I 'm getting off it. I expected some side effects with Birth Control but I can 't take this. I get CRAZY mood swings, I 've gained weight and I 've lost my sex drive. Also, I haven 't had a period in 6 months, not even spotting. Been on Yaz and Ortho before and can 't remember side effects being like this. 
Lyrica put me into a more restful sleep. Waking up at  5:30am for work is very difficult on this medication and I feel fatigued still throughout the day. I still ache from my fibromyaliga on this medication. I can 't remember how long I was on this medication. I went off it and started taking Savella. Savella took care of the pain from the condition but now I 'm having side effects from the medicine. Now I don 't know what I 'm going to take.
My fiance (22 yrs old, 130 lbs) has been on Keppra combined with Vimpat for over a year and he has had very bad mood swings, weight loss, anxiety, feelings of hopelessness, depression, and irritability/quick temper. We are trying to find out if there is another medication he can take in combination with these to help combat the side effects, or if someone has found another med that works as well with less severe side effects, seeing this is the only med that has helped his seizures so far (diagnosed at 17) Anyone else with a similar  problem, or know what might help?
Not effective for me. I 've been a migraine sufferer for 30 yrs and have relied mainly on Imitrex . My Neurologist has also been giving me BOTOX every 3 months for the past 6 yrs which has helped cut my attacks down immensely.However,  he thought maybe I should try Relpax for those migraines I do get and it has not been helping me at all. My Imitrex 100 ( or generic) would usually rid me of a migraine as long as I took it within the first 15 or so minutes of onset.  So , I guess I 'll stick with what 's worked for me.
I got Implanon in Feb 2010. I love the fact that I haven 't had a period in over a year, but the other side effects are beginning to outweigh it. I have experienced terrible acne while on Implanon and weight gain. Weight that I can 't seem to get off. I am scheduling an appointment to get it removed tomorrow.
I started using this cream about 2 weeks ago - the first few days were fantastic and it cleared up my spots straight away. However after about a week my skin became very red, dry and incredibly itchy. I stopped using it about 3 days ago however my skin is still very red and itchy around my chin and jawline. It has cleared up the spots for now, however the constant itching is not worth it. I won&rsquo;t be going back to it.
My son is 12 years old. He has had the tics for 8 years. The Neurologist put him on Clonidine 1 tablet a day as needed. He just started taking it 2 days ago. We will see how it goes from here. It breaks my heart to see him going through this. During these times when he has the tics, I try my best to make sure he has No added stress. It does get him sleepy after an hour or two with one pill. And it seems to slow the tics down a bit.
I&rsquo;ve been on Yaz for almost 2 months and I hate it, I have heightened smell, I&rsquo;ve actually thrown up due to it. I&rsquo;m noticing my mood swings are going from 0-10 really quick, my poor boyfriend has also noticed. I&rsquo;ve broken out so badly with acne and I&rsquo;ve ALSO been spotting now for almost 2 weeks now becoming heavier bleeding and cramps.Going to switch pills as I feel disgusting, and can&rsquo;t even be intimate with my dang birth control so, yaz has been a huge waste of time for this girl.
I have been taking Gabapentin since the 22nd November and am currently on 900mgs 4 x a day along with co-codamol (30mgs of codeine &amp; 500mg paracetamol) for Neuropathic nerve pain and damaged nerves in my left ankle. At first it worked really well but its been almost 4 weeks now since I started taking it and the pain has returned both during the day and breakthrough pain at night. The pain is horrendous with shooting pain up and down my leg with a burning sensation especially at night! It is really making me fed up and is affecting my work - is there anything else out there that would be better to take and will work for this problem!!! Its driving me mad as I have to work and the pain can be just too much.
Was on Nuvaring twice. Long story but I don 't remember the first time and it was also a short period of time. The last time I was on it for about a week when my hands started breaking out in a weird rash and I felt odd. My doc thinks I was allergic to something in it so I took it out and my hands went back to normal right away. Odd reaction.
Took one the first night, got cramps and diarrhea, ate half the next night was ok, half the third and nothing. Took one the next got cramps and diarrhea. Took 3/4 th of a tab for two nights straight, nothing, nothing. Took 1 the next night STILL nothing.
I took this from January to May. I started on th&eacute; 145 dosage, but I had to go up to the 290mg after a month when the lower dose stopped working. I was pleased with this medicine 's ability to correct my chronic constipation. I was more gassy and sometimes had loose stools, but overall I felt a lot better. One problem I had with it was the extreme dehydration it caused; I suffered from super dry skin and &quot;shredded coconut lips&quot; the length of my usage. It was incredibly frustrating to drink 100oz of water each day and still be dehydrated! The worst effect of this drug was the nerve pain it caused. Beginning in April, my right arm started going numb, tingly, and had traveling pain up and down it. After $3500 of tests, I connected it to Linzesse
At first I loved this shot, no period and very minimal spotting for only a day or two, now I 'm spotting for months at a time, clots with old blood, then fresh blood, then it stops then it starts and its irritating as hell. I 've been spotting for two months now which has been a consistent occurance for the past year on this shot. I 'm over it
I have been taking this pill for 4 months.  My period start every 5-6 weeks instead of monthly. This is very annoying.  My breast are always tender. And my kood swings are very noticeable by everyone.
I was given stadol via IV while in labor with my eldest child. I don 't know what dose but I did go unconscious for what I think was a few seconds. I just remember waking up gasping for air as about 6 nurses rushed into the room. They were trying to get me to breathe and checking my vitals. Not sure if I flatlined but I did have to remember to breathe, which wasn 't fun. I remember feeling really high and happy after giving birth but it took me a long time to come down from it. I had my two younger children without meds and felt much better and aware of my surroundings. The stadol did help with pain but I 'll never forget how hard it was too breather when you have to consciously make an effort to do it.
Took it for about two months (skipping doses on weekends and some weekdays due to extreme side effects), started having extreme difficulty breathing, anxiety attacks from not being able to breathe with such a tight chest. Also it made me ridiculously irritable, and mean all the time but I did lose 15 lbs on it. Most of the time I felt like I was literally going insane. Not sure it was worth it though.
I have used this for about 5 months now and I have felt nothing but crappy the whole time. I throw up almost all the time. Feel exhausted constantly. Get diahrrra when I 'm vomiting. Can 't sleep well. Crazy mood swings. I 'm not pregnant, so it obviously works. It just has gnarly side effects. I 've see many others with the same issues. I chose it initially because I thought it would be easier than taking a pill every day. I didn 't want to get any of the inserts. So, this seemed the best option for me. When I saw the side effects I didn 't think much of it since I would have those kinds of symptoms when I was on my period or a few days before I would get it. But it the symptoms are to the extreme. my period is also lighter and longer.
I have been on 5mg for the past two weeks and am supposed to go up to 10mg tomorrow. I have suffered with depression for over 20 years now. I have been on a lot of different AD 's over the years and celexa was probably the most helpful until it just stopped working. So the last two weeks have been strange. Never experienced the nausea that a lot of people have mentioned. I have this strange detached feeling, like when you are sick and take cold medicine...just foggy and tired, sooo tired. The constant dry mouth and funny taste are really annoying. I don 't really feel better, just sort of numb to emotion. I promised myself I would give it a chance and stick with it for at least the 6-8 weeks but now I 'm nervous about the bump up to 10mg.
I have always had horrible acne as long as I can remember I had tried every product and nothing worked. I was put on accutane on September 2015 it got worse before it got better. After 4 months of being on accutane my skin was beautiful, and glowing not a single zit or scar. I was also cleaning my face day and night. I was so happy. In September 2016 my acne came back with a vengeance. But this time it 's worse. I will be going back on accutane but if it doesn 't work the 2nd time I have no idea what I 'll do. For some people it 's effective and lasts. But for me it didn 't. Hopefully the acne goes away forever!! But in the mean time I 'm using African black soap and its like accutane it gets worse before it gets better. Acne sucks!
I FINALLY GOT IT TAKEN OUT AND I FEEL LIKE A WHOLE NEW PERSON!! I had no pain getting it out and I cried from relief from how much better I immediately felt. Back on the pill but I would NEVER recommend this to ANYONE!!! I don 't care about the effectiveness, the side effects were NASTY AND ABSOLUTELY MISERABLE. So bummed I wasted a year on this crap!
I 'm on and off with the medication. Not really sure if I have seen a difference, though I am on and off.&quot; I just don 't take it sometimes&quot; . Due to the lack on not seeing the progress, I 've been diagnosed BiPolar 2.  Going to continue taking the Lamotrigine to see if any changes might happen .
This is my second day on Provigil 200mg once a day and was hoping for a dramatic change but there was none.  I have sleep apnea and CPAP was not enough.  Passed out at work and not safe to drive.  I can say I am a little more clear and not in sleepy fog.  Hoping that it will get better or up my dose
I have just finished my second week on Tri-Sprintec and my period hasn 't stopped since. I have been getting more moody than I normally am and I almost had 3 anxiety attacks.
Just started yesterday at 25mg for one week then will move up to 50mg second week.I  had a good day not tired except now very tired but it 's 7:30 also taking tons of vitamins to help reduce all possible side effects. I will keep you posted current weight 135kg although taking for migraines I would love to lose some weight in the process even if it 's a pound a day.  Definitely not starving today small breakfast, small lunch,  small dinner in good.
I was prescribed a low dose of it for prevention if UTI 's and it gave me diarrhea..which for someone already dealing with IBS I 'm on top of constant UTI 's...is not helpful at all. Aside from that no side effects. Still stopped taking it though and was prescribed methenamine... hope it works!
I was prescribed Bactrim for a UTI. It started to clear it up in a day, but I was so nauseous. I couldn 't even sleep and then I started vomiting on the second day so I went back to the doctor.
I have a love/hate relationship with this medication. I was diagnosed with ADD in my late thirties. Vyvanse helps me a lot...when I can feel its effects. I take 50 mg a day. For three hours, I feel wonderful and very productive. The drug make feel very calm, hence very focused. I feel at peace and I stop questioning every single thing I do. It 's like my usually racing thoughts (cognitive hyperactivity) stop for a moment and let me focus on the task at hand. BUT, when the drug wears off, after only three or four hours, I feel HORRIBLE! My throat gets tight, a disabling anxiety kicks in, I feel depressed, my thoughts start racing again and honestly, I feel like I could kill myself. So I go from feeling wonderful to being suicidal...
I had been getting the Depo shot for about a year. I decided a few weeks ago that I no longer wanted this as my method of birth control. When I first started getting the shot I had some spotting and no periods. This has slowly increased and for the past two months I have had spotting everyday. I thought I could put up with it, before I realized that my libido had been slowly decreasing as well. And for the past month or month and a half my sex drive has been virtually nonexistent. I was not able to &quot;get in the mood&quot;. No weight gain. 
I 'm only rating Mirena a three because of what I have felt so far.  I 've had it for about three weeks now.  I am 35 and a mother to my three year old son. Getting it put in was very, very painful and I was so happy that my husband came with me because there would 've been no way I could drive myself home.  I had a C-section with my son and that is probably the reason why it hurt so much.  In the three weeks I 've had it, I have felt lots of cramping, bloating and gained three pounds.  I 'm not myself, tired and moody.  I 'm giving it one more month to decide whether or not to have it removed.
I have been taking Viorele for a little over two years. I started out with a prescription for Kariva but CVS gave me the generic version which is Viorele. I was really impressed at first because my face was very clear and my horrible cramps and back aches from my period went away. After a few months I gained 20 pounds and 2 cup sizes and became very depressed and anxious. I did not know that Viorele was the cause of this until I went to my doctor. I just switched to a different birth control and I am waiting to see if there is a difference. Overall this was great for acne and cramping but the depression and weight gain was not worth it.
Mine may be a somewhat rarer case of ADHD, that is very severe, and my response to amphetamines is almost perfectly paradoxical for the best known effects.  I sleep better and longer with significant blood concentration (it 's neutral for going to sleep, but keeps me asleep longer), have better appetite, cannot achieve euphoria or a &quot;high&quot; from amphetamines, only a mild feeling of extra energy.For me adderall is far less effective than single ingredient D-isomer formulations.  Best guess is that the L-isomer is what ruins it for my condition or perhaps the more exotic salts.  Vyvanse, Desoxyn, Dexedrine are much more effective and without side-effects for me.  Didn 't expect the difference, but adderall doesn 't work well with my brain chem.
I started taking these pills in hopes of having my period every 3 months. The first month of the pack, I don 't bleed at all until about the last week I have some very light spotting that lasts up through the middle of the 2nd month/pack of pills....then it remains heavy from the middle of the 2nd month all the way through the end of the third month. So total I ended up bleeding for about 6 weeks straight through each pack of pills.  I 've been on it for about 9 months now and this has happened every time. I will definitely be changing to another kind. I 'd rather bleed once a month heavily than 6 weeks straight. I also was extremely tired all the time. The only positive is that it did prevent pregnancy and my skin cleared up tremendously.
On week 2 I have bad cramps, very constipated, nausea and horrible burping, my sugar is down but idk how long I can hang in.
Vile disgusting taste. I had to add a lemon powder and hold my nose to drink without vomiting. It took 20 min. to get it down. I hate to drink water and had a tough time drinking the required 32 oz. of water in 1 hour after the Suprep. It did take effect in 40 min. I was also very bloated. I do not know if I can manage to drink the second dose tonight. I will have to find a way. 
Was prescribed Cymbalta 1.5 years ago to treat Major Depressive Disorder. Helped lessen the sadness caused by depression, but also made me numb emotionally. Decided to taper off of Cymbalta, while being advised by my physician, and the withdrawal symptoms were terrible. Currently still on 30mg (down from 120mg) and going to look for easier ways to withdraw. Would not recommend Cymbalta to anyone, as I feel I was doing better before I started the medication, and the withdrawal symptoms aren 't worth it.
On Day 4 with the 10Mg pill no more nausea! I had one lucid dream but it was fine. Day 5 no problems. I am writing again which is something I have not done in a very long time. So I am seeing positive things already! That is why I gave a higher rating. Waiting to see what happens in 2 days when I step up to the 20Mg pills. 
The taste is awful and does last for hours . I was also given the sample without prior knowledge that I should not be driving after use. I feel so out of it , drowsy, slight nausea. I 'm still waiting for my insurance to let me know if this medication is covered and how much it will be even after the coupon card . At this point its not worth purchasing . Haven 't noticed any positive change either in my sense of smell or nasal breathing ability.
Was an effective form of birth control and cleared up my acne spectacularly; however, I started getting horrible migraines during the week I was not taking the hormones. My hands and left side of my face would go numb, I would get nauseous, and I would be incapable of doing anything but lie there because I could not fall asleep because of the pain.
Have severe erosive osteoarthritis. This medication did not help.
The drug is honestly a hit or miss. It worked wonders for my brother who had severe acne; he has had only a few pimples since his first and only cycle ended over a year ago. However, I did not have such results. My face was clear for about 2 months following my first treatment and then it turned briskly into a battlefield again. I am now on my second cycle, at month 3, and acne is still everywhere. It 's a cursed life, my friends.
I have a major complaint about the changing of the OC 's to the OP 's. I have been taking the 80mg OC 's for the last 2 years for my Neuropathy from my diabetes and it seems to have been the only thing that works for the pains that I have. Now after the change of them to the OP 's I have been taking them now for today being the third day and they don 't do much for my pain. On top of that they make my whole body itch very bad and today discovering that I 'm now passing blood in my urine. Have never done that in my life of 48 years. So what do I to do now? I understand why the changes were made with the formulation, but what about the people who use it the right way and who really need it? We are the one 's who are suffering because of people who abuse it.
I started college when I took these. But I 've noticed weight gain. I thought it was the freshman 15 but its not... Also theres been a HUGE decrease in sex drive. Stopping these pills now... Oh and also... I NEVER get acne.. all of a sudden I 'm breaking out in places I 've never even got pimples. Lastly, I 'm pretty sure my body is reacting to the medication because I 've never had a yeast infection... but for some strange reason I 've been experiencing discomfort. Read about this before you decide to take it.
My doctor gave me samples. Went from Zoloft to Trintellix. Let 's just say, this has not been a good experience. I have a tough stomach but everytime I take this medicine I 'm to the point of vomiting. Tried taking it before bed, definitely not a good idea either. Up vomiting too. I did see a small boost in energy though.. but with all the sickness, I would have to say taking this is not worth it.
I was on this for 1 year.  At first is was okay.  I had hot flashes and would sweat bad.  The last 3 months - the fatigue is building to the point T was sleeping all the time, having anger issues.  
This drug is expensive. Patients on Medicare D, can soon find themselves in the donut hole, thus causing added problems for many. (not if money is no object) . There is not enough information out on this drug 's ability to prolong life.Doctor mentions very few side effects. Main ones were, Low BP,  angioedema, high potassium/kidney damage.  I bring up more side effects, he does not agree...yet Drugs.com list side effects that I am having with this med. Back pain/side pain. I have had difficulty walking due to these pains and resort to a walker.   Heart Failure caused by poor stent placement in LAD. )-:  My EF is sliding downwards from 40-45% to recent echo of 30-35%. I thought this med was the answer to HF.  Needing more solid info.
I rated this birth control at a 3 because it drastically changed my daily life. Before taking the pill, I was a morning person, but after taking it for 3 months I found it extremely hard to get out of bed in the morning.  I was getting 8 hours of sleep or over, which is usually plenty for me and by 9 at night I couldn 't do anything but lay on the couch. I am an athlete and I run everyday 5-10 miles, but I got to the point where my entire body would get so exhausted I couldn 't make it through a run. I got on it to help acne, which it didn 't seem to get any better. On the plus side, I didn 't experience any spotting like other people have mentioned and my periods were normal. I got off the pill and started feeling better.
I smoked for 8 years Djarums.. the FDA has banned the sale in the US. I never tried to quit before..I smoked the first 7 days with Chantix and have now been smoke free for 11 days ( 2 ml per day), but I am NUTS! Today was very bad, I cried ALL DAY at work and everywhere. I 'm crying now. I wanted to drink - have been sober for 12 YEARS.. but I 'm not giving up yet.
Was prescribed Bactrim by a walk in clinic. Shoulda known better. After 2 days, I experienced some awful side affects - chills, fevers, night sweats, insomnia, diarrhea, and migraines - for three days. I thought I was going to die. After I finished my prescription, I got this terrible head to toe rash that itches like crazy. My UTI is gone but it was not worth the rash and three days of near death. Does anyone know what I can do for this rash?
So I have had skyla in since august 16th 2016. I had to get my last one replaced because I didn 't take to it the first one I had my period lasted 2 months it was heavy and gross. My second one now has stopped I have had my period steady since august.. it 's now nov 24 and I don 't know what to do.. sometimes it 's super heavy or sometimes it 's light but still very much so there. Random and painful cramping. This birth control is depressing but it 's a good birth control mainly because you can 't have sex because your on your period (unless your into that). Getting it taken out was not horrible, getting my second one back in wasn 't bad just made me sick.Over all I hate this birth control to be honest no woman likes bleeding for more then a week
This is a great alternative to more invasive or daily types of birth controls.  I 've had it for almost one year now &amp; have no pregnancy scares (I 'm very sexually active).  During the first couple months my period was very light &amp; short, however now I have my period about twice a month for about 8 days each cycle, sometimes with spotting in between (sometimes a full month of bleeding).  I 'm more depressed during periods &amp; I get breakouts that aren 't terrible, but are still annoying.  I 'm hoping in the next 3 months my period stabilizes or I 'm going off this BC.This is a great birth control if you don 't mind the risk of possibly wearing panty liners most of the month &amp; like the idea of never having to worry about protection or daily pills
Was on Lunesta for some time but could not tolerate the side effects and the daytime drowsiness. I drive a school bus so I had to stop Lunesta quickly. My doc gave me Silenor and the lowest dose seemed to do the trick. I can sleep about 7 hours nonstop and not worry about bad taste in my mouth and more important drowsiness in the day. 
I have been taking this because of a fall in the produce department at the store (slipped on water). Severe hamstring issues and lower back. Not giving much relief.
I used Topamax for 3 months after working myself up to 150mg/day. It brought my migraines down from 3-4 a week to 2-3 a month, which is great, however after having been in and out of hospitals with horrific abdominal pain my doctor cycled me off of it. I had also lost 20lbs in a 3 week period, but had not noticed a change in my appetite. I am very fit and eat 5-6 times a day to keep up with my metabolism and workouts, so the weight loss was extremely irritating, considering it was nothing but lean tissue. I also could not drink carbonated beverages, and was extremely depressed and emotional (which is very out of character). I did not think the side effects I experienced were worth the benefit.
Two hours after taking this had severe diarrhea.
This medication did help improve my mood slightly, but had interactions with other prescription medications I was taking at the same time.  It is very important to inform your doctor about what medicines you are taking and it is also VERY IMPORTANT TO ASK if there are any contraindications with these medications.  This should not be a problem if you have a good relationship with your doctor.
This is a great pill if you want to significantly shorten your period, but not so great if you want clear skin or minimal PMS symptoms. The acne is ridiculous, and in my experience, it made me break out all throughout the month, not just around the time of my period. The mood swings were extremely noticeable. My boyfriend and I have never fought as much as when I was on this pill.  
Xanax is the &quot;devil drug&quot;. I have taken it for over 15 years and it has done nothing but make things worse. For those of you saying it 's a miracle drug, please do your research!!! It ruins your brain chemistry and Is HIGHLY ADDICTIVE.(I can 't stress that enough) For those who have been taking the drug for over a couple of months, your gonna have horrible withdrawal symptoms when you decide to stop. Benzodiazepines are the ONLY drug that you can actually die coming off of! Trust me!!
The packaging is HORRIBLE!  Take a page from Vagifem and work on the delivery!
I took this medicine for 6 years and it helped my depression. Allergies became much worse over time and I assumed it was just seasonal or food allergy. Suffered a lot with allergies over the 6 years I was on Cymbalta and was unable to do much of anything even though I have 4 school aged kids. When my Doctor recently increased dosage, my allergies went haywire..... prickly feeling in fingers arms back, itchy nose, throat and private region. Because the allergies came on slowly, I didn 't realize it was Cymbalta causing the problem. I really suffered with this and would hate for another to do the same. If you have weird allergy like symptoms, check the Cymbalta. It helped my depression, but I still was not able to live comfortably because of the reaction.
Make sure that you do not do anything where you need your balance, this medicine causes DIZZINESS. 
250mg once every 12hrs didn 't do much for pain in ER formulation for me but the 50mg worked quite well as a breakthrough pain medication when combined with 2/3 my typical dosage of Oxycontin.  I found that pain relief duration at 50mg was about 4hrs.  I believe that the ER formulation starts at 100mg and higher.  I am lethargic on Nucynta ER at the 250mg 2x a day dose compared to Oxycontin 30mg 3x daily.
Gave me the speed jitters, irritable, and still tired and sleepy only now I 'm grumpy too.
I 've been on it for two months and 5 days and it 's worked great for making my period SUPER light and lessened the pain of cramps.. But I lost my appetite and hardly eat anything, I 'm overly moody, I get nauseated really easily, breast tenderness that went away after awhile. It 's awesome for my periods but I think this dosage is just too strong for a first timer on birth control.
Didn 't do much for my anxiety.  I still had shortness of breath and that &quot;pit&quot; in my stomach.  There was maybe a little less shakiness, but other than that, I still felt anxious.  Now I 'm on lorazepam, which works much better for me.  However, I could understand why many people do not want to take benzos might want to at least give this a try.  It just wasn 't for me.
This birth control has worked 100% with preventing pregnancies. However, it makes me beyond depressed, irritable, angry and moody. It started out to be right before my period, but now it is all the time. I never had these issues before taking Tri Previfem. It also makes me super hungry right before my period, where I want to eat everything in sight. But my major issue is definitely the depression, anger, anxiety and crying spells it has caused. Tonight is my last night taking this pill, thank God I am finally done with the pack!!! I do not recommend!
It definitely helps my cough. But it makes me so dizzy, I feel like my surroundings are going by at 100mph when I walk. I would NOT drive after taking it. I also feel a little &quot;out of it&quot;, but that could just be having a sinus infection. I didn 't have a problem with diarrhea like some people have mentioned.
Prescribed after surgery on hand, told to take 1 150mg capsule every 8 hours, well that meaning one right before bed. HORRIBLE IDEA!! I wasn 't informed to drink a whole glass of water with or not to lay down up to 30 mins after. So about a week into taking it on my night time one (midnight) took it and went to bed. Woke up with the worlds worst heartburn. So bad I 'm asking my doc at next appointment if I can switch scripts.
I was on n implanon for 3 years never had any issues absolutely LOVED it. But then I went to renew it and got on the alternative NEXAPLON I believe that 's how it 's spelled but anyway I 'm down yo my last few months and I can 't stop bleeding?? Been over 2 weeks, any one know if this is normal?? That 's my only complaint have a few mood swings but nothing to bad.
I have a very bad bout of bronchitis. I 'm on day 5 and I don 't feel markedly improved. The coughing is not quite as often, however when I do cough the phlegm feels thicker and the coughing spasms are more violent. It could be because the Mucinex is now wearing off. I just had higher expectations. Now I 'm nervous, because I don 't feel like my condition is improving. And the sound and feel of the mucus is a lot worse, but no side effects.
Started Harvoni 6 days ago so far no side effects or maybe a little concentration problem at time. (Brain fog) not sure if thats part of it or just because I 'm an old fart LOL.
Its only OK once I 've fallen asleep and maintaining that sleep but honestly I still have genuine reasons to be paranoid in life based on misconceptions certain associates ect but yea still depressed restless legs less paranoid over thinking but more frustrated and anxious I eat a lot on it and well I guess proper therapy sessions would 've been a better approach for me
It should be noted why a patient should stop taking this medicine before surgery.  My father went in for a routine cystoscope and had major bleeding complications.  Patients should be made aware that this medicine may CAUSE BLEEDING.
I got Nexplanon inserted December 2012. I was previously on the pill for 5 years which worked great for me, but I began having seizures last July. Because of the seizures, I switched my birth control to a progesterone based birth control in case the estrogen was provoking my seizures. I 've now had Nexplanon for almost 5 months and have been bleeding every day since. I 've also gained about 15 pounds. It has been horrible for me. I would love to just take it out, but I spent $700 on this and would like to wait it out and see if it gets better. 
I 'm 12, and I 've taken Zoloft for about three months now. It has helped with my anxiety, a lot, but the side effects are horrible. My depression has worsened, it has disrupted my sleep patterns, and I 'm never hungry anymore. I 'm also taking Concerta (I have ADHD, Asperger 's Syndrome, Depression, Anxiety issues, and signs of mild OCD).
Errin was great for me for 9 months until I stopped breastfeeding my son. He just turned 10 months and I just found out I 'm pregnant! I 've always taken it at exactly the same time of day and haven 't missed a pill without using a backup method of protection. Surprise!
Been on farxiga 11 months. A1C went up instead of down.  Horrible yeast infections.  I did lose 10#. Have to go off because of unacceptable side effects. Love the weight loss.
I have been on this medicine for almost 2 months.  On the plus side it lowered my blood pressure effectively.  My readings are excellent!Now the minuses.  I always feel lightheaded and dizzy.  My mouth feels dry and I keep feeling like I have to clear my throat.  Everyday around 2:45 I become extremely tired and nod off.  It is hard to fight through this. I constantly feel queasy.  5 days ago around the same time I started feeling extremely nauseous and began to sweat heavily.  When I stood up to go to the bathroom I felt dizzy to the point I strongly thought I was going to pass out.  My vision also became blurry.  I sat on the floor, then laid down.  Within 1 minute the feelings subsided.  I think this is the medicine doing this.
Works on blood pressure top number rating, but I gained water weight and swelling. May be allergic.
Gabapentin has severely affected my edema
I had the implant inserted in late August of 2016 due to heavy periods( I was bleeding two times a month for 5-7 days at a time). Insertion was not painful and I did not bruise. I had one light period right after insertion and then no pain or bleeding for a YEAR. Very recently within the last 3 months I have begun bleeding again, heavily twice a month. I am always tired and I hardly ever want to get out of my bed. I am always hungry no matter how much I have eaten I am never full. Due to the bleeding I was put a low type of birth control pill which has made this process EVEN WORSE!! I am even more emotional and I am starting to gain more and more weight. I have terrible cravings and feel terrible about myself. Having the implant removed.
I had this implanted June 22nd 2015 August started feeling pregnant thought it was just the side effects gained 15 lbs all belly!!! I already have 3 kids was on the pill and got pregnant each time do thought I 'd try something new...well it 's November and I 'm almost 6 months pregnant which obviously mean that I was pregnant before I got it..pregnancy test was negative. But any who lol the only REAL problem I had was the constant pain in my arm due to the implant...every other sickness and symptoms was because I am actually pregnant..ughhh I will not be trying this after the baby because I will be getting the tubal procedure!
I have been on this medicine for about a month. I was given samples of a higher mg than what I am prescribed and those seemed to work the best. Then, I couldn 't afford to get the medicine from the pharmacy for about a week and had no bm during that time. Yesterday, I took the medicine and still nothing but stomach pain. Today, I am taking it again with the hopes of having some relief.
I am 21 and have been fighting severe rheumatoid arthritis since I was 17, spending most of the past year in bed. I 've been on Enbrel 5 weeks and I 've been experiencing no pain relief, just constipation and lack of sleep. 
After my initial 9 days of Zyclara treatment I have had to stop using it. The side effects are intense to the point of debilitating.
Did not work at all for my chronic Crohn 's disease.
Every time I 've used Abreva, it 's knocked maybe 1 or 2 days off of the usual 10 days to 2 weeks of healing. I came here more to spread the word about LYSINE supplements. After tons of reading I heard about these pills and ran out to whole foods and bought super lysine (10$) after a very big breakout on my nose. I 'm on day 5 and it 's GONE. Yesterday I was able to conceal the healing very easily with makeup. Usually the experience of a cold sore breakout is traumatizing for me, putting it lightly. I could cry of happiness for finding these miracle pills. I took 600mg a day during my active infection, 500-1000mg for a week to make sure the infection is completely gone!
First 2 days were euphoric and nothing could upset me. Then got more irritable and anxious. Stomach in knots. Then came depression &amp; thoughts of suicide along with anxiety. Yawning all the time. This is day 7 and I left a message with my doctor this morning letting her know I couldn 't feel like this for another week in hopes that it would possibly even out.
My experience with Latuda is mostly negative. I have been on it for 5 months and will be tapering off in a couple of weeks thankfully.  The only good thing about it is it stabilized me in a severe mixed mania with psychosis episode, but other than that, the side effects are horrible.  It has done nothing for my depression the past two months and I have had anxiety and major irritability on it.  The nausea and vomiting is miserable.  I was prescribed zofran to offset the nausea but that is not so helpful either since the zofran causes constipation.  The 350 calorie requirement is a pain because you can 't take it with dinner or you fall asleep instantly, so I take it with a late night meal to last a few more hours, hence more weight gain.
My 5 year old just started this medication and no change in her became evident as its supposed to after about 30 minutes. It actually made her Tourette 's worse and made her itch and irritable. Hope you have better luck!
I was quiet nervous about talking this pill, because I have had such bad experience with the shot. I 'm on my 11 day of taking Lutera. I started on them the first day I received my period....and I 've been bleeding ever since...very heavy at that, not a very happy camper. I have never bled this long.
I 've been on Orsythia for a year and half and I 've had a regular cycle twice! I get it early and it lasts 7-12 days, and it 's just brown, not a true  'period '. Recently I 've started to get the bad acne everyone mentions. I 'm 43 and have pimples on my chin and forehead (never had it before). It has eliminated my breast tenderness and cramping though - that 's why I strayed on it. But it 's just too unpredictable and so I changed to another birth control. I do not recommend it.
I got my IUD in on 9/30/17 it was the worst pain I&rsquo;ve ever felt. However, I am 18 with no kids. After my doctor inserted it I cramped for for maybe 5 minutes while they took the nexplanon bar out if my arm. No cramps there but maybe because I was focusing on a bar being cut out of my arm!! Overall I&rsquo;ve been super crampy for the past few days. Ibuprofen doesn&rsquo;t seem to help much either. I get super severe pain when trying to go #2. I&rsquo;ve also been eating like crazy... I hope it gets better because I really didn&rsquo;t like the nexplanon bar and don&rsquo;t want pills or shots.
Positives:  Slightly effective.  The pain reduced for the first 3 weeks or so.  Easy to use.Negatives:  My hands became extremely swollen and I was unable to use them after my dose was raised (because the pain had returned).
I am on Buspar and 5 milligrams once a day I feel that if I take it all at once and it does not work I am so lost because I can 't stand this dizziness nausea in my stomach my feet feel like they 're falling out from underneath me I really am lost the doctor wants me to stay on it but I do not want to up it because I feel like I keep going through these side effects over and over again every day due to the fact of it being Half-Life what do I do from here
I wrote a few days ago regarding my very first experience with the ring which that was my first day with it. I experienced nausea and fatigue and as the days progressed things became somewhat worse. I ended up feeling dizzy and lightheaded and moody and not motivated to have sex. I removed it earlier today and am already feeling much better without it. I wished so bad that it would not affect me so much badly. But unfortunately it did. 
I am 21, very fit and active. Although I 've had two kids, I only weigh about 140, and I work out daily (4-5 days a week) I walk 3.5 miles a day and go to the gym. I began taking Zarah in hopes that it wouldn 't cause weight gain, however, I have gained 5lbs in the first week. Not to mention I cannot lose the weight no matter how hard I try! Keep in mind I also diet. I have retained so much fluid, and this medicine caused crazy mood swings and irritability. I also bled when I wasn 't on my period. I stopped using zarah about a week ago... I 've lost those 5lbs, no more mood swings and I feel much better.
I have had the last 6 inhalers clogged.  I still have medicine in them and they will not work.  What is going on?  It is undependable!  Asthma is a condition that cannot wait!
This medication probably works wonders for some, and it did for me at first. However, I experienced the absolute worst yeast infections, to the point I went to the E.R. I stopped taking this medication and will be talking to my MD about something else.
Been taking mirtazapine for 7 weeks - definitely sleep (out like a light) but feel groggy/cloudy head in the morning.  I have a constant dull headache and my vision is blurred sometimes - the glasses I got for being short sighted, in early Dec are no longer suitable. Blurred vision is not on the PIL yet but I see many people report it. Emotionally I am numb; not happy, sad nothing - seeing Dr to reduce dose with a view to stopping. Appetite increase is ridiculous-even when I feel full I can 't help shoving more in; just shows the brain-gut link is so true. Also very dry mouth that cannot be rectified drinking 3 litres a day! 
I was given one dose of keppra as a precaution because I had a &quot;spell&quot; that I 'm not sure was a seizure or just a bad anxiety attack. It made be feel dreadful: dizzy, depressed, weepy, spaced out. It 's been nearly 36 hours since I took it and I 'm still feeling not quite right. Horrible stuff. I had an EEG and it was normal. I wish the doctor had waited with the med until the results of the EEG, CatScan and MRI.
It makes me quite tired and somewhat confused.
I 'm 18 and my doctor prescribed me this because I suffer from constant headaches/migraines. This has the worst side effects which made my  body ache, it hurt when I yawned, and I felt so much pressure on my chest. My head was still pounding 2 hours after taking it. I won 't be taking these again.
My pharmacy replaced Sprintec (the best birth control) with estarylla because they said it was the same formula. I have been on it for about 10 months now and I gained 10 pounds. After reading reviews, I realized it has made me moodier and made my anxiety worse. But hey I never got pregnant... If you have any sort of anxiety/depression, this is not the pill for you. I just got prescribed a lower dose of birth control called Lo Loestrin Fe, so we will see how that goes
This birth control appealed to me because it 's estrogen free, you don 't need to remember a daily pill, and it lasts for a long amount of time.  I had Nexplanon inserted on 3-13-14.  I got my period the next day.  Today marks 7 months of constant bleeding.  Having said this, I 'm sure it 's highly effective birth control, but for me it was more so effective because it caused me to not have sex.  The first couple weeks I was a little extra emotional, but that stopped quickly.  I had no other side effects. I have friends who went on this and stopped having periods all together, so I 'm sure my experience was exceptional.
I might come back and write one after I finish this, but oh my god. I haven 't stopped squirming in 30 minutes, the &quot;mild itching and burning may occur&quot; warning on the box was quite the understatement! I Really hope it is okay for work tomorrow morning or else I am calling out, screw this! It feels like it may be starting to relax but I 'm not sure. Updating from my bed at this moment.
Started Celexa a month ago. At first, tremors, dry mouth, shaking, and dead libido. After a week, my jaw was petrified, my teeth hurt, was always biting my tongue. My energy was gone. Was sleeping 9hrs at night, and 3-4 hrs nap in the afternoon. I was a zombie. I just switch to Wellbutrin, and I pray for better results. 
I took Methadone for 2 years for back pain. I never use it for Herion addiction. After I stopped using it ( which was 3 years ago) I still can not be medicated with any of the other opiates, or any type of tranq, not even cold medicine All my DR could say was, I 've got a lot of patients like you. What the heck does the mean, that I 'm on my own? Next time I have surgery I guess I drink a fifth of whiskey and bite the bullet? Does anyone a medicine that can help reverse this,
I am 56 and was initially tested at 246.  Symptoms were low energy, continuous minor ailments, grumpiness, occasional inability to concentrate, and a low sex drive.  I was put on 1% Androgel and felt better almost immediately.  It was easy to apply and absorbed quickly.  At refill time my insurance company denied Androgel and switched me to Fortesta.  After starting Fortesta (4 pumps) the brain fog has not returned, but I don 't always feel as sharp as when I was on Androgel.  My energy level is okay but not great.  And it 's not as easy to apply, it goes on the thigh and does not absorb quickly.  My 60-day lab work had me at 244, actually lower than before treatment, so now I am at 8 pumps.  We 'll see how it goes.
I took one Sumatriptan tablet when the migraine aura began. I found that it upset my stomach and wasn 't as effective for headache pain as Excedrin Migraine.
As somebody with high anxiety I can 't recommend this medication to anyone with any kind of stress disorder. I have only been on this pill for about 3 months, so when I was constantly sick I thought it was my body adjusting to the hormones. However, I recently figured out that my nausea is due to high anxiety, which has been made VERY intense by this medication. I feel anxious until point of vomiting. My breasts grew which wasn 't an issue for me but I didn 't gain any other weight. My periods are much shorter and lighter but my cramps are just as bad as always. My appetite has decreased and although I feel hungry the second I eat I start to feel sick again. The drug did its job, but I am so uncomfortable I am considering switching pills.
I was on Ortho Tri Cyclen Lo for about five years. It was fantastic, no problems at all. My insurance switched me to Tri Lo Sprintec and initially I was excited because its fully covered. The first month was fine, and then the breakouts started. They have gradually gotten worse. I gave it six months to see if things would settle down, but they haven 't at all. I 'm broken out on my chest, back, all up my neck and behind my ears, along my jaw and forehead. I even had a huge zit on my earlobe this week. These are not normal breakouts. I 'm so disappointed in this generic and I 'm switching.
Improved Benign Prostate Hyperplasia but not dramatically. Side effect no semen when ejaculating.
I was switched from Loestrin 24 to this since it was discontinued and at first I was super nervous because it was chewable, but I liked Loestrin so I went with it. The first month was okay, and it was exactly like Loestrin 24 with nothing different. The second month I was told by my doctor that I can skip the placebo pills to not have my period and I did just that. The first week after doing so was great but then I started to spot. I knew it would happen but it 's been going on consecutively for three weeks and it 's into the next pack now. It 's also caused mood swings, headaches (and I never get those), vision blurriness here and there, cramps, bloating, gassy, all the upsetting side effects. Overall, not good and I may switch to another bc
I had my Implanon inserted almost 5 months ago, in May 2009. The pros that I personally experienced with this method of Birth contro are as follows:-No periods. Very minimal spotting.-No pregnancy. -No real serious weight gain. Maybe 5 lbs over the 5 month period.While these pros are all really nice things, I found the cons I experienced outweighed the pros.The cons I experienced are as follows:-Terrible breakouts. I 've had very good skin my entire life, up until I had this inserted. -Ridiculous mood swings and just outrageous emotional-ness. I have no past history of mental illness whatsoever, and since having the Implanon inserted, my mood swings have been insane, and I 've experienced unexplainable bouts of depression.
I started taking Lyrica about 5 months ago. It has worked great for relieving my pain from fibro, however I have experienced bladder retention at times and since I also suffer from anxiety, depression, and PTSD, over the last couple months, I have been having really scary thoughts of suicide. (I would never, ever do that. I know myself well enough to know that I would never do anything. I lost my husband that way.) I feel like it has increased my symptoms of depression and PTSD. I stopped taking it 2 days ago and while I am in a lot of pain, it 's better than the side effects of this medicine. I 'm going to my Dr in a couple days and I 'm going to talk to her about another option.
I was prescribed this twice a day for 7 days. I 'm halfway through and I recently developed severe headaches, decreased appreciate, decreased urination, and shortness of breath. No diahrrea yet, but I did feel nauseous this morning. I hope not to get diahrrea because I 'm trying to heal an anal fissure. I tested negative for some common STDs so I don 't know what I have but my groin lymph nodes still seem to be swollen. :/
It does not work for treating recurrent yeast infections and there is burning and itching after insertion. If you do not get them often it is okay.
I am 69, insulin diabetic, ileostomate for UC over 30 years, stage 3 ckd, my insurance company sent me letter discontinuing valsartan 160 (took 2x day with hctz 13.5 and coreg. I also take 100 mcg of synthroid.My doctor gave samples of edarbi 80. and fatigue, sleepiness weight gain, blurry vision worsened in the past three weeks. My insurance only allows one dose a day of edarbi and has informed me that since I am low income that my copay will not increase so I am not planning to reduce edarbi or spread it out. I sometimes delay taking my once a day dose for up to sixteen hours due to low bp and when it does rise the systolic takes longer to come down on edarbi than on valsartan.  I take K supplements.
I have been on Macrobid for 3 days now. I feel so nauseated. I 'm so tired and I can 't eat or drink anything, EXCEPT for a little water, without getting sick. It gives me a horrible headache and I feel so weak. I am also allergic to sulfa medications (Bactrim) so the doctor gave me this. 
The first dosage of Suprep went down ok at 4 PM. Not pleasant but not horrific. I thought, what is everyone complaining about this is a breeze. Then I got to the second dosage at 10 PM (per my doctor 's orders) and gagged from the taste. Ultimately I threw up and had to call the doctor on call. I just had to take an alternative product, magnesium citrate OTC. 
Caused me more pain but has helped others.
The first few months I was thrilled with the Implanon. I noticed no side effects and I had no period. I did notice a small decrease in sex drive but that was it. About a month ago, I started noticing my hair fall out. It has gotten to very thin on top and it comes out when I 'm brushing it, touching it, etc. I think I will be getting it taken out because of the hair loss, my doctor told me there is no way to know when it will stop and I can 't afford to lose more hair.
I 'm a 47 year old female.  Dr. gave me the free packet that works up from 20mg to 80mg.  Took it for only about 3 weeks and then quit.  Did not notice any help with ADHD, although I may not have given it long enough.  However, the side effects were: increase in blood pressure, feeling my heart beating hard, sleepiness, getting winded very quickly from just walking less than a block.  This medicine is not for me.  Even though it is not a stimulant, it seemed to affect my cardiovascular system, and the symptoms were just not worth it.
After over 1 year without birth control, I tried lo lo estrin at the insistence of my OB. I tried it for 4 months, waiting for the bleeding and spotting to stop, despite making sure every day I took the pill at the exact same time. Besides the non-stop spotting, I also found my libido affected. I stopped wanting and enjoying sex. I finally went back to the pill I had previously used and am back to normal periods and enjoying sex.
Developed a cold that just wouldn 't go away and that turned into a cough. Took Vicks, Mucinex, NyQuill, but nothing controlled the cough well. Decided to try Delsym and while it did control the cough much better than the others, I woke up in the early hours of the morning with extreme diarrhea, awful awful cramping, and sweating to death...I literally sat on the toilet for an hour dry heaving because the pain was so bad. It was terrible. For the next 24hrs my stomach just hurt trying to recover. I only thought I had gotten minor food poisoning but this morning when I had just liquid bowel movements again I decided to search reviews since that 's the only thing that has changed...am definitely going to stop taking....
My husband is an alcoholic and has been taking Antabuse for a week now. In the last 2 days the Antabuse hasn 't stopped his excessive drinking. The pills haven 't had any effect on him. I am really disappointed, I really wanted this to work. I know he was definitely taking the tablet everyday, because I watched him dissolve it in water then drink the whole glass. Now, I know there 's no stopping his drinking, it 's all up to me as a mother to leave him, because this behaviour is not acceptable around young children. So sad.
I 'm a 57 year old female that has just been diagnosed with RA about 6 weeks ago. My GP gave me Arthrotech to get me through until I could see the rheumatologist   The Arthrotech made me sick, for every 4 pills I took, I threw one up. Went to specialist yesterday and he gave me Plaquenil  - I 've only taken it for 2 days so far (400 mg) daily but I 'm feeling worse ( although the weather has changed - snow storm)   I can 't believe how painful this disease is. Does it get any better? Will I have a pain free normal life one day soon? I don 't go back to the specialist until May but I can 't imagine being in this much pain until at least May. I 'm feeling so sorry for myself and cry because I 'm tired cry because I 'm sore. When will it start working?
My 8 year old suffers from year round allergic rhinitis. He started taking montelukast and it helped him sleep through the night without snoring nor did he have breathing problems or runny nose the next morning. But he started getting depressed and complained about &quot;feeling sad for no reason.&quot; I 've stopped the meds, let 's see how it goes.
I was placed on Lipitor 10 mg after trying all of the other cholesterol reducing drugs.  Developed after three days, very stiff neck and overall muscle soreness.  Doctor ordered a CPK test and my levels are off.  She discontinued me on this medication.  Must not be for everyone.  Will continue with my diet and exercise.  My cholesterol must be hereditary since I follow Weight Watchers, have lost weight and I exercise daily.
Up to 4 with each meal.  Center didn 't believe I was taking them cause my phosphorus levels didn 't go down.  Better than chewable, if they worked better.
I am a long time sufferer of frequent (chronic) migraines, up to 15+ a month. I have used sumatriptan since it became available, both in pill form and self-injection. Yesterday I tried the new patch &ldquo;Zecuity&rdquo; for the first time (and likely the last). The actual cost per patch is about $300.00. The packaging is ridiculous: a box overnight delivered which was about two feet square with a weight of about 15 pounds. It contained a large, thick styrofoam container, six special, red &ldquo;PureTemp Bricks&rdquo;, designed to keep the drug at room temperature (it must be kept between 68 it 77 degrees Fahrenheit&ndash;NOT refrigerated), and a box of four patches. The patches themselves contain the medication, but also the &ldquo;release/delivery&rdquo; system which includes a computer chip, the red light to indicate activation and completion of medication delivery (four hours&ndash;then the light turns off and patch can be removed) and two lithium-manganese dioxide batteries (perchlorate material), which are considered TOXIC WASTE by the federal government and cannot be thrown away in the regular trash. Instructions say to contact your local authorities to inquire how to properly (and legally) dispose of the used patches. The above in and of itself should give most people pause as to whether this is all worth it. But, as anyone who is suffering from a migraine will tell you, the pain and other symptoms are so bad you feel like you&rsquo;d try practically anything. So, hey, even though this is the same drug, maybe this fancy delivery system is the magic relief we have been searching for. Personally, sumatriptan lessons the duration and severity of my migraines but has never &ldquo;relieved&rsquo; them. It may for some, but not for me. Other than the powerful narcotics I take for other chronic pain, it&rsquo;s the only other thing that helps at all. Of course, there are strict limits on the number of times it can be used per month for safety reasons, so I can only use it for my worst migraines. The limit on the patches: no more than four per month. So, okay, I decide to give them a try. I followed all of the (somewhat detailed and involved) instructions and &ldquo;activate it&rdquo;, apply it, and push the &ldquo;start&rdquo; button and the little red light comes on. Within a few minutes, I start to feel a tingling, itchy, burning sensation, though not too bad and certainly not unbearable, or even anything as bad as the pain of the migraine. Within about five minutes, the gel (I assume the medication), starts to ooze out the sides of the patch, making a sticky mess and of course causing the adhesive of the patch to stop working and the thing starts to practically fall off. Okay, the directions say if there are problems with the patch staying in place to use medical tape. So I use medical tape. All around the entire patch I use medical tape. Five minutes later, even the medical tape starts to come loose due to the ozzing gel, so I apply even more tape, a lot of tape. I am also concerned that there is more medicine sticking to the tape than being absorbed into my body. I also only feel, very slightly, any effect of the sumatriptan. I felt a mild burning sensation the entire time the patch was on, as well as red, irritated, itchy, rashy skin upon removal. Oh yeah, and now what the heck do I do with this environmentally hazardous medical waste? Are most users really going to properly dispose of these things? As far a headache relief, obviously intramuscular injection is a quicker way of getting this drug into your body, to provide whatever amount of relief you are going to get from it as quickly as possible. Another consideration: my health insurance required Prior Approval to cover the patches, part of which was a statement from me and my doctor that the other forms of ingestion of sumatriptan (pill, self-injection, intranasal spray) were inadequate and that I required the patches. When I found that out, I refused and told my doctor to do the same. I had little faith that a 4-hour patch of the same drug would work better than a 5 second injection, and I did not want to give up my ability to keep receiving the injections. The drug company provided the one month free trial (four patches), so I agreed to try them. Several years ago, I remember how happy I was when Imetrix finally went generic and I was able to obtain sumatriptan much cheaper. It saved me (and my insurance company) a lot of money. I don&rsquo;t really want to give that up either. So, I suppose that there are people who may find these patches amazing and effective, especially those who for whatever reason are unable or unwilling to use the self-injections. For me however, considering all of the factors above, I think I&rsquo;ll stick with the injectable (pun intended), and sometimes the pills, as I don&rsquo;t like to carry the auto-injections around in my purse (I already have to carry an epipen with me&hellip;). I wish the best to other migraine sufferers; perhaps the patches will give them the relief they seek. For me however, they are not the answer.
I have been taking Exforge for about 24 months. When I first started taking Exforge my heart would race fast for the first three weeks. My blood pressure was controlled well for the next fourteen months. My BP started to rise again to higher levels than I was used to seeing 154/94 in docs office. Developed a chronic cough sore throat, and sinus issue lasting nearly six months. Misdiagnosed as strep, Flu, Bacterial infection, and then five months into it an allergist (the only doc that listened) tells me it is a common side effect for the Exforge. I stopped taking it today. Hopefully my symptoms will clear up in a few days, as a prior posting had written.
I have been on the Implanon for a year now. I loved it at first. I had no side effects other than bam like 6 months into it I noticed a bald spot in my head it started to get bigger an more started to appear. I used to have a full head of hair now I 'm going completely bald. I went to a dermatologist and they told me I had alopecia areata. I then started to look more into its cause. I had never had this problem before and found out that the Implanon causes hair-loss. A lot of people who used it had the same problem and once they got off it grew back. I 'm waiting to get this removed.
Been on this medicine off and on for a few years. Usually by doctors who are convinced that every person who asks for a benzodiazepine must be addicted to them. This medication has very little effect on me. I have debilitating generalized anxiety disorder, severe treatment resistant obsessive compulsive disorder and post traumatic stress disorder. This medication is supposed to be for panic attacks. However for me it takes a while to kick in, and once it does, it only relieves a fraction of the intense and constant anxiety. It doesn 't make me sleepy whatsoever, nor does it calm my restlessness.
I originally got on it because I was about to turn 26 and off of my parents insurance and did not have benefits at my job yet, so I figured I 'd get the thing that lasts for 3 years while I could figure everything out. I used to be on the pill before nexplanon.  I 've been on nexplanon a little over a year.  I had a period last over 3 months when I was first on it.  Now they are literally every other week.  My acne is terrible, not just on my face, but chest, back, everything.  My mood is off the wall.  I get intensely depressed when I am on my period or near it on this thing.  I 'll have days where I just want to give up on everything and run away and I 'll hate everyone and everything.  I cant wait to get this thing out.  No pregnancies though.
I have delt with acne since I was 15, Throughout high school it was here and there. After high school it got worse and worse. I am now 21 and just finishing my second month on being on Ortho tri-cyclen and my acne has increased since using (which I was told and aware of). I was very hopeful but I 'm starting to get discouraged and starting to dread looking at my face everyday. I 'm going to continue using it and hope for the best. I really hope this works for me.
My face broke out for a couple months from stress really bad and my doctor gave me epiduo, she said to put it on every night and my acne would probably go away. My acne wasn 't going away (somewhat mild) and so I used it. It made my skin awful the first two weeks, worse than I 've ever had. I was so frustrated, so after the second week of an awful face I stopped using it, and went back to my old skin routine of just benzoyl peroxide during the night and day. The the next morning my skin cleared bc I stopped using epiduo. I don 't recconend this to people with mild acne and sensitive skin. It made my skin really inflamed and red and didn 't help at all, and just made it worse.
I 've been on lex for almost a month and so far my side effects have been minimal. The first week, although I didn 't have anxiety problems, it seemed to spark a few anxiety episodes. Nothing major. I started with 10mg and today is my first day of 20mgs. I 'm a little worried about side effects. I 'm still having a problem wanting to get out of bed. I just feel like I have no energy to do anything and I hate this feeling hence the increase to 20mgs. I 'm going to stick with it because although I 'm still struggling with the lack of energy, is helped at least put a few smiles back on my face here and there. All I know is I want to get better, I have to get better! Good luck everyone I 'll check back in 3 or 4 wks &amp; give a complete update.
I started at a 1/4 dose (2.5mg) and couldn 't make it past day 6. I didn 't have the vomiting that others report, but it destroyed my appetite. And then gave me diarrhea. Fastest 5lbs I ever lost. But moreover, it felt like I 'd taken a bad amphetamine. It made me INCREDIBLY anxious; heart racing; waking at 5AM in a panic. I 've taken SSRI 's before--this was something more/different. There were a few glimmers around day 5 when I felt my mood was better (kind of like the kick you get from a cup of coffee) but the rest was unmanageable.
It worked to prevent a runny nose but it made my sinuses feel so DRY. I switched to this from Flonase because it gave me frequent bloody noses. QNASL did not cause bloody noses, but didn 't really make me feel any better. It made me feel more congested but a &quot;dry &quot; congestion. I will not longer be taking this.
Allegra 24 hour helps my hay fever symptoms. But, this medication dries out my lung tissue to much and makes me cough.  I have been off Allegra for a week and I am still coughing and have LOTS of non infectious mucus coming out of my lungs.  My lungs hurt from coughing.  I am 62 year old female with mild asthma.
I 've had a YI before but unfortunately they didn 't have the medication that I normally take. Decided to try this 3 day and it 's been terrible; it started with itching and then it went to an extreme burning pain that nearly brought me to tears and made even standing/walking unbearable. This lasted for several hours and it did work and did take care of the YI, but after the amount of pain I went through from the medication itself I will never take this again.
I 'm on day 2 of taking Lexapro and it 's causing unpleasant side effects. I don 't have an appetite, a slight headache, nervousness, and stinging chest pain along with stomachache. My doctor told me to stick with it because the benefits outweigh any issues right now. He also said that they will go away in 2 weeks or so.  I 'll continue to take and update my progress.
I was prescribed this twice a day for 7 days. I 'm halfway through and I recently developed severe headaches, decreased appreciate, decreased urination, and shortness of breath. No diahrrea yet, but I did feel nauseous this morning. I hope not to get diahrrea because I 'm trying to heal an anal fissure. I tested negative for some common STDs so I don 't know what I have but my groin lymph nodes still seem to be swollen. :/
Was on Brintellix 5 mg for two months. Had some improvement and the side effects weren 't too bad but included nausea, diarrhea, insomnia, jittery feelings and loss of libido. Bumped it up to 10 mg at the advice of my Doctor and again had more improvement but the side effects increased and the hives started. At first I didn 't realize it was the medication, though I had read the precautions. My memory and focus seemed better overall. After 4 months of the 10 mg I noticed a personality change. I became lazy, had no motivation and procrastinated important tasks. This was completely out of character for me. As time went on this got worse. Plus the cost was outrageous!!!I have been off of the Brintellix for two weeks now and am improving.
I was on Yasmin and had no issues. Went to the local health department clinic and was put on Sronyx because the clinic did not carry Yasmin. Since the switch I have had discomfort in lower abdomen, have not had a period since... not pregnant. Have lost sexual desire and have an out of control appetite for sweets. I am not happy with this and will look for a way to afford the other pill.
I just started this birth control about two weeks ago if not three. I 'm already having bad side effects. I 'm so moody. I 'll get so angry one minute and then crying and upset the next. Also very bad migraines and severe nausea. I 'm at the point that I 'm in bed with these symptoms. I haven 't noticed any weight gain yet, but I 'm eating like crazy. My acne hasn 't been bad, but other than that I feel like I 'm dying with these suckers. I 'm not sure if my body just needs to get used to them or what, so I 'm gonna give it a little while to adjust to my body. Wish me luck!
Last year I stared using this. I used it for about 2-3 months maybe even more but it didn 't make much of a difference. But I guess everyone 's skin is different, it may work for some people and not for others.
Increasing dose from 150mg to 300mg daily stopped suicidal ideation, but did not improve anhedonia. Increased dose associated with onset of hemidyskinesia, which diminished on lowered dosage and resolved completely when drug stopped.
I 've been on Xeralto now for a month now and I 'm sure it 's working quickly, as I noticed within 24 hours of my incident ( small PE in left lung.)   I couldn 't believe the sharp pains subsided and breathing improved in that short amount of time.  Since I 've been taking this for a month now and actually lowered dose from 30mgs. to 20mgs. daily, I feel worse and worse.  I feel like I have the hangover of the century, all the time, no alcohol, cannot tolerate it on this drug.  Burning eyes, constant headache, extreme headach and fatigue, exhausted, in bed by 6:00 PM usually.  I have two teenagers and a job, finding it hard to carry on with my life.  I 'm so depressed.  It 's bad enough to have this happen but this Xeralto is making me miserable!
It seemed to work well but I developed akathesia on this medicine. I took it for a few months.  I felt like I could not sit still.  I had to keep moving.  I could not enjoy anything.  I also had trouble sleeping.  I tried lowering the dosage then we tried increasing the dosage but nothing helped.  I finally had to stop taking it because of the side effects.
My experience was awful. When I first got the implant I bled for about 5 months straight although it was lite it was still annoying. After awhile my doctor prescribed me the pills to stop the bleeding which it did. After I was done with the trail pack I immediately went back to spotting. My implant also broke in half inside my arm! Getting it taken out was the most painful thing ever!
To make this review easy I 'll share a list of the Pros and Cons that I have experienced on the NuvaRing while being on it for 5 years.Pros: very light periods with minimal cramping (although I am lucky enough that my periods beforehand were already pretty light but my cramps were horrible), super easy to use, can skip your period if you want to, insurance covered it, you barely know it 's in there, can take it out for up to 3 hours while having sex.Cons: ZERO sex drive, moodiness, constant bloating, constant tiredness, cravings, weight gain, my vagina has actual become swollen after sex, sometimes painful sex.Everyone is different but the cons are outweighing the pros for me at this point so I am looking for a different option immediately
This is my second week of taking fluoxetine at 20mg once a day. My mind feels really blank. Don 't feel sad or happy. I feel nothing. I still find it hard to get up in the morning and have found that I have less energy. I have been having side effects of stomach pains and loss of appetite and now my whole body just hurts! I can say though that I worry a whole lot less about my future and that the little things that got me down don 't really bother me as much any more. I will keep taking it as I have seen on these comments that the side effects go away after a while so hopefully if that happens maybe I can really start to enjoy my life again.
I 've used it in the not recent past with some pain and it 's been effective but last night was horrible. I took it just before bed and I 've had terrible cramps, broke into sweats, and spent part of the night on the bathroom floor in pain. I wasn 't even able to go to work today. It is working but the side effects are horrible. I still have sharp pains and it 's noon of the next day.
I am so sleepy during the day that it is interferring with my usual busy life. Unlike other patients, I have lost my appetite but like others my dreams are more vivid than ever.  I have mild depression, which it may be helping with but I think I must discontinue this product because of the somnolence.
Having a horrible experience on Bactrim. This antibiotic should come with a warning label. Urinary symptoms have not been relieved yet (going on 3rd day). Experiencing severe nausea and diarrhea. Zofran helps somewhat. I don 't know that I can continue this medication for 3 more days.
It has lowered my blood pressure, which was crazy high (upper number 210 once and otherwise always in the 190 's).  Everything was fine at first.  But now I 'm so tired it hurts.  I am actually so fatigued that I am close to not being able to function.  I have also noticed some double vision (comes &amp; goes).  
28, suffer from MTHFR (can 't have hormones so this was one of my only options)  NO ONE TELLS YOU THAT YOU WILL EXPERIENCE A MIRENA LIKE CRASH WHEN GETTING THIS REMOVED.    Google mirena crash if you 've never heard of it.  After I had this removed for only having it a month I cried for days and became super depressed.  Please be aware when trying this out whenever you have it removed you WILL be severely depressed for about a week. As far as symptoms go felt instantly different after having inserted.  Deep depressing thoughts and felt like i was in a constant fog...high. I didn 't want to wait it out to see if I 'd adjust as I just felt weird all the time, not myself..and the strings constantly poking me and my partner
Took for 5 months.  First 4 months great.  Then got intermittent tingling and numbess in arms.  Over next month tingling went to constant throbbing.  Pain shooting down right arm.  Stopped pill.  It has been 7 days and left arm back to normal.  Right arm slight numbness and some discomfort but getting much better.  Be aware of symptoms!
I 've been on this birth control (still am) and I don 't think it 's doing good for my mental health. I 've been taking it for 4-5 months and I don 't feel the same. I used to be so happy and now I 'm constantly crying and feeling down for no reason. Will be changing birth control because I feel like rubbish
Only made a slight difference in coughing.  A bag of cough drops is more effective.
I experienced decreased physical ability, lost muscle tone and stamina. My sexual desire dropped sharply. I was unable to motivate myself and had no desire to do anything. This drug takes away individual thought and makes you do things without the desire or want to do them.
I have never been a fan of Birth Control Pills. However, due to major cramps my Dr. suggested this method to regulate and easy my period pain. I was prescribed Daisy but the pharmacy end up giving me Ashlyna instead. I have the 3 mos, lowest dose pills. The 1st month my period came normal and NO PAIN. But unfortunately for the second month which I am currently under ( only 3 pills left) I have been with my period for a month. No major cramps or heavy bleeding, but I have been using panty liners for the entire time. Very light period but I am tired of bleeding. I feel weaker and swollen. I don 't drink water as I should. However, I 've noticed I am retaining too much liquid ever since I started these pills. Will give it time to see if it works
This is my first Y.I and I couldn 't get to the Dr. For a week, so they told me to try monistat, 7 day treatment. I put it in the first night, no problem. Second night, no problem. By the third day it was doing much better. But all of a sudden the third night, I put it in and intense itching happened. I put some of the cream on the outside and instant burning. It was horrible. I squeezed my legs together begging myself to fall asleep. I woke up that morning and was a little itchy, but felt way better. I then put it on tonight (my 4th night) around 8:30 and here it is, 12:40 and I am up frantically wiping it off trying to relieve this itch. It 's horrible. its like it 's better UNTIL I use the medicine. Definitely not finishing the last 2 days.
It made me feel sick all the time. Sometimes it would give me the shakes. It seems to work for many but, not for me. Try it and see!
If you value your skin at all, don 't even bother with Nexplanon. I 've never had acne in my life until I got the implant. It 's horrible and won 't go away. Not to mention I get my period sporadically 2-4 times a month. Save yourself the hassle, avoid this at all costs.
After having my daughter in Feb 2010 I received the paragaurd IUD after almost 8 yrs I finally had it removed this week Nov 2017. Basically it was horrible bleeding heavily, cramping horribly was how my past 7 yrs have been. It Never subsided like I was told it would. Lots of painful ovulation that had me on the bathroom floor and my pain tolerance is substantial or so I believe as I 'm covered heavily in tattoos. Anyway it was so bad super plus tampons/overnight pads combined only lasted 20mins before bleeding through. I was bedridden monthly I have had tons of medical issues I 've now found out is due to copper toxicity. I now suffer from infections cysts on ovaries hormonal imbalance &amp; toxicity
Went to a therapist who suggested Xanax and the doctor refused to do that and gave me Zoloft so I gave it a shot. First week was hell, was falling asleep sitting up which I had never done before. I was tired, sick feeling, and dizzy among other side effects. Once these subsided my panic attacks stopped, however I was sleeping 20 hours at a time, waking up then four hours later going back to sleep another 20 hours. I did notice I became better in social situations yet I lost interest in things I enjoyed doing and left the house even less than before. I have been diagnosed with GAD, panic disorder, agoraphobia, social anxiety, major depression, dermatillomania, and trichtotillomania. Not worth the negatives to fix only a few of these.
I 've had it for a year now, I 'm 23 and have not had kids. Months 1-3 sucked  seriously, I was miserable, had no energy, still got my period, felt sick, loss of appetite etc.. After about 4 months it got a little better. I do love that you don 't have to worry about it for 3 years, I loved my old BC but taking the pills every day at the same time was a bit annoying. Now after almost exactly 1 year all my month 1-3 side effects are back. Sick feeling, tired (I could sleep all day and night, some days I have) I 'm highly considering getting this thing out of me! I 've read a lot about people having way more energy as soon as they got it out. (Keep in mind every woman 's body will react differently)
I have been taking this for pneumonia, 2 days NO results. I feel worse this evening than I did when I went to the Dr.
The first time I took it, I did manage to lose 5 pounds in a month. Unfortunately, I gained it all back after I went off it.My doctor put me on it again. I managed to lose three pounds in the first day. Unfortunately, that seems to be it. It 's frustrating because although I am not hungry, my weight sometimes will go up by a pound throughout the day. I assuming this is water retention. I do walk at least 10,000 steps daily and am on my feet. I used to take Adderall for ADHD and I think that drug has ultimately destroyed my metabolism.
I just started Gilenya through a research study (or I couldn 't afford it) a week ago. I had minor flu like symptoms the first 72 hours and then increased energy the past several days. I have experienced hot flashes at night sometimes. I have never been on any meds since being tested for Multiple Sclerosis in 2005. I am thankful I don 't have to take the injections. Tired and oddly depressed today. Hoping that goes away soon and isn 't a lasting side effect.
I have been taking this medicine since before Christmas and the side effects are awful from feeling sick, really eggy belching and really bad wind that keeps me awake as anyone else experienced this and how long did it last ???
I 'm 16 and i had acne since like middle school and I got this new dermetalogist and she gave me these pills. At first they worked but now my skin is breaking out...I 'm tired
After 4 months I developed swelling and aching in my fingers, hands, wrist, and ankles.  Within 1 month of starting forteo I started experiencing hair loss. It 's been over a week since I discontinued the injections but my hands still hurt and my ankles are still swollen. Considering there is no way to determine if the benefits outweigh the risks, I don 't feel that it is the right drug for me.
I had my paragard inserted about 7 months ago, and insertion wouldn 't have been so bad if I hadn 't still be sore from ripping during childbirth.  With paragard my period started lasting up to 9-10 days with heavy bleeding.  I also started to have pain during sex.  About 2 weeks ago I developed eczema on my hand.  Today I had the paragard removed and felt instantly better.  According to the ob/gyn I may have a copper allergy because my cervix was red and inflamed.  She said the eczema could have also been a result of it too.  So in summary, paragard does work in preventing pregnancy, but make sure you don 't have a copper allergy before hand, and remember that every woman is going to react to it differently.
This medicine did nothing to help with my depression - but in all fairness - in the 17 years I 've been trying to get the depression treated - nothing has helped.
I got the Mirena inserted to treat heavy bleeding &amp; to prevent pregnancy. Before this I was taking birth control pills (sprintec) and stopped because they were causing significant hair loss and depression. Since I have stopped using them my hair has been growing back in. I have also noticed that I don 't feel depressed as often). Mirena has been effective at preventing pregnancy but the dark brown discharge I get every single day makes me feel so disgusting that I have no desire whatsoever to have sex (it only stopped when I went back on the pill WITH the IUD but returned after 3 months when I stopped the pills again). To people who have menorraghia: please reconsider getting the Mirena IUD.
It 's good I think I might need it again ?. .
Since April 2017 I have been taking valsartan for HBP...the doctor started me of first with 320mg for about, I think, 2 months, then changed to 160mg, because I it was giving me lower back pain when I mentioned it to him, also pain on my left side. My pressure continues to be high (170 to sometimes 190, plus three other medication as well for HBP. I feel like a guinea pig having to use so many BP pills. I know that salt is not the only cause for sometimes suffering from HBP, I believe it could be other things that causing HBP that Primary Care doctors not willing to tell patients . I used to take hydroclorizide...depleted me without no signs, lisinopril which had swell up my face, and others.
This is my second week on Trulicity.  Nausea(comes and goes), abdominal cramping, constant full feeling, Guess thats what helps you loose weight, who wants to eat when they feel like they just ate.  UUUUGH!!! headaches all day, muscle at base of neck on left side hurts. No diarrhea thank god (yet anyway). Just an over all not so good feeling. Not sure if I will stay on this Med.  But trying it out to see if it lowers my sugar.  I can deal with nausea but stomach pain and diarrhea  no way.
I 'm a veteran birth control user 6  years and this one is so-so. I was on Seasonale for about 3 years. I had to switch to this one because my insurance didn 't cover it anymore. So far I 've been on it for 1 month and if you have normal skin *not* prone to breakouts, - do not go on this pill. It will break you out bad. Even down there! Which never happened to me before. It does the exact opposite of Seasonale. Seasonale dried the vaginal area and this pill makes you discharge so much it 's never dry hence the breakouts. Moods are pretty normal. Sex drive is a little bit better than Seasonale since you don 't have to use lube. Overall it 's okay. I 'm going to switch though as soon as I am done with the 3 pack.
After being diagnosed with PDD/ADHD, it was suggested that my son (then 5) try Intuniv.  Initially, he was extremely lethargic, not being able to get out of bed.  This was only a day or two.  We noticed a difference within days and a completely focused child!  However, after a few weeks he was becoming extremely obsessed with germs constantly washing his hands.  We counted 14 times in a 15 min span!  His poor little hands were raw and chafed a bright red.  It didn 't matter, he kept washing.  Our pediatrician referred us to a psychiatrist (as he had never experienced this side effect) and the psych said that it was due to the PDD.  We took him off.  If it hadn 't been for the side effects, the Intuniv worked quite well.
Awful. I 'm currently on this birth control and literally everyday I bleed. And there 's an odor that comes with it. It 's awfull. I 'm going to give it a few days but it 's bad.
I 've been on the Implanon for a little over a year now and I 'm ready to have it removed! The constant MOOD SWINGS, TERRIBLE ACNE AND CONSTANT NON STOP HEAVY PERIODS are just too much. My periods last anywhere from 12-15 days! I was told that it would evenually regulate and it hasn 't. Yes it 's effective because you bleed so much that you 're unable to have sex!!!! I have not had any pregnancy scares but who wants to go through all the extra nonesense? I don 't! I 'm having it removed soon!
Works great for the urinary problem but created a whole lot of other issues. Severe weight gain, anxiety(moody), constipation, etc. Taking 4 mg every other day I was up to 1 to 2 hours but still had issues. Up it to 4 mg daily is when I really noticed the above. Not a good fit for me.
Loestrin was the first birth control I used. I 've had minimal problems with my period before and was using it purely as a contraceptive. Unfortunately, I was quickly disappointed with it. My emotions were all over the map and it didn 't help that I had a period for 12 days straight. This wasn 't a nice, light period like I was expecting. It was about twice as heavy as it normally is. My breakthrough bleeding was almost daily as well. I have now switched birth control (to Portia) and am very satisfied. Plus, Loestrin hurts the bank account! There is no generic alternative. 
I have been miserable.  Took a one dose of Diflucan last night and I can say swelling is less but everything else that is awful is still there.  But, wine lady, please don 't tell me I can 't drink wine.  I 'm almost finished with my glass when I read your review....  Should I take another one-time-dose?  I 'm way too old for this!!
The things you have to go through if you stop taking this drug are awful. I would never of started taking it if I knew how bad it is when you stop
Third episode of afib cardiology placed on sotalol 80mg bid. I 'm starving all the time, nauseated, and gained 3 lbs. in two weeks. Is not stopping afub from occurring
I was given this medicine in the 6 Day Pack for an allergic reaction. Since I started taking this medication I can 't sleep, I maybe doze off for 20 minutes if I 'm lucky. I feel very hostile and confused, like I can 't progress my thoughts at all and I keep forgetting what I 'm doing. On top of that I 'm experiencing a lot of shortness of breath and every time I stand up I get dizzy. I 'm incredibly thirsty and have to use the bathroom more often now since starting to take this medication. I can 't wait to be finished with it seeing it 's 50/50 helped with my symptoms.. The taste is horrible, like acid in my mouth and I have to take it with milk to make sure it doesn 't burn. Since yesterday morning I 've developed a short throat and bloating. :/
I absolutely loved Pristiq - great energy - great sex - felt good. I unfortunately suffered a side effect that I couldn 't empty my bladder all the way. So that meant sleep deprivation. My MD thought it was a UTI, but getting off the medicine and seeing a urologist cleared up the symptoms. The urologist said it was a very common side effect of Pristiq. He put me on Flomax for a couple of weeks... Loved Pristiq, hate that I can 't take it.
I had the Depo shot 3 times and for the whole 9 months I was bleeding. The first 3 months I was told it was normal and to wait another 3 months so I did. Then I was told that I needed to wait ANOTHER 3 months and so I did. Finally I couldn 't take it anymore. I was going through boxes of tampons and it had ruined my sex life with my boyfriend at that time. Now I have best friend who had been on it for over 3 years and she has had NO PERIODS whatsoever! Not fair right? This is not for everyone. I would recommend only giving it 3 months to see what your body does.
It did the trick, I lost about 30 pounds but I was a crazy woman. Phen gave me short term memory, a foggy mind, I got angry a lot, I felt unmotivated to study.....and later down the line, I started to develop jaw pain, back pain, heart palpitations, and anxiety...all of what I listed are side effects of phen.. So please listen to your body. You have to get off the phen sometime so really concentrate on loosing the weight and developing good eating habits and do not depend on the pill as a crutch. If you do, it will surely be your down fall. It is easy to get caught up that way. For me it 's almost like a double edged sword. I went from a size 12 jeans to 7 but almost lost my mind in the process.
I first tried the generic for topamax and I just felt depressed. I 've been on lexpro also for about 2 years. When I got prescribed seroquel I was nervous about the &quot;tired&quot; side effect, but my Pdoc said as long as I take it before bed I should be okay and might feel some fatigue. First week, I was EXTREMELY tired when waking up. I would sleep at least 10 hours and it was still difficult for me to wake up. I slept the whole night and fell asleep great, but WOW it was very difficult to get out of bed in the morning. I was told no not up my dose the 2nd week. After 2 full weeks I felt like a zombie. Yay for being calm, but I was too calm. No motivation to work, college homework, and I started feeling sad and crying for no reason. Not for me.
Minimal relief of pain
I am now on my eighth day ,and besides the slight nausea and the frequent bowel movements throughout the day (it 's not affecting my working and taking care of my son 's needs),I think that I 'm going to stick it out. I  was on the Enbrel sure click last year and because I caught an infection and my system was severely compromised, I was admitted to the hospital, in serious condition; so, no more Enbrel. I stayed clear for a few months after being taken off of it, but once the psoriasis came back ,it went rampant....please check back in a few weeks with an update
I have been taking this medicine for sinusitis (300 mg twice a day), or however you spell it. It has only been 1 day so I have only taken it twice, spaced out between 12 hours . One at 7:18am and one at 7:18 pm. I have now been awake since 4 am with upset stomach , stomach gurgling,and my bowels are slowly turning into diarrhea. I only made a bowel movement once while taking this so far and I can tell it is about to go down if I keep taking it :( (I am normally vert constipated). As far as for my sinusitis,  it has seemed to improve my sore,itchy throat a little. I guess I should stick I out and drink plenty of water to see how i feel. I just do notttttt want to vomit . :(
Used for over a year and a slight improvement on big toenail and the two other toenailS no positive results. Extremely expensive also
Took for a bladder infection. Felt better after a day or so, but got extremely nauseated, even taking it with a snack. It also makes me so tired, all I want to do is sleep. I have stopped taking it and it feels like I am getting the same symptoms back. I am allergic to sulfa drugs, and this is what Doctor gave me. 
I wish somebody had told me how addictive this drug is before I started taking it.  Had I known how bad the withdrawal symptoms were, I probably would never have gone on it.  (Although that might be a good thing, as I need(ed) to be on it.)  It has definitely helped.  The worst thing is HAVING to take it...literally.  It 's a full-out physical addiction.  If we go somewhere and it doesn 't get packed, I 'm in trouble.  It 's NOT something to be taken for short-term or seasonally.  Other than the withdrawals the main side effect is sweating.  I shower every morning and by mid-afternoon I have to put Kleenexes or some sort of absorbing pad in my arm pits!  In the past 17 years, I 've also been on Paxil, Celexa, Prozac, Lexapro, and one other.
I rated it a 3 overall for ME. It 'a a 10 and  worked great for falling asleep, but I had the sleep walk issues too.  I read many comments about the sleep walking, cooking etc.  I also did this along with other crazy things.  I 'm fortunate I didn 't hurt myself or someone else.  I live alone and my point is DO NOT take this without someone else in your home.
Was on this medication twice - both time caused urinary incontinence (have no prior history of incontinence).
I had IMPLANON, implanted in August 2009. I had just ended my period and after I got IMPLANON, I didn 't get my period of about ten months, then out of nowhere I got it. For months it was like that. I gained 20 pounds, I changed my eating habits and was even working out with no weight loss..It was really making me depressed..and I was constantly moody and easy irritated.. I was always yelling at my boyfriend for every little thing. So Jan. 2012, I got it taken out, at the moment I am on nothing at all, I 've lost three pounds. I 'm not as moody and my boyfriend and I have been having better times. But birth control works different for everyone, give it a try!
I was put on this because I originally had irregular bleeding. Normally, a week before my period I would spot, have my period for about 3 days and be done. Since being put on Orsythia, I 've already been fully bleeding for 2 weeks plus 1 week of heavy spotting before hand. Needless to say, I have an emergency OB appointment on Monday to get me on something else that doesn 't make this condition worse than it already was. The only two things this helped with was the life altering cramps/body pains during pms and it also did not take away from my sex drive (though I could not even have sex because of the erratic bleeding).... I would NOT recommend this to my worse enemy.
I was put on micronor 4 months ago because I had headache with previous pills. I am about ready to stop this also last month I had break through spotting for 2 1/2 weeks. This month 4 days prior to the end of the pack I developed abdominal cramps I mean really bad and a lot of breast tenderness now I 've been bleeding very heavy with terrible cramps for 3 days . This is the worst!!! Confused
Severe constipation
Just had my 8th colonoscopy. Previously always had Vicodin, etc sedation and woke up feeling great - hydrated, hungry, ready to get on with my day. No problems at all. Anticipating feeling fine after procedure would get me through the prep! Unbeknownst to me, my doctor now has a nurse anesthetist administering propofol during procedure. Woke up nauseated (despite IV Zofran), feeling dehydrated and somewhat disoriented. Ate very little, no appetite. Slept 5 hours and woke feeling like my face was on fire. Also headache, grogginess, no appetite. I will take my chances with my high risk GI issues. I will NOT have another colonoscopy with this anesthetic. These are not truly serious problems but they are 100% unnecessary.
Paxil worked well for the first few months and then stopped.  My doc upped my dose and the same thing. I took it for 6 months from half a tab to two tabs a day. I gained 15lbs and became more depressed and lazy to the point that I wouldn 't get out of bed. I also had side effects of agitation, vivid dreams, and problems concentrating.  It did not worked great at first but is not for me. 
Started on 100mg of Augmentin for Sinus infection. Cleared up sinuses well but had severe diarrhea. I wasn 't concerned by this considering it 's the common side effect but I just took my last dose, not four hours later I threw up twice and had more bowel movements. This medication was not for me.
So, i finally got this thing out today and i wanted to share my experience somewhere. (I am 19)  Over a year and a half ago i had nexplanon inserted in to my arm. I have never had sex, so it 's primary focus was to help me with just overall period regulation. The month after i got this in, my period stopped and still has not came back. I was so upset to give that luxury up with the removal of it. So here is one pro: no period at all for me!  Unfortunately, the con list is much longer..I actually do not know why i kept this in so long, bc the way it made me feel was not worth it.  I feel a very heavy gloom over me, my nerves, emotions and anxiety were all going crazy. I gained almost 70 lbs and i have never been unhappier. Not for me...
Started Harvoni 6 days ago so far no side effects or maybe a little concentration problem at time. (Brain fog) not sure if thats part of it or just because I 'm an old fart LOL.
The only positive thing to say is that it made me sleep 6 1/2 hours straight although it didn 't help me get to sleep. The reason I laid down was because I became very dizzy and woke up feeling the same which has induced anxiety. I have felt completely off balance similar to vertigo. I have taken stronger sleep aids that didn 't give me this effect. I was very hopeful. A waste of $90.00.
I 've been taking the pill for 3-4 years now and it had always given me weird side effects before my period that changed with each month. Some months I would experience cramps, or breast tenderness that I never had before being on it. It also made me gain weight and increased my anxiety and depression. However, the past few months my side effects have worsened just before my period. Depression and anxiety gets really bad for 1-2 days and I started vomiting. This month I couldn 't even get out of bed I experienced nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, back pain, dizziness, weakness.
I suffer from PTSD, anxiety and depression. I was given this medicine to help with focus. It reacted in my system as an  'old school ' prescription diet pill and exacerbated my symptoms. Reaction included the following symptoms over a period of 4 days:  Dry mouth, feeling dehydrated, crawling skin and scalp. Moderate sinus and eye tension headaches, intense neck and shoulder tension. Sleeping issues, very focused and specific brooding thoughts of death and dying, increased racing thoughts. Blood pressure shifts, heart palpitations, easily confused and major short term memory disruption. Extreme Panic/anxiety attacks with  'shock ' effects.
I got the nexplanon in February, since then I have literally had a period for four months. It is going to be June soon and I don 't see it stopping anytime soon. I am soaking about 10 panty liners a day including overnight use! This does not make me feel sick, or nauseous but it 's VERY difficult to keep buying pads, I never spent this much when 's I didn 't use birth control! I believe this is 100% effective in preventing pregnancy... BECAUSE MY HUSBAND WILL NOT TOUCH ME ANYMORE! He and I are both very insecure about my amount of blood, it is difficult to want to be intimate when it feels like a water slide! Overall very displeased with this, I feel lied to. And I feel like this constant blood flow should 've been talked about more often!!
I had a period every month for two years being on Mirena and spotted in between periods. I also got really bad acne. The benefit of it not worrying about taking BC pills everyday but I got it taken out. Not worth it!
This is my 8th day of taking Plyera. I feel poisoned. These drugs are poison. My chest is burning up from acid. I can feel acid in my nose as well. I am pretty much confined to my couch or bed. 2 more days to go. I am concerned that this medicine is damaging my esophagaus from severe acid reflux.  Doc was insistent on curing this even if I did not have any ulcers. I felt so much better before this treatment. Please prepare plastic spoons and bowls. You won 't have the energy to wash anything. Also prepare 10 day worth of food you can eat using microwave. You won 't be driving anywhere either. Not all will experience terrible side effects (I had them all) but for sure they are real for me.
I have tried Depakote for migraines, as well as Childhood Epilepsy.  My son has tried it for Bipolar disorder. It can and does make me and my son lethargic, can cause an increase in salivation, causes massive weight gain (from 105 to 155lbs). In my opinion, the possible benefits are not worth the side effects.
It took me a long time to realize some major changes in my life directly correlated with the time I began to take Ortho Tri-Cyclen. I thought these were just general changes in my life until I realized they all started around the same time. I gained about 8-10 pounds, which is almost 10% of my body weight so it made a noticeable difference. The biggest negative point, however was the depression and irritability. I would cry for at least 2 days every month for no reason and considered dropping out of school and moving back home because I was so unhappy. Since I stopped taking Ortho Tri-Cyclen a month ago my whole life has gone back to normal, dropped 5 pounds and generally happy and comfortable. I never got pregnant, though.
I started Phentermine 37.5 mg on 3/11/2017.  It is not affecting me at all and how I know this is back in 1997--I took &quot;phen-phen&quot; and lost over 30 lbs in a month.  I would get &quot;the feeling&quot; you get and I had bad insomnia.  I am 45 years old and 5 '1 and weigh 203.  Back in 2014, I weighed in at a whopping 247 and by 2016, I have been hovering right around 203--hence, why I decided to try Phentermine again.  I lost the previous weight by counting calories and it did indeed work.  Could it be that the Phentermine is not working because maybe I need Adipex instead?  IDK, but it has me really flustered.  I can sleep and eat.  It 's crazy. 
I took this pill for several months and finally got a hold of my doctor 's office to switch to something different.  I had been on Ortho Tri Cyclen-lo and had no issues, but had to switch to something less expensive.  Although my breasts grew about half way into my cycle, they were so sensitive I could hardly stand it.  I had horrible mood swings and would just feel like I could break down crying at any particular moment.  Good at pregnancy prevention, but not sure all the nasty side effects that come along with it make it worth it.
I have used product before but this time as soon as I inserted application I got instant tingly itching....its tolerable but very irritating. ..can 't wait till it stops
A year and a half ago, my BF went to New Mexico. While he was there, he contracted HSV-2. When he came back, he was honest about having the virus. I never saw an outbreak on him, so I thought he was paranoid. Last weekend, I noticed that I had burning after intercourse. By Monday, I was sure I had an outbreak. It burned when I urinated and felt like the bottom of my vagina was on fire. Tuesday I went to the dr and she said it looked like Herpes. I 'm 39 years old. She prescribed acyclovir 400mg 3x. This is my first day.  So far the burning is persistent and the itchiness is driving me insane. Any ideas???
Nope, never again. Worst month of my life. Nausea, cramping, random bleeding, irritable-- not just irritable.. I had a mental breakdown and felt like I wanted to kill myself because I was frustrated trying to pick an outfit to wear (not typical, usually I don 't care at all). All this within two weeks of starting the medication. I stuck through a month and couldn 't handle the negative emotional side effects. One more thing.. LOW LIBIDO. There was no point in being on this because I didn 't want a thing to do with sex while taking it anyways. This pill can ruin a relationship. NO THANKS.
I 've been on Seasonique for 12 months (switched over from Yaz) and at first it was okay but I was always getting my period before I should have gotten it. Now I have gained 10lbs (that I can 't get off), acne (I 've never had acne! and I 'm 21), and if I forget to take one pill and take it in the morning and I 'll get my period instantly! Also, I 've been very tired and moodier than normal! 
Have major depressive disorder, PTSD, chronic fatigue, fibromyalgia, and chronic pain, high BP and cholesterol, low thyroid. Started taking Fetzima 20 mg for two days and then 40 mg daily for the past seven days. It stopped the traumatic thoughts at night but need to quit it due to so many awful side effects....slight nausea and light headaches the first few days, awful insomnia, very dry mouth, sore eyes and less clear vision, twitching in corner of eye, hot sweats switching to my whole body feeling cold, muscle cramps in legs, bad constipation. So sad because it was the only antidepressant that worked for the PTSD. It probably did raise my blood pressure but I did not check... got bad headaches like I do when BP is up. Good luck everyone.
I switched to safyral two months ago after losing my insurance and needing free samples to carry me until my new job provided me with coverage. I have been on ocella and Yasmin, depending on which was free at the time of refill, since I was 15 (now 26) and have had a great experience. My periods were always regular, minimal breakthrough bleeding (only occurring when I missed a pill or 2), no cramps, 3-4 day periods with very light bleeding. Since switching to safryl I experience consistent breakthrough bleeding. Three to four days before I expect my period I get nauseous, dizzy/faint, and get HORRIBLE cramps. I 'm really looking forward to going back to ocella. This is not similar to ocella and Yasmin as I was told previously.
I am really bad at sleeping, like I 'm lucky if I sleep 3 hours a night. Doctor gave me 20mg temazepan x 2 tablets. Still wide awake.
After years of chronic lower back pain and spinal fusion a year ago, still experiencing chronic pain and now numbness and pain down both legs. Doc started me on Belbuca a couple weeks ago at 150mcg and increased to 300mcg dose every 12 hrs. The little patch sure can be tricky to stick to the inside of my cheek. The medication can be difficult to remove from the foil package, but I 'm getting better at it. My experience has been some pain relief without brain fog. We will see how this goes. I still have Percocet for break out pain. Also, it 's important to note that even after 1 1/2 hrs. the patch hasn 't completely dissolved. I 'm going to stick with it with the hope that it keeps more of my pain under control.
Helped limitedly for cough, but lead to severe diarrhea.....will not take again.
This med was pretty much a dud for me. My Ibprofen 600 mg can 't be beat.
I was on Bactrim for 10 days because of a Bartholin Cyst that tested positive for MRSA. On the 7th day I started experiencing back pain, intermittent low grade fevers, chills, complete fatigue and eyeball pain.  An I.D. doctor wanted me to take it for another 7 days as a precaution but I had to force him to listen to my symptoms and he told me to stop taking the Bactrim. Also don 't know if it matters that I 'm not of  'normal ' weight for most woman at 5 '5 I 'm 109lbs - the symptoms I experienced were also listed as possible &quot;overdose&quot;....stopped Bactrim today - feel terrible.
A lot of people seem to get on great. 3-4 hours of intended effects is all I get, during that time I feel more motivated, social and can process information better. After that time I am even worse than I was before starting the meds! Depressed, irritated, withdrawn, empty, angry, really bad.It 's like the the 12 hours it 's supposed it last, more than half of it is just a really long come down. I will be asking for instant release Dextroamphetamine next time, I assume and hope that they will be just like the initial period of this med which is perfect and helps with all my adhd symptoms.
Benadryl seems to help but makes me so sleepy it isn 't really worth the symptom relief.
This medication was amazing at the beginning, but now it has caused severe moodiness and abnormal uterine bleeding. (I 've had 2 full periods in 3 weeks) and somedays I start spotting and get cramps even though I take my pills on time.
I have had Kyleena for just under a year. Insertion was awful. I had it put in the beginning of December, and had cramps so debilitating on Christmas that I basically missed it. I still have severe cramps very often that are not aligned with my period. They are completely random. I sometimes get severe cramping after inserting a tampon or after sex. I was hoping I would have lighter and shorter periods. They are lighter, but I have to wear a pad or a tampon 3 out of 4 weeks a month. It&rsquo;s insane. The worst part is the cramping, though. It&rsquo;s very painful.
I have been on Nifedipine 30MG for 1 week for High Blood Pressure. Feel shaky inside, legs stay cold, joint aches, insomnia, and skin tingles at night. I take this medicine along with my Losartan.  I hope I can get over all the side effects.
I have been on Keppra for a year and just started Vimpat 6 wks ago.  The Vimpat seems to have controlled my simple partial seizures however, I have noticed the side effects are troublesome.  Some of the side effects are shakes, depression, anxiety, mood swings, dizziness, but the most troublesome is the effect it has on my memory.  It feels like I can 't find my words or I 've forgotten information I should know.  I 'm 50 years of age and have tried many different types of medication in the past 43 years for seizure control and Vimpat is working however the side effects on memory is affecting my job performance. 
This birth control has made me bleed everyday since I had it put in 2 years ago.  It feels while on this implant I have gained weight, gotten facial acne, my sex drive is low and suffering from episodes of depression.  I am much more tired due to getting stressed out much easier but it 's better than being pregnant. I don 't know if I 'll use this again.
I recently switched to Beyaz and since then I 've had awful breakouts on my face. I never got pimples before when I was on Ortho Tri-Cyclen.  I 'm switching back.
I had been on Avinza then insurance change it to generic the about 8 months ago the option was Embeda. Wow what a change took 2 months to adjust now the pain level is tolerable just wack out of my head, no energy just don 't want to do anything but lay around.The main problem is interaction its just no compatible with alot of medications including toradol, allergy medication. I would normally take some 10-325 hydrocodones but the combination is terrible, and where I live smoking weed is legal and it interact 's which tell me this product needs to go it the worst med 's I have had.I getting off it for good its not a good medication and long term I hate to think what its doing to me.
This medicine caused severe lower pain in the back.  Felt like kidney stones.
I started tanzeum in apr 2016. It has brought my numbers down somwehat but not nearly what it needs to be. I will find out in aug for sure if its really working. I usually have an upset stomach and loose stools 1-2 days after ive taken it. When i first started, i felt full pretty quick after i ate but thats kind of gone away. The jury for me is still out, not sure if this is the medication for me.
If you have any sort of history of hair loss in your family, do NOT get this birth control. It 's high in androgenic activity, which in turn can cause hair follicles to shrink and lead to hair loss. I have VERY thick hair, and I had been on Nexplanon until a little over a week ago when I got it removed. I had for it a little over a year, but the hair loss was so gradual, I didn 't notice it until recently after taking a shower and realizing that my scalp was a LOT more visible than it normally is. Now, I 'm consulting with my GP and a dermatologist to get my iron and hormone levels checked to make sure there 's not any lasting damage. I 'm also taking a hair/nail supplement, but I 'm told hair regrowth takes a year at least.
Feel like I have body aches after taking this medication. It seems to keep me awake at night too, which is annoying. Also, I can 't tell whether it is working or my body is fighting off my sore throat by itself. My appetite changed too.
I got mine in February the first 3 months were just like my regular period I bleed for 7 instead of 5, now it 's July 30,2015 and I 've been bleeding since June 24,2015im miserable I can 't go to the pool or the beach, or enjoy simple thing with out having to worry about staining my clothes or wearing a pad, it 's very frustrating I 'm going to talk to my doctor about taking it out
I battle depression, anxiety &amp; severe insomnia also allergies. Knocked me out cold &amp; my allergies seemed under control anxiety a little better. Problem I couldn 't shake being extremely tired the next day. All I could do was sleep which doesn 't help with depression.
Bactrim ds cleared up my infected finger, just like most antibiotics do. The difference is in the side effects. The nausea and diarrhea are worse on this one. But the biggest problem was that my depression which I had under control with medication became worse than ever overnight. I don 't know whether it interfered with my antidepressant  (bupropion xl) or just aggravated the symptoms so much that it was uncontrollable. Either way, I spent a week alternating between despair and rage on a hair trigger. I would not try this again.
I have had the IUD for almost 2 years now. The first year was great. Last month I noticed I 'm more moody have bad acne. I still have not lost my baby weight. I actually weigh more. I feel as if I 'm pregnant. Have migraines, hip and abdominal pain, heartburn. I have taken test but all come out negative. The other girls who have had the same side effects say that urine test will not read you need a blood test or ultra sound. I am making my appointment and having this removed. 
I have had the nexplanon for 5 months now. I hate it &amp; would not recommend it! I was on BC pills for 3 years, but decided to try something different because the pills tend to give me headaches. I have a scar on my arm from the insert &amp; it 's very tender in that area of my arm. I have my cycle 3 weeks out of the month. I was told that my body would have to get use to the Nexplanon but after 3 months everything should be normal. That is not the case! I have gained 10 lbs so far, no sex drive &amp; I am depressed normally all of the time. This was not me before getting the Nexplanon!! I have decided to have it removed &amp; will have my consultation tomorrow. I cannot wait to get back to my BC pills. I rated this a 3 only bc I haven 't gotten pregnant.
55 yr old female, chronic constipation my whole life. I have tried everything, OTC to Linzess which did nothing. I am thin, exercise, high fiber, flax, metamucil, probiotic, and nothing. I go 4-5 days then take 3 ducolax, magnesium citrate and pray. Now that doesn 't work. Colonoscopy ruled out anything &quot;serious&quot;. Prescribed 24mcg Amitiza. Ate breakfast took the pill and within an hour I was SO SICK. I had explosive diarrhea, felt faint, nauseous, cold chills and sweating. Laying on my bathroom floor going back and forth to the toilet, thought I would throw up too. But I went! I did not take it again because of the side effects. Doc gave me 8mcg. I 'm scared to take it. It 's awful that I would even think of taking it again just to go to the bathroom
I got on this pill specifically from my doctor because I was still nursing. She insured me this is pill to get on so my milk supply would not dry up. WRONG. I took it for about 6 days -on the 6th day I started pumping and absolutely nothing came out. Just empty. I also started bleeding. Not heavy very light. I got off of it immediately.
So far been on this for about 3 months now... And I 've gained weight rapidly. My mood swings are way off the wall. I 'm tired just about everyday even after countless hours of rest. My periods are extremely abnormal in which they never were before. Random spotting...which is extra annoying. My past period cycle was so weird because I 've just gotten it and it looked like it was going away, even thought it was lighter it lasted a lot longer than usual. You definitely get pregnancy like symptoms...such has the bloating excessive eating, sensitive nose, mood swings and defintley lots of fluids real easing from you 're body.
Get out of breath easily without any exertion, tired and can fall asleep just sitting in a chair, swelling of feet and ankles.
This medicines side effect for me was really bad constipation. I was in and out the ER for constipation and not one doctor told me it could be this medicine. After getting off of it, it took me 9 long days to have a bowel movement but since getting off of it I am back to normal. This medicine never helped with my overactive bladder.
I have been on birth control for 5 years now. I switched to Apri about a year ago and didn 't think anything of it. I also suffer from Bipolar disorder and not long after that I had a lot of issues with that and ended up being hospitalized and having my meds re-evaluated. On top of that, I gained about 40 pounds. Because I had issues previously I never attributed them to Apri. I had been on birth control for so long, I just assumed they were all the same. 2 weeks ago I switched to an IUD and I 've already lost 5 pounds out of no where despite having worked my butt off for months trying to loose weight with hardly any success. While Apri may not have been the direct cause of my  'episode ', I definitely attribute it to my weight gain.
I was given 1000mg of Azithromycin in the form of four pink pills. I seemed fine for the first hour and a half. Was released from the clinic driving home when I felt nauseous and extreme abdominal pain. I had to pull over I was in so much pain and vomited everything I ate that day. I 'm not sure if I need to get another dosage or not since I vomited literally everything up. I 'll contact my local physician in the morning. So far not a happy camper.
I 've been on Testim for 3 days.  I have no idea if it will increase my T levels or not but the smell is almost too much for me to even care.  I think it smells like an old folks home.  My kids don 't want to be around me because I smell funny.  
I had the Liletta inserted on the 7th of July (exactly a month ago) - The insertion was fantastic, I literally felt nothing (I previously had SKYLA- that was agony when inserted) Since the insertion I have had a fairly heavy period and have had non stop bright red, clotted spotting. I have also develop moderate to severe cystic acne (i had clear skin before) the acne is all down my chest, chack, forehead and dotted across my face. The dermatologist prescribed an antibiotic, I have been on it a week and the acne has gotten worse. Feeling like the Liletta may have been a mistake? The contraception benefit doesn 't seem worth the acne and associated self esteem issues.Considering having it removed... Anyone else had severe acne side effects?
Caused weight loss as well as major hair loss. I lost four inches or more in hair over a year period.
Chugged it down   extra water all at once. Bloated. Worked in about an hour - went on for 3 hours. Took at at 2 am per doctors orders including extra water. Worked just about immediately and went on about  2 1/2 hours.  Worried about accidents so couldn 't go back to sleep.  After colonoscopy today - every time I eat or drink anything I have an explosive event. Am starting to think there is no off switch to this.
Had the IUD inserted as it seemed an easy, safe option. Low dose progestin dosed directly in the uterus where needed. At 42, the 5 years of birth control sounded great. My symptoms started 2 weeks after insertion which proved painful but manageable. I suffered from horrible fatigue. I had the worst lower back, leg, and hip pain for a couple of weeks. Then the constipation hit. I dealt with that on and off for two months. I suffered gall bladder attacks but the ultrasound and functional tests came back clean. I lost my appetite from the abdominal pain and nausea. Then the depression, anxiety, and panic attacks hit. Hoping to recover. It did stop my periods and prevented pregnancy.
I 've been on lexapro for about 2 weeks. The first few days I felt amazing. I just got a kick of energy and happiness. It felt great. Soon after that I was majorly depressed again and back to my suicidal thoughts. Everything that goes along with depression. Hopefully it begins working soon.
I gave this drug a 4 because of what it did to me, and what they didn 't mention at the time, also because what it did to a friend of mines daughter, as far as a seizure drug and mood stabilizer a perfect drug.  controls most seizure in people. But I was on this drug for over 10 years . No one said it could affect my bone density at the time.  At 29 I got diagnosed with osteoporosis. I am not happy. I have multiple back issues now and spinal fractures. They did not heal correctly and I am in constant pain. I have to be on at least 3000mg Vitamin d3 for life.  My friend is older and her daughter was born with brain abnormalities
This medication didn 't come close to helping me the way my regular Adderall does. That being said I am going to stick with what I KNOW works but that 's just me. Now I 've heard others swear by Adzenys &amp; wonder where its been all of their lives which I think is great. Just like any other drug what works for one may be rubbish 4 another. Adzenys is a fairly new drug on the market so of course Drs everywhere are going 2 B pushing it right now. I 've worked in the medical field &amp; I 've seen Drs promote meds that they weren 't even crazy about.. It  just depended on what the drug rep looked like for that particular med &amp; how they themselves were going to benefit by writing the drug. I 'm not saying Adzenys is bad I 'm just saying 4 me it didn 't work.
If you want to sleep a lot, as in all day long and gain lots of weight, enjoy. I am listless, and have pre-diabetes now. 
Claritin seems to help for the first 2-3 day, but loses all effectiveness for me beyond that. All symptoms return.
When I first got ParaGard I was 18, never had children, and had tried a few forms of oral birth control, all of which effected my body terribly. My OBGYN advised me not to get it due to the device being rather large in size and that given my age, the insertion would be extremely painful. Upon insertion my cramps were excruciating for about a week, then became sporadic for about a month. I also experienced bleeding for three months straight. After those few months however, I had lighter periods, no cramping and everything was wonderful, until about a year later I went in for a ultrasound check up, only to discover the device had disappeared. Turns out I 'm in the 0.8% to have this happen. Apparently it happens in younger women. Be cautious.
I was diagnosed with ms in May 31 2016. First we wanted to do tecfadra but insurance wanted me to do something cheaper. In that time I had a horrible relapse. So we choose tysabri my doctor said it was the only other drug strong enough to deal with my ms. After my 4th infusion I tested JC positive and had to be hospitalized. I am no longer on it and I am not a fan of it
This drug works for me but I noticed I need to take it in the day time to as it 's made my RLS worse. I have it all day, every day now. The RLS is making my life absolutely miserable. I 've actually been thinking my life isn 't worth living like this. I 've read that you have to keep upping the dose and I 'm not sure if that means that when it wears off during the night or day will the symptoms get worse and worse accordingly. Right now I can 't relax or rest one bit until I take the half a pill. I believe it also makes me so sleepy during the day I can 't get myself out. I just want to go to sleep but can 't because my legs won 't stop jumping. I 'm going to try and wean off and try something else. I also believe it 's upset my stomach terribly.
3 stars because it induced a BM. I had been constipated for a couple weeks, not no BMs but few and incomplete with bloating and discomfort. From reading the literature I thought this might work, after several hours. But, wham! one hour after taking (on an empty stomach to decrease systemic uptake) I had a large BM. Great, but then I got severe intestinal cramps. Thought I was going to perforate something. After a couple hours then watery explosive diarrhea the rest of the day. OK, it cleaned me out, but at the expense of great pain and inconvenience.  I 'll go back to Senna &amp; Miralax. Perhaps my opioid intake is too high for this? It was tested on people taking morphine equivalents between 30 and 100 mg/day. I take more than that.
I began taking Advair, but after 6 months I began having hand tremors.  I tried Symbicort, but the side effects were too strong for me to tolerate.  My asthma symptoms were improved. I was very nervous and stressed when I tried it twice. I called for advice about the medication and was told that Symbicort, Advair and Dulera are only slightly different in chemical composition.  It was suggested by the pharmacist to call my doctor to discuss trying the other medications. Dulera works well for me now. I do have mild leg cramps. It may be good to contact your doctor and see which medication will give you the least side effects.
Was prescribed pazeo from my eye doctor for allergic conjunctivitis, It does seem like my eyes are clearer, but it gives me an awful  tasting drip in my throat and maybe upsetting my stomach. I 've been taking the medicine for five days one drop in each eye, and was given a sample that lasted the five days. When I got the prescription I was able to use a coupon that brought the price from 190$ to 40$ .... The prescribed bottle was is literally the same size as the free sample I got!!!! It 's only 5 days worth of drops and it 's a 2.5ML bottle. The other thing that bothers me is what is in the drops... Boric acid??? Is this ok to have dripping into my stomach from using in my eyes? Not sure about pazeo yet....
It has helped me a lot but now I think it 's time for a review because the side effects are to many, weight gain, sweating and insomnia.
Agitated, anxious, confused, and feel like a completed idiot throughout the day
A friend of mine suggested Implanon since she had such a great experience. I got mine in July of 2011. I started it while on my period and it lasted for about two weeks with mild bleeding. After that I didn 't have a period until about December/January. At that point I was spotting irregularly. Each month since, I 've been getting heavier and more painful periods. Sometimes they even come 3 weeks after the last. I 've also noticed increased facial/body hair, greasy skin and hair, weight gain, and yeast infections around the time of my period. I 've decided that the side effects are too much to handle and I 'm planning on getting the Implanon removed.
I took the 7 day treatment my symptoms felt better but never went fully went away after 7 days I haven 't experienced the burning but the itching is still present.  It 's irritating because this cream is messy from the start and for a whole week to go by just to have the same results as Diflucan.
I 've just started my second month on Apri and so far I am definitely not satisfied! I get extremely bad cramps, my hair is literally falling out, I have mood swings like crazy I 've completely lost my appetite and somehow I 've gained weight. However, my periods have started back up again (which is what I started them for). This is the only good thing I can say about Apri. I 'm not sure that my side effects are worth it at all.
I didn 't think there was a problem, no immediate reactions, 2 years and I 'd put on 1st5lb, without changing my lifestyle. My (mild) acne seemed to improve and it was great being in control of my periods. Then I became moody, emotional, combative and depressed. Really depressed. I had migraines at least 3 attacks a month, I had hypertension. And because I had put on so much weight I was trying to lose it, playing football 3 times a week and 2 times a week to the gym, no big difference and I ate less than my slim friends. I don 't smoke. I had Hypertension (185/135 being the highest reading). I stopped taking it and now I feel better, lost 10kg, happier, blood pressure is normal. Now I have polycystic ovaries, I blame that pill.
I was given Zofran for nausea.  I took it for one day.  It took care of the nausea but gave me a bad headache so I am asking for something else.
I have used maxalt four times in the last three months. The first time it worked fine and it was gone in a few hours but had heart racing.  The second migraine I was concerned about the side effects but gave a second chance. I had severe throbbing in my head like it was going to explode and then suddenly the migraine broke. My third attempt my migraine was so severe that I had to take a second dose for relief! I find that if I take it on the onset it works but still light headache and felt numbing sensation. My fourth today no relief after 2nd dose. Took 3rd after 4 hours but still feeling migraine. Had slight heart racing and throbbing pain.  I may continue to see if this is right meds. If not, then I think there 's no hope for me!
I cannot tolerate the full adult dose of 2 puffs twice daily. I get joint pain, exzema breakouts, heartburn/sour stomach and irritable/easily frustrated/impatient, (even angry at times) more than necessary.The dose I can tolerate, somewhat, (1 puff twice/daily) is not really effective every day, with every set of triggers, such as catching a cold, or doing yardwork.
I don 't feel like this made too much of a difference and was prescribed to replace Zoloft which I believe was better but made me gain a lot of weight. Getting off of Cymbalta was very hard, although I followed my doctors instructions and decreased very gradually, by the end I had to start taking motion sickness pills due to the dizziness and nausea I experienced from the withdrawals. I also experienced headaches and felt like my eyes would cross every time I took a step. Getting onto it was super easy, I went from 60mg-120mg pretty quickly, and I lowered it from 120-90-60-30 over the course of about 2 months and still dealt with these withdrawal effects. 
Pros: Helps with sleep, Lessens anxiety.Cons: Weight gain, Fatigue during the day, Suicidal thoughts, Depression still.
As far as effectiveness, I did not get pregnant while taking this medication. However, I experienced so many side effects I eventually stopped taking it and switched back to Ortho-tri-lo. I experienced problems with mood swings, irritability, anxiety (racing heart and anxious feelings for no reasons), depression, cramps, spotting, headaches, decreased sex drive, weight gain, breast/nipple tenderness and vaginal irritation. All of these are side effects I had never experienced with Ortho, so I switched back and have little to no side effects. It definitely was not worth the money saved because it made me feel like a crazy person and I really did not have control over my emotions, I would experience all extremes especially anger and crying.
I have been taking Seasonique for about 4 weeks and have been experiencing some bleeding for about 7 days now with some cramping. My spotting went away for a day but came right back. I will stick it out for a few more days but if it persists for over another week I 'm going to stop taking them. I got on the pill to not have a period.
I am currently on my second pack. I have been an emotional roller coaster and will be changing.
I took it for a week. The first time I took it, I fell asleep. But it helps me with focus and thinking clearly. Still, I would go on the Adderall because it lasted longer in my system and I wasn 't so sleepy.
I have been taking this birth control for about 9 months. In the spring I started back on this birth control after taking a break for awhile. In May, I started having migraines. Previously, I had random headaches but they were nothing excedrin couldn 't handle. After getting back on this bc, I had migraines the week of my cycle. I had extreme migraines to the point where I had to go to the doctor and get a shot. I was given a prescription (pills and shots I could give myself). My prescription ran out and I waited a couple of months  until I could return to my permanent home and go to the gyno. while I was off this medicine- no migraines. Just started back a few days ago and I 'm nauseous, experiencing headaches, and emotional again
I started taking this pill five months ago for terrible cramps. The first 3 months were fine. The period was regular and the cramps were nearly non-existent.  My mood has been up and down, and I am always tired. Last month I bled for over 2 weeks and this month I had only a tiny bit of blood. My boyfriend and I use condoms every time just in case so I 'm pretty sure I 'm not pregnant. It 's very scary not having a period.
Had neuropathic pain in right upper jaw after dental work. Tried many different medicines including tricyclic 's eventually put onto Lyrica went up to 900mg as well as Endep 40mg. Couldn 't tolerate Endep, worked my way back down to 600mg Lyrica and after 6 months the nerve pain is tolerable. What I didn 't ' realize was all the side effects that I now believe stems from Lyrica, severe bloating, sore eyes, memory loss, word problems, hand and feet pains, plus more. I have now found that it makes little difference between 75 or 300mg for pain relief. I have difficulty sleeping without any, 75 will eventually help but 300 gets me to sleep faster. After reading so many people complaining about the same side effects, I will be seeing my Dr.
I took Saphris for over a full year along with Wellbutrin, Prozac and Lamictal. I actually became worse since I have been on it. I would say that if you wish to only get a good nights rest, then this is for you, other than that I would not recommend this to anyone. It did not help my anxiety, mood swings or depression. I was switched to Seroquel XR hopefully this will help. But not all of us have the same side effects so maybe Saphris will work well for others.
I had Nexplanon inserted on Nov. 20, 2016. It is Jan. 20, 2016 and I have bled every single day. There was a week of much heavier bleeding and maybe two weeks of moderate bleeding, the rest have been light to moderate without stopping. Some research suggests that Ibuprofen every 6 hours as prescribed or Doxycycline twice a day as prescribed will help to settle the endometrial lining however, neither has worked for me.
Tender breasts, stomach bloating, headaches, weight gain almost immediately and constipation.
I have been on the ring for a few months I have had an increase in appetite, times where I feel nauseated out of no where, I have gained 12 lbs!! I am highly into fitness and can 't seem to shake this extra weight off. Moods def change my bf thinks im crazy now lol. I have dryness and irritation in my lady parts kinda sucks feeling you got a yeast infection 24 hours a day and sex is not so great. I plan on taking this out tonight now looking at all the reviews this def is not for me. Thanks everyone for sharing! I am not alone!
I am on my second week of Contrave.  So far nothing. Zero. No help for my hunger/cravings whatsoever.  If anything I am eating more.  I lost weight on Phenfen but I can 't sleep at all so I went off.I really hope this kicks in because I am up 2 pounds since I started it.Fingers crossed.
I have only been taking it for a couple days and I feel a little irritable and I sleep very well. I 'm only twenty. But I have postpartum depression, I have had two kids. I hope that after a couple of weeks it starts getting better. I tried Cymbalta but the side effects were bad. I was irritable and could not sleep and I was tied all the time.
I think Humira works ok for psoriasis but almost nothing for arthritis.I had to go back to enbrel so I can at least get to work.If you just have psoriasis maybe its ok./
I got this shot bc of a pregnancy scare and it 's only been a week but I 've had non stop brown spotting.  I read about the pill and it said no extreme things.  But now I 'm reading reviews and I 'm totally freaked out and now I can 't get out of it.   The whole point was so I could have sex with no worries but now I don 't have sex bc it would be nasty.  So don 't do what I did,  pay attention to negative reviews!!!!
I got on Wellbutrin Xl 150mg cause I was having a hard time with racing thoughts and depression . It 's been two weeks and my anxiety went up from a 6 to like 100 it also makes me afraid I 'll hurt my self when I get the strong anxiety feeling its weird. I also have been really shaky inside and nausea it 's hard to eat I get so sick at my stomach which isn 't so bad I need to lose some lbs . I told my doc and he is going to add abilify 2 mg to see if it helps . I haven 't picked up the prescription yet till later today. I hope it helps . I just want to feel normal again enjoy life instead of dwelling on everything. 
I have only been on Geodon a few days and I can 't tolerate it. I feel intoxicated, can 't type very well, and am already having some involuntary movements in my face. I am not taking it tonight and will see my doctor tomorrow and request something else.
I tried the mirena for 1 year. The inserting was not painful for me at all but the next day I had level 10 pain and was concerned but all was fine. it ended up completely stopping my periods which was the only thing I loved about it. About 6 months into it sex started to hurt really bad with it and i was also starting to have really bad black out spells. I actually ended up seeing a heart specialist because they thought it was something to do with my heart. I told the specialist I think its my mirena.  I would have the mirena checked on a reg basis by my gyn due to pain and such. One day I ended up getting so fed up with it all I told my gyn to take it out. Since then I have had no issues with blacking out even and sex became non painful.
Started this almost 3 months ago.  My period has always been 5-6 days.  Last month my period was 10 days.  This month I 'm on day 14 with no end in sight! This is a nightmare!
After trying several insulin types of medicines which caused severe itching, I was put on Novolog 70/30. At first there were no side effects, then dizziness started to occur and its getting worse, my ankles are starting to swell and I am putting on weight. I 'm at my wits end.  Novolog is very convenient to use, but unfortunately now I have to go back to doctor and start a new medication and go through trial and error with a new medication which can also be very costly.
I can not vouch for the effectiveness of this drug as a birth control method because the side effects were severe enough for me that I stopped using the drug before having intercourse and seeing it 's effectiveness there. My first week on this particular medication was fine but week two came around and my mood swings were so out of control they affected my ability to function at work. Crying spells came out of nowhere and for a person with a history of Depression this made for a quite intolerable week for myself. My appetite dropped off drastically and my forehead broke out in acne. I have normally very clear skin! Birth control generally does not work well with my brain chemistry.
It worked pretty good for a while.  Didn 't stop the suicidal urges but it was better than other antidepressants I tried.  I had to have the dose increased over time to 90mg to keep getting the same effect, and then it quit working entirely after a couple years, leaving only the side effects to contend with.  Reaching orgasm was pretty difficult and sometimes I would only be able to once every week or two.  It took 3  months to taper off of this, withdrawal was troublesome but not impossible to deal with. 
I first started to take Gabapentin as an off-label treatment for severe anxiety and OCD. While it did calm my intrusive thoughts a little, it in turn made me experience insomnia. I tried supplements and natural sleep aids to try to help me get to sleep at night but to no avail. Due to lack of sleep and perhaps the Gabapentin I began to feel depressed so I got off of it. It may work for others but for me it wasn 't very effective for anxiety or OCD.
I was on tramadol for 3 years and that didn 't work. I was also taking  Gabapentin for fibromyalgia. I started on the patch 5mg then 10mg 7 day patch helped a little for 3 days then became very itchy and very sore and gave me an  allergic reaction to my skin raising it and going red and tender for 2 weeks after patch was removed. 
I got the implant in March 2014 , it didn 't take long to insert but it ached for 5 weeks. For the first 7 months my bleeding was light but now I rarely get a day of no bleeding. I have had side effects since insertion. I 've had nausea, painful cramps, tender breast,  Weight gain and fatigue. It hasn 't been all peachy but I 'm not pregnant. I plan to get it removed it 's more trouble than helpful for me.
I started taking metfromin 500mg 2x a day for my pcos.. and im taking this medication for 3 days now and i am experiencing diarrhea.. hopefully this side effect will be gone soon...
I 've been on Aviane for about 4 weeks. I 'm on my 4th week 4th pill and I have noticed my moods have been horrible. I 'm mad, angry, happy all at once. Also my period usually only lasts 4 days but now that I 'm on the pill I 'm on my 6th day and it doesn 't seem like its slowing down. I hope next month is a lot better.
At the time, I think Viberzi worked for my IBS but it made me nauseous and didn 't feel well.   After the first two weeks, it put me in the bed because I was so fatigued.  Now, I have a prescription that cost over $1,000 that I can 't use because I can 't handle Viberzi.  After the Viberzi, I was craving sugar and so I got some hard candies.  My IBS got better and I thought it might be because it created a lot of saliva which helped with digestion.  Therefore, I got some digestive enzymes with Amylase which is the enzyme in saliva and now,  I am eating all sorts of foods with absolutely no problems except maybe some burping.
Again, this is not for everyone. I had it in for about 11 months. For the first 5 months, I bled constantly, after that it was spotting. However, annoying nonetheless. Insertion was a little painful, but tolerate. The last 4-5 months, that 's when everything started to get worse. It was constant spotting, my acne got worse, gained like 15 pounds, headaches, and fatigue. I am 20, with no kids. I switched to the pill, but I just read reviews on it and it has really bad reviews but I 'm trying it out.
I have only been in this birth control for almost a month. Immediately after the first few pills my breasts began to get very tender and they have definitely grown a bit. I 'm having terrible stomach pains, bloating, nausea, I 'm constantly sad. My acne got worse, but I haven 't gained any weight. I 've been spotting for about 2 days now, but I 'm not supposed to starty period until next Friday. Hopefully all is well, and it 's just my body getting used to the hormones. However, if these symptoms do not clear up within the next month, I 'm going to try to switch or just stay off of the pill. I 'm going insane due to the fact that I feel like I 'm pregnant, but I 'm hoping it 's just the birth control side effects.
Hi everyone, just wanted to share my 8 months experience with Nuvaring..First I was really happy , it helps with my heavy and painful periods for sure!Unfortunately my libido went to zero and even if I took the ring out intercourse was really painful...like sharp razor blades.Also suffered from horrible migraines almost everyday... be careful when you use 1 combines hormones..My neurologist who I saw for my chronics migraines suggest me to take off the ring and see if my migraine will get better.After one week I notice a dramatic change!!No more migraines that was ruin my life, and great no painful intercourse..got my libido back lol!So in general I was not satisfied with nuvaring, had more bad side effects than positive...
I had the Implanon implant for 3 years and loved it! Then I had that replaced with the Nexplanon which is the same exact implant just more visible in xrays and stuff, and I used it for a little over a year. I had high hopes for this implant but the only good thing that came from it was not getting pregnant, possibly because I barley wanted to have sex because I was on my period ALL THE TIME! I went to the doctor and she prescribed me a med to help regulate my periods and it still didn 't help. Just beware if you get this kind you may have your period all the time or it may go away completely if your lucky to be one of those people, I was not.
I was very excited to finally be worry free and have my periods go away. I got Mirena inserted about 2 1/2 months ago and I 've only had one week within all this time that I wasn 't bleeding. I 've always had a heavy flow along with horrible cramps so the only difference now is a little bit lighter and constant spotting every single day. I can 't go in the pool, I can 't have sex, I 've stained pants, I 've had a very horrible experience truthfully. My boyfriend was complaining whenever we did have sex that he felt like something was pinching his penis. the process to have it inserted is very uncomfortable and a little internal pain. I 'm planning on having it removed as soon as possible because I haven 't had one benefit from mirena.
I had Kyleena inserted on July 25ish. Insertion was uncomfortable but bearable and it was all over in 2 minutes, truly the build up of insertion is worse than actual insertion. The first month was not bad, mild cramps and a little bit of bleeding. However once the second month hit was the Kyleena experience went downhill for me. I get severe stab-like cramps nearly daily. Bleeding increased into the second significantly. I went to my 6 week follow up and my doctor convinced me to keep it in. Following my appointment the bleeding has gotten a little better but the cramps continue, I have gained 9 lbs and have significantly more acne on my face and chest. I have scheduled my appointment to get it removed.
I get migraines with aura so i cannot be on the pill. I got the paraguard (nonhormonal) june 2015. My body could not adjust. I would get my period at random times, very irregular, sometimes lasting 14 days. The periods were very heavy and clotty. I would fill a super tampon every hour. Back pain, breast pain, and shooting leg pain down to my foot. It took 7 months for my body to adhere to a regular cycle with no spotting; however, the pain and heaviness remained. I put up with it for 1 year and 3 months. With Preventing pregnancy- works like a charm, but side effects were too painful for me. Finally i had enough. I got it removed and just got the Nexplanon (progesterone only) inserted into my arm. Wish me luck
Several years of vascular dementia and growing increasingly worse now, my 89 year old mother started aricept during the last month.  First day she was like a new person, clear thinking with memory, energy, and motivated.  Second day much less, and was dizzy and constipated by 6th day.  Now appearing more confused than without the drug.  Not a good experience, will be moving on.
I think this drug is causing ringing in my ears.
I 'm 24 yrs old. I got the Mirena after giving birth to my daughter who is now almost 3 yrs old. My husband and I used to have a great sex life but it all ended after getting this birth control. Mirena is very effective preventing pregnancies however this is the side effect that I 've experienced.
I was prescirbed 15mg at night so scared to take this after what i had read so i started on just a quarter of a tablet and thank god i did this tiny piece of tablet nearly had me passing out what would a whole one do?
I have been taking Tramadol ER 100 milligrams 3 times a day for over 6 years I have found out that in the beginning it helped but now as my pain has increased and my disease become more severe it doesn 't help at all I have never experienced any side effects other than constipation when I add it with the rest of my meds such as Vicodin to help with the pain. I do realize that when I am taking the Vicodin it does give me the itches other than that I can 't say I 've experienced any other side effects.
Flu hit me bad on a Monday night/Tuesday morning. Sore throat, aches, low grade fever. I wasn 't getting better by Thursday so I went in that night and tested positive for influenza A. Took first dose that night with a big dinner. next morning I only had a snack (bc it says just a snack is fine) I was throwing up bad within 30 minutes. Called the pharmacy &amp; thankfully you can take meclizine with it. Next dose Friday night I ate A LOT &amp; took half a meclizine &amp; I was fine. I 'm on my 2nd dose Saturday night &amp; still feel sick. I 'm sad b/c I thought I 'd be near the end of the flu by now. My throat isn 't as bad but my body is still so weak &amp; I have a headache. I 'll still take it, bc I bet I would have gotten worse, &amp; I 'm a mom
Seemed to help at first but now it doesnt seem to work as well. I 've been on it 3-4 months now. It 's very expensive. I 'm with United HC and its $60 a month.
I was super excited to get this birth control because I wouldn 't have to worry with taking a pill. Mirena or any IUD was NOT an option for me. Wouldn 't have that if my life depended on it! Anyways, I had the Nexplanon places Aug 6, 2015. Today is Dec 31, 2015 and I 'm planning on having it removed soon! First off, I have had brown discharge since the day it was placed.. and have only have maybe one period. There literally hasn 't been a day that I haven 't had to wear either a panty liner or a pad due to the discharge. Second, I have had headaches at least 4 days a week since I had my BC placed. Third, my mood swings are crazy!! However I have always been the type to get aggravated easily, I 've never been this hateful! Over it!!!!!!!!
I am a 19-year white female who has been on this pill for approximately two months. In beginning, I couldn 't tell a difference in much of anything. I starting spotting which just turned into my period that lasted like normal and wasn 't too heavy. I haven 't had any cramps to date, but cramps were never bad before the pill anyways. Acne has always been a struggle for me but the pill seems to have mellowed it out just a tad bit. But here is my number one complaint (with two parts lol), I experience so many UTI within my first month. SO many! Once I got those under control, the emotions went haywire. I would get VERY angry with people and my temper became very short. This side effect has yet to wear off. Very annoying.
I 've been using this product for 5 weeks now. Before this, I have mild acne on the forehead and cheeks. I went to dermatologist and the specialist prescribed me this product to apply on my entire face every night for 2 months. And after 1 week using this adapalene cream, my acne gets worse and worse. Pimples keep popping out everywhere on my face even on areas that have never had pimples before. I am still using it because it does says on the brochure that the product 's effect may be seen after 8 weeks. I 'm using Aiken Tea Tree Oil for my pimples so that they will  'shrink ' and heal quickly. So for the time being, I 'm just gonna bear with all the acne on my face and wait for miracles of Differin Adapalene cream to work.
5 wks in no weight lost. Flit back and forth with one lb. Side effects faded three wks in but not terrible. Headache @first. Workouts started this wk.
I have used the Dulcolax pink a few times now, and even though it says it gentle, my tummy cramps so bad! It 's just awful when I have to use a laxative. I drink plenty of water so that isn 't the problem. Hopefully I will find a laxative that truly is gentle.
I have been on Axiron for about 3 months. The first month I only did one pump and noticed a big difference in energy and clarity. My T levels were at 395. However, the effects began to wear off and the doctor asked me to go to 2 pumps instead. That helped for a while but I believe the fatigue is coming back. I don 't want to use a lot of this. I need to get my levels checked again, but after a month and a half they had actually dropped quite a bit. I was also on steroid for a nasal issue which I am sure didn 't help.
I took Trinessa for 6 months before I realized it was my birth control that was making me severely ill every day. From about August-February I was overcome by nausea and vomiting. I ended up in and out of the hospital numerous times and ultimately lost 60 pounds from vomiting. Trinessa is effective in preventing pregnancy, but not worth the side effects.
Been on this med for 5 weeks. First of all the med definatly has helped my mood. I have been feeling mentally fantastic like I had felt 10 years ago before being depressed. All cobwebs gone thinking clearly and getting everything done and accomplished . Well this is where the down fall starts. Cant stop moving until I am so tired I pass out.I do sleep well and through the night but only seem to need  less than 6 hours verus 8 in the past. Legs, feet, arms and hands hurt. They tingle with numbness, feel heavy as bricks weak and rubbery and so swollen I cant hold anything or walk. I am picking up a deep cough and my throat is starting to feel closed up. It was nice to feel clear happy and not depresssed for this time but I need to walk.
DON 'T VAPE!! I was prescribed this drug for BV after getting an abnormal pap and Colposcopy done. All doctors and pharmacists are quick to tell you that you should not drink with it. That is very true, after taking this drug for 5 days and feeling awful from it, I decided to go ahead and drink a few beers. So nauseous! HEED THE DOCTORS WARNING ON THIS!!!! Finally threw up and took a nap and felt much better. I DID NOT know that the PG (in my vape juice) is why I felt so bad for the whole first 5 days. It actually was a Vape site that made it clear to me. I understand that all info can be found in a leaflet that you get when you pick up the med, I just didn 't put it together about PG and it being in almost all my e-juice.
I have been on Nexplanon for the past two years. When I first got the implant, everything was going great until a month into it. My mood changed drastically due to the hormones and I wanted it out as soon as possible. I was told to wait a few months to get used to it so I abided by this. 4-6 months in, I started getting horrible acne, and I am now on two different prescriptions to (hopefully) get rid of it. The acne won 't go away and my dermatologist said it won 't until I get the implant taken out. Fast forward to today, I have been continuously bleeding for three weeks, going on four, (have never bled on Nexplanon before) and can 't take it any longer. Nexplanon was great, up until now and the other side effects.
I left a review a month after I was on this pill and gave it a 10/10. Now after three months, my opinion and experience has changed entirely. 1. I have never had a yeast infection and I am 99% sure I had one and it is finally gone after a couple of weeks. 2. My periods are painful and heavy. 3. I am currently experiencing heavy bleeding while having a week left of my pills (i.e. I 'm not supposed to be on my period until next week).I am very concerned and am calling my gyno tomorrow to switch pills immediately. I loved the pill I was on a year ago (ortho tri cyclen lo) so I think I 'm going to look into it again.Please disregard my last review under Lindsey S.
I have been taking Brisdelle for 7 months. I wanted to give it a fair chance.  I had fairly severe hot flashes but no other problems relating to menopause.  I went from having about 15 hot flashes a day to about 10.  The severity was a bit better but I still had a lot of sweat with each flash especially at night.  It was very expensive and my health plan didn 't cover it so I came off.  Weaned myself off very slowly over a six week period.  The withdrawal is pretty severe.  Feelings of vertigo and dizziness.  Nausea and zaps.
I started taking farxiga after not being able to control type 2 diabetes . I was taking Janumet . Since I been on farxiga for 3 months it had given me yeast infections, sore throat, runny nose and frequent urination . I am going to speaks to my Dr to see if I can try somethings else the side effects are so scary and bothersome .
Had to stop taking it--it made me light-headed and extremely tired.
Severe bloating , abdominal pains. When it does work , I get diarrhea along with cramps.  I actually think this made me more constipated.
I don 't think this is working.....Now I have Psoriasis all over my hands!!!  this is also supposed to be used to TREAT PSORIASIS!!
My doctor convinced me to try Nexplanon after years of extremely heavy and prolonged bleeding. I tried many types of oral contraceptives to control the bleeding but nothing helped. I had nexplanon inserted and had spotting for 3 months, my doctor said it would quit within 6. It didn 't, so I was told to wait 12 months. Still bleeding every day, some heavier than others. I still had cysts and side effects similar to birth control. The only thing that stopped the bleeding was additional birth control pills. I kept it because up until 2.5 years I was told it would quit, and constant light bleeding was better than extremely heavy bleeding I experience on over half of days. The only positives were ease of insertion and effective birth control.
I had a very bad reaction to Dyazide for high blood pressure.  After 3 days, I was overwhelmed by disorientation, heart palpitations, muscle cramps in my feet and legs, dizziness, and nausea.  Although I was drinking a great deal of water, I was found to be severely dehydrated with electrolyte imbalance.
My 7 year old was placed on this for ADHD. Although it did wonders for his academic progress as if a light was instantly turned on. His personality changed. He went from occasional outbursts to full blown temper tantrums, hitting, swearing. Like he was posessed by the devil. He couldn 't sleep for days. Needless to say he is off it. We are now trying foclain. Not as many emotional problems. But not as focused. We 'll hopefully find the right one.
Had neuropathic pain in right upper jaw after dental work. Tried many different medicines including tricyclic 's eventually put onto Lyrica went up to 900mg as well as Endep 40mg. Couldn 't tolerate Endep, worked my way back down to 600mg Lyrica and after 6 months the nerve pain is tolerable. What I didn 't ' realize was all the side effects that I now believe stems from Lyrica, severe bloating, sore eyes, memory loss, word problems, hand and feet pains, plus more. I have now found that it makes little difference between 75 or 300mg for pain relief. I have difficulty sleeping without any, 75 will eventually help but 300 gets me to sleep faster. After reading so many people complaining about the same side effects, I will be seeing my Dr.
21, I got it a week after my second child because  there was no way I was having another,I 've had the implanon for 15 mo. I 'm taking it out next week. My periods are all over the place, sometimes I have one for 2 days sometimes I have 2 in a month for a week.Iv 'e gained so much weight, I started eating better and less, I work out for a hour everyday at the gym. And not one single pound has been lost. I can 't do it anymore.
So, i finally got this thing out today and i wanted to share my experience somewhere. (I am 19)  Over a year and a half ago i had nexplanon inserted in to my arm. I have never had sex, so it 's primary focus was to help me with just overall period regulation. The month after i got this in, my period stopped and still has not came back. I was so upset to give that luxury up with the removal of it. So here is one pro: no period at all for me!  Unfortunately, the con list is much longer..I actually do not know why i kept this in so long, bc the way it made me feel was not worth it.  I feel a very heavy gloom over me, my nerves, emotions and anxiety were all going crazy. I gained almost 70 lbs and i have never been unhappier. Not for me...
This is the WORST med ever! There is absolutely nothing &quot;gentle&quot; about it. I 've tried it 3 x 's &amp; have given up. First the cramps were unbearable, to the point where the pain was so bad I started sweating real bad, my hands were clammy, I was dizzy, I felt like I was dying. I literally almost passed OUT! They need to pull this off the market!
I have been switching from birth control to birth control, trying to find what works the best with my body. Lutera is okay; my acne is manageable, no weight gain/loss, and no depression. I don 't like how it makes me nauseous a lot, but maybe that 's just with the starting months. I really don 't like how it is giving me cramps (I 'm nowhere near my period week) and COMPLETELY took away my sex drive. It scares me when a medication gives me a certain reaction, but it scares me even more when the medication takes something away from me that I was fine with.
I 've been taking this medication for 6 years. Just last month the  pharmacy gave me this other brand which had U03 on it. I 've never seen this one before. The  effectiveness of this was not good. It made me sick to my stomach also. I 've never had a issue with 10/325  hydrocodone until this months supply. Will never get these again!
Within days of getting the implant I was ridiculously emotional to the point that I couldn 't control myself. I had random crying outbursts. I became EXTREMELY anxious. It began causing issues in my relationship because my boyfriend couldn 't understand why I was questioning everything, freaking out over his driving and little unimportant things that I never worry about, I was overly worried about my college assignments to the point of obsessiveness, I formed acne as well. I just had it removed because I 've been spotting every day since it was placed in, in January 2016, it is now October 2016 and I began to form a constant period odor that was not pleasant for me or my boyfriend.
I was diagnosed with Polycystic Ovarian Syndrome 18 years ago. My experience has been horrible. Very irregular cycles. Ranging from massive bloat, extreme flow, severe cramps, night sweats and facial hair. I maybe have 3 periods every 2 years.  Finally my doctor put me on Metformin.  The side effects for me are pretty bad.  Mainly stomach pain and diarrhea.  I work through it because I know my body will adjust. I 've heard great things about this medicine and I 'm willing go through a little discomfort to improve my irregular cycle.
Just started taking this pill on Sunday and its now Friday.  First two days severe migraine then everyday after I felt great.  The only downfall is that I started taking this to control my acne and I feel its just making it worse.  I 've always heard it will get worse before it gets better so I 'm going to try to stick it out.  I just hope that 's the case. If not I guess I 'm going to have to try another option. I 'm trying to be patient but when it comes to something like this it 's hard.
I 've had Nexplanon for 6 months....VERY effective at preventing pregnancy but have been experiencing terrible side effects. Major weight gain, unpredictable bleeding, acne, worsening depression and zero sex drive. Getting it removed this month. Do not recommend!
Second day on the liquid version of this medicine. Last night I had extreme stomach pains and actually vomited. Tonight I have diarrhea and once again nausea. Although the medication is helping the strep throat, the side effects are insane
I am a 68 yr old woman and I used this medication for almost 2 weeks. I will never take this medication again. It relieved my seasonal allergies great (runny/stuffy nose and extremely watery eyes) but the side effects were not pleasant and absolutely not worth going through. I experienced; very bad muscular back pain close to my spine, had muscle aches that were all over the place, my hair and body became very very oily, and I had itching on my torso, face and back of head but no rash.  The back pain was next to unbearable.  All the symptoms have pretty much subsided after 4 days off of it.  Never again for me.
I 've been on Belviq one day and my body went crazy. I 'm experiencing a cooling/menthol sensation throughout my entire body. It 's weird. Vaginal pain as well. I 'm so uncomfortable. I just want this out of my system. The drug is probably a great one that will do what it 's supposed to but for me it 's making me crazy. I 'm not sure if I gave my body enough time to &quot;detox&quot; off phentermine. I took my last pill yesterday and started Belviq today so I 'm not sure.
Be careful. I was prescribed this at 20mg for my depression and ADHD last February. For the first few months it was a miracle. It took care of all my symptoms, and even obliterated my social anxiety. As the drug became less and less effective over the months though, I became more and more depressed and that 's when the miracle pill suddenly became a burden. Doctor prescribed me 30mg, worked for two days, then nothing. Not to mention at that dose the crash was awful, some days I would cry over everything and wish I was dead thinking there was no point to life. That 's where abuse came along. Some days I was taking up to 60mg just to feel normal (without doc 's approval). Overdosed on 400mg and almost died. Be careful please, always think twice.
headaches  metallic taste on occasiom low back pain insomnia and  very odd dreams
Well like all women are different, I have had this implant for about 6 months now, I used to be a very happy go lucky girl, I 'm 21 btw; well this implant is making me very irrational and emotional, aside from this I had very very thick hair prior to the insertion.  I now have experienced a lot of hairloss due to this. Although I have not been pregnant I have had very different body odor my husband says it is not the same as it used to I 'm a very clean person! Aside from not getting pregnant which is the only plus to this contraception contraption I have had menstrual cycles that last between two months on end. Very annoying. Also making sexual encounters rather drier, I used to be niagra falls now I 'm death valley... i cannot wait to remove it
After 1st tablet I needed the toilet about 100 times, terrible headaches unable to move eyes and very dizzy, sore ankles, finally threw the last tablet away ankles still sore but no more blinding headaches.
Did help with bladder control but stopped due to side effects - symptoms of common cold, aching, chills, mild diarrhea.
Weight gain (more than when I was pregnant), irritability (I don 't want to be bothered by anyone or anything), acne, decreased sex drive.. it 's the only birth control that I haven 't gotten pregnant on, but it 's not worth it because of the person I 've become. Taking it out soon.
I 'm going on a year and a half on depo. I got on depo because I need a birth control to keep cysts from form on my ovaries and the pill makes me crazy. I 've done nothing but lose weight on depo. I 'm a small person to being with but I can 't gain weight to save my life. I 've tried everything. Also my periods were always short and I had clots but the periods weren 't heavy. I have one cycle every round of my shot (around the end of the second month) but throughout my whole shot I would get cramps from hell. They would have me in the floor crying almost passing out then I would start bleeding for a day or two. That is on top of already having a period. My boobs are sore almost 24/7 and when I say this shot made me bipolar. I 'm done with depo!!
I started off with implanon, I loved it and was great. When it timed out the doctors switched my implanon out with nexplanon, assuring me it was an even better form of implanon. What I can tell you is that the nexplanon is highly effective, no pregnancy scares here. But what I can tell you is I 've had some of the worst cramps of my life on this. Sometimes it 's regular cramps and sometimes it 's so severe I throw up. I have stuck it out for over a year with nexplanon but after no explanations for the pain- I am ready to have it removed. The three years on implanon were good but nexplanon is not so much. And don 't get me started on the day to day feeling of just being sick all the time. I hope this post help some of you.
I 'm writing for my 94 year mother. As her care taker, this medication made her legs scaly or flakey skin. I thought it was dry skin. The Dr changed her medication and the dry flakey skin went away.
I had my first child at 18 got the Implanon exactly 6 1/2 weeks after having my son. I have bled evey day since the day having it put in. I 'm not sure if my young age has anything to do with it or not but I 'm considering having it removed. But on the plus side it 's the only protection we use and I haven 't had anything close to a pregnancy scare so it is very effective..
My very 1st time I tried a very small crumb of Subutex 8mg and that one small crumb gave me an extreme amount of energy the 1st couple times taking it. Now when I take just a small amount I get very dizzy on it, Ive nodded out on it and at night I cannot hold my eyes open, I would have to sleep it off, only to wake up with a terrible headache! Id would rather take Suboxen strips in low does, Suboxen does not do any of this to me. Maybe it just me and my body cannot tolerate this med.
I took Loestrin Fe 24 for 8 months, and while my acne certainly improved and my period was lightened, that 's about the only compliments I can give this medicine. I took my pill every day at the same time. Rarely was I ever late in taking it. Despite all that, my libido decreased exponentially, I had two small periods during the month and experienced radical mood swings (feelings of anger, depression and anxiety). To those of you who have had a good experience with this pill, I 'm happy for you. 
I had the worst experience with the Implanon implant. I did my research before I got the implant and it seemed to be a great choice for my first time being on birth control. I was 20 when I got it. The first month all I wanted to was SLEEP! All I did was work eat and sleep I tried my hardest to stay up and go out but i just didn 't have the energy. The doctor informed me that I would bleed for about 3months once I got the implant and then I would have a period once a month. That was not the case at all. I bled the entire time I had it until a got it removed on 10-23-13(the best day of my life)! I gained 20 pounds in 7 months and it was pretty much impossible for me to lose weight. It didn 't do anything to me sex drive. Do Not Get It!
I am on Janumet and started Farxiga about 3 months ago. Since then I have been constantly nauseated, losing approx 10lb from not wanting to eat. My cholesterol has gone up and and my triglycerides were over 600 (normal is under 150). I am going to see my doctor tomorrow so he can advise me. My hgbA1C was 7.2 and went down to 6.4. Not unusual for someone not eating much though. Not sure if the nausea is from this med or something else, but seems like the symptoms started shortly after I started taking Farxiga.
I have PCOS and I struggled a lot with weight. Since taking the pill I 've lost at least 15 pounds within the 3 months of taking it. However, the acne is the worst painful ones I 've ever experienced. Large multiple deep cystic acne. I guess I 'll deal since the weight loss is a positive...
I was switched from Levora to this. I never had issues with Levora but I hate Portia. I get cramps and pain randomly throughout the whole month. My right breast has gotten nearly a half cup bigger, despite my weight being stable. I feel bloated a lot and have cut carbs to try to fix it. This is my third pack so I was hoping the side effects would have subsided by now but they haven 't. I am not impressed and hope Levora comes back on the market or whatever is going on with it because Portia sucks. Also, they have red dye in them, something I try to avoid. I waited to review until I had been on it a while to see if I was biased because of the dye but there 's definitely an unwelcome change going on in my body that is really frustrating.
I 've been on this medication for almost 2years now. It was prescribed to me 4 nerve pain. 
I was prescribed Bactrim DS for folliculitis. It did nothing except make me tired and gave me a yeast infection. Trying Keflex now and hoping for better results.
Horrible medication with tons of side effects.  I have tried this stuff twice over a 15 year period and this time was much worse....all the side effects listed I got to experience within two weeks of taking this drug with slow introduction.  And I still got migraines even while taking it...and now I have to take eye medication on top of wheezing, felt like puking, dizzy, edgy and wanting to kill myself.  Throw this one in the waste basket and try the alternatives before touching this stuff.
Used it for a mth  and having the weirdest seizures ever
Was prescribed gabapentin for neuropathy and off label for restless leg syndrome. I ramped up the dosage over three weeks to 600mg three times daily. It did decrease both sets of symptoms. It also sent me into major depression. When I eased off the medicine (all under doctor 's supervision) the depression eased completely. 
Not really impressed with this. Ortho-Cyclen was much better for me. I have been on it for 9 months and at first it was ok but after a while I would get painful, heavy periods the first day, backaches during period, breasts hurt all the time, and no sex drive whatsoever.  Will be coming off of this soon.
I received the Nexplanon about 4 months ago. I 've had on and off bleeding and spotting for the past 3 months, sometimes heavy and sometimes brown spotting. No weight gain and more pimples than usual on my chest and back. I have experienced mood changes, somewhat of a depression and immense fatigue at times. Sex drive has decreased noticeably. I do not feel like myself. May consider removing it at 6 months if issues have not resolved and the doctor will allow it.
I am in my early 40 's and have been dealing with severely heavy bleeding, fibroids, and endometriosis. I was prescribed sronyx after a myomectomy I went through in order to help control my bleeding. However it hasn 't worked for me. It 's been 7 months since my procedure and although I has lighter bleeding the first couple of months after the procedure, my symptoms have all resurfaced. I am having heavy bleeding once again with cramps, clots, and lasts for about 9 days. Perhaps I need to try another pill?
I liked Nexplanon for not having to remember to take a pill everyday and it did it 's job. Apart from light spotting for the first 2 month I had no period for the other 15 months.  Down sides were I put  2 stone on which is not budging. I had horrendous irritable bowel syndrome which thankfully disappeared the day it was removed. It took 8 months to have it removed as it had gone too deep in my arm and so had to wait for hospital appointment. Even though it was 9mm deep it didn 't hurt having it removed. Just waiting for my 2nd period off, they appear to be every 6 weeks but lighter and shorter (3-4 days). Just wish the weight would go now
I have been on the Implanon for two years and it 's OK expect I have gained weight and I still have my period I think it 's because the day I got it my period was on and it 's lasted for a month then it went off for like 2 months now it 's regular.
I took 2 of these around 9:30 last night. This morning around 5AM I woke up with stomach cramping that put any pain I have felt before to shame. About 4 hours later I started vomiting profusely. Finally after an enema I relieved my bowels. Never again will I put myself through this agony. NO THANK YOU. I will drink some mag citrate next time.
I was prescribed Cheratussin AC for a cough due to acute bronchitis. However, it seems to make the cough worse. My body wants to cough up phlegm, and the medicine tries to suppress the coughing reflex. That makes my body try even harder to cough up phlegm, and just ends up giving me a headache and a throat that hurts more.
I was reading some of these comments and thought to myself, why would these women take plan B if he didn 't cum inside then say &quot;oh it worked&quot;. Makes me laugh. If you are going to write a review about this, I don 't want to hear about how it worked even though he technically didn 't ejaculate inside.  ALSO it would help a lot of women if you stated when you where ovulating or where you are at on your cycle. THANK YOU. I took this pill 2 hours after my bf finished INSIDE ME, not pre jizz, not thought he did, he did! anyways, we did it on May 9th, expected to start my period May 16th (one week later). So I took this pill a week after I ovulated. SIDE EFFECTS: hot flashes, short cramps for like 2 seconds, and acne, also moody.
I get severe headaches from this medicine
I got the implant back in Feb this year , a few days after Having a baby .well I look pregnant again .I 'm not happy with gaining weight
I have tried probably over 15 birth control pills since 2005.  I have a health condition that makes it a bit harder for me to be on higher dose bcp 's.  I was on Errin for 6 months and was bleeding nonstop, so my doctor changed me to Lo Loestrin Fe.  I have been on it for exactly 1 month and I wish I would have never touched this medicine.  In 1 month I have gained 7 lbs, I am extremely emotional (I broke down crying watching a cooking show for goodness sake), constant heart burn, bad headaches every other day, can 't sleep, I am thirsty constantly...the list goes on.  To me the side effects are not worth it.
Has help sudden urges but still have frequent urination
First brand of birth control ever, was feeling iffy about it from the start since the doctor said it was a &quot;very basic brand&quot; to start me off with. A week in and I was getting a headache after every pill, along with nausea, bloating, spotting, and just a general feeling of being constantly hungover. Fortunately I was taking it at night but it would mean I would be like a zombie for the rest of the time. I 'm only just finishing the first pack but I already called to get switched to another brand. Not a fan.
I started taking Saxenda 2 months ago. At first I felt like it was working. I am down 7 pounds the start of my 3rd month taking Saxenda   I am not sure it is working the best for me. I still am  hungry all the time but have been really trying to change my eating habits. I have no thyroid and am tired all the time.  I just got my levels checked and my doctor said they are right where he wants them to be. He feels I should have lost a lot more weight then I have.  I am hoping some one has some advise for me on what I can do.
I got prescribed Doryx, along with two topicals, Aczone in the morning and Ziana at night, when I was having moderate acne. I never have had extremely bad acne but I started to get multiple extremely painful pimples so I decided to get some treatment. The Doryx along with the two topicals work great, still get a few pimples here and there but much better than before. HOWEVER, with the coverage on my insurance this pill costs me $75 for a bottle of 30, 200mg tablets. It was $25 when I first started taking it about a year and a half ago and has just gone up in price ever since. Works great but is extremely expensive in my opinion.
I 've been on a couple of birth control pills since I was 17. I 'm 24 now and I just started Portia. I 've noticed bad bloating and weight gain. I workout a lot and I 've felt HUGE over a week now. I 've also had mood swings and BAD acne.
My nine year old son was put on this for impulsivity, lack of ability to pay attention and retain things at school, and to help the &quot;spazzy&quot; moments. At first he was a walking zombie so we gave it at night. Eventually he was able to switch to taking it in the morning as his body got used to it. But still he would crash as soon as he got home from school. He says the medicine makes it hard for him to sleep in anymore even though he 's tired. He is less spazzy and can pay attention better. But I don 't know what to do about the emotional roller coaster we get from him being so tired from it towards the late afternoon or evenings. He just seems too sedated. I want him to be able to focus. But not be blah. It seems like it took his happiness.
I had protected sex 2 days ago but the condom broke as soon as my boyfriend pulled out. Some of it got on my leg and he freaked out so he bought me a plan b the next morning (better safe than sorry). I took it about 20 hours after I had sex. This morning i woke up with extremely horrible side effects. I have never felt this sick. I feel like I 'm hungover/ on my period/have the flu. It hurts just to move and even just laying down still I feel pain. I have a runny nose and occasionally really bad cramps and lightheadedness. I hope I never have to take this again and I hope these symptoms go away soon because. My mom is freaking out that I just randomly got this &quot;sick&quot; when I was fine last night. (She doesn 't know I have sex)
I 've been on Sronyx for about 4 weeks now. The 2nd week into it I was extremely moody and emotional. I 've always been physically active, but lately its made me lethargic. It definitely increased my appetite and now that I 'm on my fourth week, I 'm extremely bloated.
Well, I 've also been on zanies, clanazepapam.  I found that lorazepam is for longer term maintenance of  anxiety - Not panic attacks. I just got off of 2mg. 3x a day. Just cause it wasn 't helpful. But it does work.
I have been taking Portia for 7 months now. Everything was fine the first 6 months and than all of a sudden I got really bad acne. I have also noticed I have crazy mood swings and so has my boyfriend. I am going to switch .
Took this about 10 minutes ago.  At 1:25ishpm on Feb 26 2017.  Will let you know how it works later.
I 've had my Paragard IUD for right at a year it was put in for  Abnormal Uterine Bleeding. After insertion I did get a little bit of bleeding and then immediately I got my period. It became regular after that. On September 1st, I got spotting that wasn 't normal for me, then a week later got what I thought would be my normal period. It is not normal - 46 days later and I 'm still bleeding. At 19 days, I was told that it was steroid injections I was getting in my neck after a minor car accident I was in. I stopped getting them and no change. 2 weeks ago, I went back to the gyno and they put me on progesterone and said that it should stop the bleeding in 10-14 days. During the time I was on the progesterone, the bleeding became lighter. Now 4 days after I finished the progesterone, its back to Heavy
My family doctor prescribed me 60 of the 10mg tablets (one every 12hrs) and this is day 2 and I still don 't feel any different. I still give it a 3 because I have faith its going to start working.
Made me exhausted everyday (wanted to sleep 24-7) and had changes to menstrual cycle.
10 weeks and cured of hepc. Side affects were tiredness, lose of appetite, uncontrollable chills, weight loss,weakness. Its been 5 months after treatment and now and my 25 lb weight loss is permanent.I take oxycodone for the pain in my bones and back. Lost eye sight in one eye .My hep c is gone but my health is also gone.
I 'm due for my second shot next week. I 'm very torn about getting it. When I got the shot, I didn 't have any side effects. (at first) Every month since the shot I bleed for about 3 weeks straight. It really bothers me. One of the main reasons I got on it was to try to help my periods. Just makes them worse!
I had been struggling with OCD and anxiety and rage issues for a very long time.  I decided to get help after my daughter was born.  I was put on a myriad of different pills until Effexor.  It calmed me down, and my OCD is almost non-existent.  But miss a dose and you will be sick like you 've never felt before!  Think of the worst flu you ever had...it 's kinda like that but worse.  And all the anxiety comes back in full force.  It has really helped me to function,  but I would never have gotten on it if I knew how bad it was to get off it.  Try everything else before taking this.  It will help but at what cost?
I am 21, very fit and active. Although I 've had two kids, I only weigh about 140, and I work out daily (4-5 days a week) I walk 3.5 miles a day and go to the gym. I began taking Zarah in hopes that it wouldn 't cause weight gain, however, I have gained 5lbs in the first week. Not to mention I cannot lose the weight no matter how hard I try! Keep in mind I also diet. I have retained so much fluid, and this medicine caused crazy mood swings and irritability. I also bled when I wasn 't on my period. I stopped using zarah about a week ago... I 've lost those 5lbs, no more mood swings and I feel much better.
I am a 38 year old female diagnosed with MSK, Overactive Bladder and Stomach Ulcers. I 've been prescribed Vesicare and have been taking it for a few weeks. I have noticed that I 'm not getting up as much at night but I still sometimes have to run to the restroom during the day. My concerns after taking this med is I 'm not feeling like myself. And after reading the side effects I have noticed that I 'm experiencing everything listed literally. I 'm also afraid it may be interacting with my other meds. This medication is expensive also, don 't think I should continue to use it especially since I 'll have to take it for the remainder of my life. Continuing on my search for relief.
I 'm 28 and have been on Loestrin 24 for 6 months and I 'm getting off it. I expected some side effects with Birth Control but I can 't take this. I get CRAZY mood swings, I 've gained weight and I 've lost my sex drive. Also, I haven 't had a period in 6 months, not even spotting. Been on Yaz and Ortho before and can 't remember side effects being like this. 
I have been on latuda for 3-4 years at 40 mg. I also take celexa for my bipolar 1 disorder . The latuda has helped me feel better but the weight gain of 50 lbs I put on has depressed me to the point that I stopped taking latuda this week. So far I have just experienced some insomnia and racing thoughts. I pray that these symptoms will pass soon. I am looking into treating my bipolar1 with vitamins and minerals. If you have any suggestions or thoughts please share them. I am hoping to lose all the weight I gained. Thank you and God Bless.
I have been on Gianvi for about a year. I was on Ocella but they no longer carry it. I first loved it but now I 'm so emotional.  I 'm a very out going person and also have that zip and now I 'm totally different.  My mood swings are up and down, my sex drive is gone. The doctor put me on it because of migraines I get from the pill but also because I have endometriosis.  I continually take it for 3 months and off for one month.  After talking to the nurse today I found out that Gianvi has more progesterone and less estrogen.
I have been taking 5 mg of Ambien for quite a while. It has, however, been making me wake up, every hour on the hour, and I eat and eat through out the night. Years ago I took Ambien and I would wake up and I would find crumbs in the bed and would not remember even eating anything. Let 's just say, I gain  'unneeded ' weight...... ;( I told my psychiatrist today that I want to stop taking it and that I wish to  'wean ' myself off of it, and she told me to  'just do it '. You don 't have to worry about weaning it. Your on such a small dose.&quot; On every thing I have ever read and learned (I am a RN), you wean yourself off of any medicine. So I am going to wean myself off of the Ambien.Thanks for reading.
Neuropathy, muscle weakness, chills, plus more. I only took 10 mg a day, side affects didn 't show up for one year. Took 4 years to get over all the pain. Only reason I gave it a 3 was because it took my numbers down. My doctor did not argue with me when I wanted off this med. I know other people who also have stopped this med because of side affects. Husband switched off this drug to another statin as he developed bad neuropathy in his feet and can barely feel them. Started as a burning pain. The only reason he is still taking a statin is because he had a heart attack. He is off the simvistatin.
Works bc ever constant migraine all day everyday nausea...loss of appetite..breast so sore I didn 't wear a bra for a week. GOOD THING! My period started 2nd day I stopped taking it. No bc ever worked that fast for me
My mother is on a dose of 21 mg NAMENDA XR and I think it is making her symptoms worse. She is very medication sensitive and I see her CHI as more depressed, forgetful, worrisome and confused.  I will be discussing as always with her doctor But I feel she needs to be removed from this medicine. Plus on a side note it is nearly impossible to get this medicine, although that has nothing to do with her taking the medication.
I 'm on my second pack of Sprintec. My first pack I was on my period for the whole thing. But it stopped the day I started the second pack. I 've noticed I feel nauseous a lot. My breasts are severely tender too. My sex drive has increased a lot. But I am dry a lot for some reason. I will probably end up switching for the better.
I can only take 1/4 of a 25 mg tablet a day, and I still get extremely tired. Any more and it makes my blood pressure go up. 1/4 tablet keeps my blood pressure pretty  normal on systolic, but heart rate and diastolic are too low.I have trouble breathing.
I started taking Lolo in September and have been on it for 5 months now. Since I have started taking Lolo I have gained 18 pounds and can not for the life of me seem to lose any weight (I work out 5 days a week and maintain a raw vegan diet). I have been the most emotional I have ever been, I cry all the time and get very anxious. I have absolutely no sex drive (when I went off birth control from January to August last year it was much higher). I also get violently ill every time I drink alcohol (even just a glass of wine). I first thought this was because I might be allergic to alcohol but when I went off birth control I would never get ill and my hangovers were non-existant. Everyone varies on it but my experience has not been so pleasant
I was on the pill for about 2 years and it became so hard keeping track if I had taken it or not. I had always heard great things about the Nuvaring do I decided to try it. My favorite thing is knowing that its just there and I don 't have to take it everyday. On the other hand I have broken out what feels like everywhere, I 've never had a problem with acne before. Also the day after I put it in I started getting really bad headaches and I felt upset. I thought I was just stressed so I kept the ring in. It continued to get worse and it got to the point that if someone even walked by me I would get angry. Yes birth control is different for everyone but I took it out two days ago and I already feel so much better!
I suffer bouts of depression and have been prescribed Prozac. This medication does stop the weepiness and severe irritability that I suffer, however it made me feel &quot;nothing&quot; rather than good.  Additionally, the side effects that I suffer on Prozac are not worth the marginal lack of hopeless feelings. I felt nauseous, hollow, scattered and my libido completely vanished.  This led to marital stress, so I went off of it on my own.  I think it is the wrong chemical for my type of brain chemistry or depression.
I was on this about a month and titrated my dose slowly. It might 've started to improve my depression at first but that didn 't seem to last. It also probably increased my anxiety. It caused constipation and upper GI slowness as well that took three weeks to improve. It also caused a pungent feminine odor that lasted the entire as I took it, not just before my period. 
I don 't want to scare people off from taking this pill but in the short period I took this pill I had too many issues. I am a person who has great blood pressure. Immediately after starting I noticed my feet feeling swollen so I started taking my blood pressure. It was through the roof!!  I was having horrible crippling anxiety everyday for most the day and I already have depression and anxiety disorder.  I was bloated all the time.  I called my doctor and they told me to immediately stop the pills. I 'm 37 and average weight. Birth control isn 't worth having a stroke.
I experienced problems with severe constipation when on the full dose (4 pills a day) and massive hair loss, especially in the shower. I did lose weight but the side effects were too severe and outweighed the benefits.
Dosage: 1 x 30mg pill.  Positives: Clearer thought processes, less sadness and fatigue.  Negatives: Felt loopy &quot;high&quot;, talked excessively/rapidly, extremities &quot;felt&quot; cold but actual temperature was normal/warm, skin &quot;felt&quot; like it was rubbed off - very sensitive, intermittent/uncontrollable muscle spasms, insomnia, sweating.  Refused to take another pill.  Side effects lasted 48 and more hours.
Didn 't really do much to help, after around 7 months, it dosn 't do anything
I 've had the implanon for 7 months now. I 've wanted it out since the first month but listened to my ob when she said I just needed to let my body adjust to it. Well I 've been in 3 times since then and every time they have some excuse as to why they can 't take it out. It has made me so sad and depressed. I am moody, no libido and sleep at least 12 hours a day. I just want my old self back.
I been in the pill for almost a week now . My face got very clear but my lips have always been dry and I have a black dot on my bottom lip that came after I took theses pills .
Hello everyone. I 've had my Skyla IUD in for a little over a year now and, honestly, it 's probably been the worst year of my life. I 've never had children and I forget to take the pill, so I was looking for something more reliable for my lifestyle. I chose Skyla. Upon having it inserted, I was in the most severe pain I 've ever been in. I almost passed out driving home. After I got home, I spent the rest of the day on the couch feeling like I was dying. The Skyla IUD has made me develop ovarian cysts, which I never had on previous birth controls, and my sex drive has been almost non-existent. My boyfriend of 3 years works out of town all week and we only spend time together on the weekends, so this has caused issues in our relationship.
My experience with this medication started when I was 14 yrs old. I knew nothing about this medication and I wish someone would have sat down and told me what exactly this medication does! I decided for the 3rd time to try to get off this medication, I finally decided this time it was enough, so my last shot was Oct 2016. THE BEGINNING was great I was happy go lucky outgoing had my life back after having a beast reduction. No period no cramps gained a few pounds but it was worth it at the time for freedom. NOW at 23 I 've been in the hospital and given 3 pills at once. I 've soaked threw over 10 pads a day and blood clots after blood clots depression weight gain acne severe cramps dizziness tiredness and withdrawals from this medication.
So In March I got the implant and I am not even exaggerating I 've been on my period ever since, all the time like legit all day everyday I 'm spotting some days its super light other days its like Im having my period I 'm giving this till the end of the month. I haven 't broken out and haven 't had crazy weight gain or mood swings its just the constant on my period that is bugging me. Like I said I 'll give it to the end of the month until I decide to get it out.
 I 'm 19 years old and started taking this birth control after my first one worked perfectly for a few months, until I began to get my period every 8 days. I 've been on this pill for about two weeks and I already hate it. I 'm constantly moody, depressed and over emotional. It 's effecting my relationship between my family, friends and boyfriend. Doesn 't help with acne, I 've never had acne till I began taking this. Also have severe pain everyday in my lower stomach area.
I have been on NuvaRing for 5 months.  Within a month I noticed a decrease in my sex drive, and I 've had vaginal dryness which makes sex painful.  Bad sex has effected other parts of my life.
Tried Methotrexate twice and both times it caused Chronic Ulcerative Colitis so my consultant put me on Hydoxychloroquine. Started on 2 tablets a day but after 3 weeks I cut it down to 1 as it was upsetting my stomach. It halved my inflamation in about 5 weeks! BUT! After taking it for 3 months I began to get very constipated and after 4 months I had blood when I passed a stool so I stopped taking it, as I thought my UC was coming back.  Now 6 weeks later I am suffering with chronic indigestion and have to drink several sachets of Macrogol per day to be able to go to the toilet. My doctor 's not given me any indication as to how long this will last or if my stomach 's  been permanently damaged so I am going to make an appointment to find out!
I had been taking Lo Losterin before starting Junel FE but had to switch per my insurance. I 've been taking Junel since late July but since starting it, I 've been hoping I would start feeling better. Constantly feeling nausea is the #1 problem for me. It doesn 't matter how accurately I take the medication, at some point in every day, I feel sick. And then I start to get paranoid and wonder if I 'm pregnant and feeling morning sickness. #2 is the irregular periods. I 've never had a period that was consistent so I thought this would be a good way to regulate - boy was I wrong! My period will start in the middle of my active pills, be there for 3 days and then come back for 3 days on my iron pills. WHAT THE HECK, Vern?
I gave the Nuva ring a good go for 3 months. Love not having to take a pill and I can 't feel it in me, nor can my boyfriend. But, It 's given me pimples, made my boobs sore and destroyed my sex drive. I 'll be going back to yaz.
I 've been on this for 2 months and I have experienced cramping, acne breakout, low sex drive and breast tenderness. Been switch to Alesse. We 'll see what happens.
After  being diagnosed with rheumatoid arthritis, the very painful debilitating type less than one year ago I called a rheumatologist. She told me I had every indication of rheumatoid arthritis  but I had to tell her one more thing I was HIV-positive. Now most of these medications immediately stated not to take it have an infection. Well what is a person to do I have HIV and that 's an infection.  She gave me time to hash it out and I thought OK I 'm going to try it. Of course it 's premeasured syringes refrigerated this is how mine was prepared for me. I  injected around the navel  Area of abdomen. No real pain and no sensitivity occurred. After being on it for six weeks I went for my laboratory results and my doctor called me early on a   Saturday morning and stop medication that has caused neutropenia, look it up very serious had to stop it. Now she wants me on it every other week since my blood work has come back normal again But very conflicted as to whether I should or not. Is there anyone else out there with the same condition I have I would love to hear from you thank you hope this helps.
I took 2 25mg pills last night.  Woke up today with bad headache and dry mouth. I had some bizarre dreams on the stuff and felt a bit of an antihistamine hangover.  A few convulsions in my sleep.  I think next time I will try 12.5 mg 's.  I have a tolerance to everything except antihistamines for some reason.  I did not care for the crappy side effects I experienced upon waking up the next day.  Dehydrated, sluggish, dizzy, depressed, dry mouth
Gives good relief but gives stomach pains side effect and paranoia side effect if taken more than 3 days
Acute depression for the 1st 4 weeks on this medication, then it tappered off. Other side effects: upset stomach, tingling in fingers and toes - daily, altered taste. The good side was it reduced the intensity of the migraines, but did nothing for the frequency of them.  Getting off of it now, tying Keppra.  Have had migraines since I was 8 and they have progressed in intensity and frequency as I got older, now 60. I expected to grow out of them - who knows!
I have been taking this for a few months and i weighed myself when i started it, because ive always fought to loss weight and i gain very easily, and as of a few days ago i had a appointment and i got weighed and im up 15lbs! omg, i felt like i had gained but i didnt think 15. I take 1 pill every other day, cause it controls my life otherwise, when i take it, i have to stay home because im in and out of the bathroom for hours at a time. It does help with the pain and some of the bloating, but the weight gain, nope im not taking it anymore. I havent changed my diet since ive been taking it, i eat mostly a keto diet, as breads and anything carby makes me feel like crap and i get very bloated. I would like another pill for ibs-c /no weightgain
This medication worked great for the situational issue I had been in but the withdrawl side effects that you 're not told about were not worth it. I tried tapering off of it very SLOWLY 5 or 6 times and failed every time because the withdraw side effects were that terrible. I eventually got off of 100mg and it took about 2-3 months. I used a nail file to taper my doses with an astronomically high amount of B12 and Omega fish oils. I recommend seeing an Iridologist before going to a doctor for meds.
After first couple days, it felt as if it made a difference but that could 've just been psychosomatic effects.  Basically, I haven 't noticed any improvements in myself. If anything I have had a slight decrease in my mood, energy levels and overall motivation.  I will continue using the product for at least another month and in in the meantime get my levels checked to see if I 'm getting any sort of benefit to using this product.  I will provide an update by next month.
I have been on this medication for about 2 years now and I absolutely hate it. It worked very well the first couple months (originally went on it for acne) but then it started going down hill. I gained an unbearable amount of weight on my stomach and hips. My moodiness is disastrous to the point where I have can 't have a normal conversation with people some days. I get extremely emotional, to the point where I cry over very small things. Not to mention, my appetite has spiked x100. I need to get off this asap. I don 't recommend.
I was on this pill for 3 years and absolutely loved it. I had no negative side affects during this time.  My pharmacy stopped providing this pill around July 2015 and I was switched to something else until September 2015 when I was told Lo Loestrin was available again.  I immediately gained 10 pounds (I ran daily and ate healthy) and started to develop hives off and on for the next 4 months.  I ended up gaining 35 pounds over an 8 month duration due to the change in the chemical makeup of the pill that occurred in the fall of 2015.  Be wary if you have any sort of hypersensitivity to hormones as I do.
So I 've been taking this pill for two months and right off, I got some bad side affects. I 'm always tired and moody. I lose my appetite or I 'm just too nauseous to eat. I even have more freckles and got acne, which I didn 't have before. The only good that came out of this pill, is I get my period and I lost weight.
I 've been on Taytulla for 3 months now after my pharmacy told me Minastrin 24 is being discontinued. I had a smooth transition from Minastrin to Taytulla, meaning no break through bleeding, but my actual periods have been a lot heavier and my cramps a lot worse on Taytulla. In addition, I 've experienced periodic breast tenderness and am sometimes overly sensitive. I have also gained five pounds after starting this pill (105 lbs to 110 lbs). I 'm sure no one else can notice the change in weight, but I certainly do when my shorts no longer fit me. I am going to give it one more month and then will consider switching to another generic of Minastrin.
I started this medication 5/8/2017. I had severe nausea and headaches the first 3 days and then nothing after that.  It has decreased my appetite but no weight loss as of yet. I have decreased my carb intake and drinking more water added exercise.  So I am hoping to see some results by week 2.  If not then it will let me know its does not work for every body type.  Just frustrated with the weight and this stomach apron.
Well I just started the medication two days ago so I can 't really say yet. But I can say the first day of taking it, I had the worst headache . But today, I haven 't had a headache (knock on wood) I just hope this works, it 's a struggle to shed pounds. I really just need a Jump start. I 'm curious what time do you guys take the second pill? Is it 12 hours apart? I will report again soon
Helps more with anxiety than pain from my psoriatic arthritis, don 't hardly know I take it. 900mg per day.
I got prescribed the medicine today because my boyfriend figured out he had it from an ex and I didn 't want to wait any longer to treat it. 2 hours in and I threw up and began feeling the pain. Its been 8 hours now of god awful stomach pain. I tried to sleep but maybe got in 2 hours before the pain woke me back up. This is so horrible.
I have a love/hate relationship with this medication. I was diagnosed with ADD in my late thirties. Vyvanse helps me a lot...when I can feel its effects. I take 50 mg a day. For three hours, I feel wonderful and very productive. The drug make feel very calm, hence very focused. I feel at peace and I stop questioning every single thing I do. It 's like my usually racing thoughts (cognitive hyperactivity) stop for a moment and let me focus on the task at hand. BUT, when the drug wears off, after only three or four hours, I feel HORRIBLE! My throat gets tight, a disabling anxiety kicks in, I feel depressed, my thoughts start racing again and honestly, I feel like I could kill myself. So I go from feeling wonderful to being suicidal...
Remeron worked for me for maybe a month or so, but I then began becoming very angry and full of rage for very little reason, if any! I had expressed my feelings with my Dr. and he said he was not really familiar with these side effects.After a few weeks, I realized I should google these feelings and wow. Exactly the same feelings I was going through.
I developed cystic acne, I 'm guessing as a result of hormones, stress, and genetics. My doctor and I changed what we were using during the second visit, since we were doing some trial and error (figuring out what works). Since my skin is not sensitive, we went from a combination of doxycycline, tretinoin, and clyndimicine (idk how to spell it) to a combination of tretinoin of higher strength, erythromycin/BP gel, and minocycline. My skin has cleared up in a matter of 2 months with the occasional pimples and some acne scarring. As far as the tretinoin goes, my derm said that it was supposed to clear up my whiteheads and blackheads, but it has only made my pores seemingly smaller, not cleared them up.
I have had my Nexplanon since February 2015 it has been great up until June 2016 when I began to end breastfeeding. I have had cramps off and on for a month I have a period for over a week stop for 3 days and starts again for another week and horrible mood swings. I have never had trouble like this on any other BC. My arm in the area of the implant hurts off and on like I am being stabbed, getting it removed asap!
Started taking toradol before diagnosed with fibromyalgia, it did little for my joint pain but helped some with my arthritis. For fibromyalgia it was pretty usless and I ended up after several long painful months having to go to opiates and chose to leave my job verses caring for patients while medicated.
I have struggled with endometriosis and polycystic ovarian syndrome- so being put on the pill wasn 't much of an option for me, I needed something to control the unbearable pain for it was really limiting my life. Since I began Seasonique over a month ago- I have had painful stomach aches that seem to be worst for the first few hours after I wake up. My emotions have been off the wall, everything is making me cry- I am easily agitated, and haven 't felt like myself. I don 't feel depressed- just irritated and emotional most days. I think the worst side effect has been the explosive diarrhea that sneaks up on me- embarrassing. This has never happened to me before, and now it 's at least once a day an urgent run to the bathroom is needed.
Well, I am a pharmacist yet I am management and not in a dispensing role.  I had to have my (hopefully) last colonoscopy.  My physician called in suprep and my copay for insurance was about 20 bucks.  I did not even look at the ingredients until the day of the prep and I was upset.  This is nothing more than a bottle of Mag Citrate with a Sodium and potassium sulfate salts added that cost about 3 dollars a bottle.  Each 6 of this stuff equivalent to a bottle of mag citrate.  That is what I used last time at a cost of less than 10 dollars for 2 bottles.  My insurance was charged about 100 dollars for this prep.  I thought it tasted like cough syrup and it made me nauseous. It worked no better than the mag citrate I had earlier
Ok.. I 've never posted before about my weight or really anything.. So here goes... I 'm 5 '1&quot;, 192lb, 35 yr old, female. Was on phentermine for last 2 years taking for 3 months, then 1 month off regimen, lost 10 lbs. So doc suggested Contrave. April 11, 2017 Took it @ 6am w/ my lostarin &amp; migraine meds, by 8am felt a bit whoozy, so ate a granola bar &amp; drank some water. By 9:30 took the day off felt like I was going to fall down. Came home laid down, can 't sleep, ate a bit and laid down. Feeling kinda dizzy had a super head ache but thankfully it went away.. I 'll keep posting to keep people informed of side effects or of good stuff in general.
I have attempted this pill once before and have it another go and I am unhappy with the side effects. I 've experienced sore breasts, they have increased in size, severe dry eye, fatigue, depression, increased craving appetite of sugars and carbs than before like I feel pregnant, I have no drive or desire to exercise or do anything. I feel like a different person :(
I got a YI and I usually go to my doctor and get a diflucan, but this time I decided to go buy this product for some reason. I inserted it as stated, put a bit of ointment on &amp; 40 minutes later my poor vagina was on fire! Itching, burning, all bad. I got so irritated that I went to the bathroom to try to take off as much as I could &amp; it was all over my underwear. It 's been over 2 hours and I 'm still in pain..I 'm hoping this medication actually works because if it doesn 't then I 'm going through all of this pain for no reason :( no woman should have to feel what I 'm feeling right now. Horrible Horrible. I will  never buy this again, next time I 'll just make the time to go to the doctors. Lesson learned.
Very unhappy with this pill. Never had any issues with any other brand I 've been on, but I lost my insurance and had to start going to Planned Parenthood. When they no longer carried the pill I was on previously, they switched me to Chateal. I didn 't get pregnant, but had severe acne and weight gain. I gained about 20 pounds and couldn 't lose it no matter how much I exercised. Definitely was irritable on it, too. But my periods were much lighter and shorter with less cramping. I quit taking it since I 'm not currently having any sex, and things got so much better. My acne cleared up after a week and I started losing all the weight I gained right away. I 'd definitely keep an eye out for the side effects though.
Though highly effective on what it needs to do, the side effects for me were not worth taking this medication. I 'm a non-smoker, non-drinker, no drugs and eat healthy with regular exercise. Before taking this (in combination with Truvada) I was bursting with energy and in the course of six months it seriously took the life and joy out of me. Waking up unrefreshed and feeling numb and exhausted and snappy. Been off Tivicay for a few days now and started Stribild. Feel so much better, happier and energetic.
I 've been taking this pill for almost 6 months now after switching when my insurance no longer covered the birth control pill I had been taken previously. I decided to try this pill for quite a few months because I know side effects can subside after the first few months and I wanted to give it a real shot. Unfortunately, after 23 years of minimal to no breakouts, this pill has given me extreme breakouts on my face, shoulders, and back. I 've tried several types of skincare to control the breakouts to no avail. I have also suffered from anxiety and depression in the last few months, something I thought was work-related, but have decided this pill is no longer worth the risk. I will be switching pills starting next month.
It seemed to work well but I developed akathesia on this medicine. I took it for a few months.  I felt like I could not sit still.  I had to keep moving.  I could not enjoy anything.  I also had trouble sleeping.  I tried lowering the dosage then we tried increasing the dosage but nothing helped.  I finally had to stop taking it because of the side effects.
After reading some of the reviews I noticed I have Experienced A LOT of the same side effects some have you all have. I been on the Nexplanon for almost three years, I was so young when I got I never really noticed the side effects until now I never even thought that my birth control could be the cause of some of the things I have went through. My periods were super irregular I knew that was one of the side effects though I use to bleed a lot I was always spotting or on my period , not so much now I get the worst headaches ever out of nowhere and its so hard for me to get turned on. I 'm never really in the mood for sex. My Nexplanon expires in August but reading these reviews &amp; finally figuring the cause I need this removed.
I 've been taking Vistaril 25 mg for 3 weeks and it has not helped me what so ever. At first I felt a little less nervous but when I had to go to an assembly it kicked right back up! Now I 'm getting ready to get on Lexapro. Hopefully this drug works for me.
I fell and fractured my shoulder back in March. I was originally given Flexeril 10mg did nothing, went back for more tests found out I have 2 extra cervical ribs and thoracic outlet syndrome.  Robaxin 750mg 3x 's a day doesn 't really help me either. My pain level is a consistent 7 makes it hard to sleep.
Thankfully I only took this med for a few weeks and at the lowest dose possible. I was taking .25 mg 2-3 times a day for a few weeks until my long term anxiety medication started to kick in. This medication truly does help for extreme anxiety and panic attacks but should only be used short-term. The use of this medication for any longer than a month on a daily basis is a recipe for disaster, this drug can be very addicting and is really hard to come off after long-time use. Luckily I researched this drug and knew this shortly after taking it so I was aware, because the doctors never informed me of the risks.
I was switched to Ortho-Cyclen when I began spotting on my old pill. I 've been on it for about 2 months now and have had numerous side effects: Acne, increased insomnia, increased headaches, nausea, vaginal dryness and therefore painful intercourse, long period (lasted 9 days instead of the 7 you would think from the &quot;off&quot; week). This is the first non-low dose BC pill I 've taken. I 'm not sure if it was just too much for me or if the drug itself just was not a good fit for me. The generic Sprintec is nicely priced, though, compared to Loestrin 24, which I used to take and has no generics yet. I 'm hoping to switch back to my old pill - loved it!
I chose the 1 day Monistat out of all the choices because I figured it would be the fastest treatment, HOWEVER the fastest is not always the best choice. After appllying I immediately has a burning sensation and so I laid down for 2 hours, got up and that same burning was magnified by 100 times over! It was so painful! I wished I had a douche so I could get it out. If I had another yeast infection in the future I would go to my doctor, I would never use such a strong medication like this.
Was on this for 12 weeks for general birth control. It did exactly what it 's supposed to do, but the acne it caused me just wasn 't worth it. I didn 't have mood swings or anything like that. I did, however, lose some weight. If you have sensitive skin this might not be the right one for you.
I have been on Aviane for 3 months. During the first month, things were okay. During the last two months, my breasts are constantly super sore and I have (mild but annoying) cramping every day. My breasts have also definitely gotten bigger which is okay but I 'm not sure the pain is worth it. Also, before my last period I turned into an emotional monster and I 'm usually pretty even keeled. I know it can take a few months to even out but I 'm not sure how much longer I 'll be able to give it.
I think it 's probably a good product but not the right medicine for my condition. I have very inflamed painful bursitis under my scapula that throws all my muscles in my back/neck out of whack and creates a lot of transferred pain and problems for me. I was hoping this Voltaren gel my rheumatologist prescribed would help since the Celebrex and muscle relaxers alone are not doing the trick. But I do not detect any difference when I use it. However, I do occasionally get soreness in my left knee and when I tried it on that, it did seem to help.
I have been given the 290 samples and I 'm usually tied down to the toilet for about 3 to 4 hours afterwards. I 've only been on the 290mcg for three days. I called my doctor to see if I could get the 145mcg and I am starting those tomorrow. I do have to say my cramps have gone down tremendously even though I get then here and there. But nothing what they used to be. Here 's to hoping the 145 works better!
I am on my fifth week of a 12 week plan of harvoni plus Ribaviron. I took part in an interferon plus Ribaviron treatment plan approx 15 years ago that was not successful - it successfully kicked my ass though.With this current treatment, I felt no side effects the first two weeks and then during the third and fourth weeks I started becoming anemic with associated fatigue and shortness of breath. During week four and continuing into this the fifth week I continue to feel fatigue and shortness of breath, and also flu-like symptoms of weakness and full body muscle aches.  These symptoms are not completely debilitating but rather have significantly slowed my normally very active lifestyle.
Firstly, I should provide background info on my current health. Birth control pills effect everyone differently. I had a very timely period with heavy bleeding the first 2 days and terrible cramps some cycles. I also have the tendency to be iron deficient. Initially I experienced a lot of nausea on this pill. I was told to stick it out for 3 months and then decide if I wanted to change. Within those 3 months, I dealt with a lot of nausea and vaginal discomfort (itching, odor, discharge). I never had those issues before. It was enough for me the day I had to stop what I was doing on the job and sit near a window before I threw up. I took the pill at night and had a meal with it. The only time I felt relief was on the sugar pill
UPDATE 02/18/2016- I started taking Contrave on December 18. My original review is here for comparison. In 2 months, I did lose 21-23 pounds ( my weight varied a lot with the ScaleDown program included with the medication). I am 5 '7 ' ' and almost 58 years old, and my starting weight was 218 . I returned to my doctor 's office today and my weight is 194. That 's the GOOD news.The bad news is that I have developed persistent, severe nausea without vomiting. It never goes away, regardless of decreasing my dose or slightly changing up my Jenny food.Because of the unrelenting nausea, I did return to my internal medicine doctor today and I was taken off Contrave due to the severe nausea, which my doctor said is a common side effect. Good health!
I was put on Nora-be because I was having ocular migraines and have symptoms of raynauds phenom, apparently these are contraindications for the combo bc pill. Unfortunately, I have had quite a few issues on the Nora be.  First, mood lability, and as another writer posted, my fianc
I did three months of this, and it was awful. I had previously been on Jolessa which I loved, but wanted a monthly period due to the bad cramps when I finally got my period after 3 months. However, with Sronyx, I noticed I was a lot moodier, crying a lot, spotting a few days before I was even on the placebo pills. Also, I kept getting UTI after UTI which did not happen at all with Jolessa. My anxiety sky rocketed and if anything, I 've lost weight due to not being hungry and feeling nauseous when I do eat. I weigh 108 normally, and I 've lost 5 pounds since Saturday.  I stopped for a long time and didn 't finish my pack due to the UTI pain, so I decided to finish it to see if I had the same symptoms. And yep, everything is back besides the UTI
I have been taking Sprintec for about one month. I switched off of YAZ which gave me intense mood swings, other than that I had no issues with YAZ, but it was expensive as well. My OBGYN put me on Sprintec. I have missed a pill twice and had to double up the next night, both nights I was up getting violently ill, for 10 hours. I 've missed school because of this. I am going to wait 2 months and see if this stops, if not I will be switching. If I get an yeast infection this month I will not continue another month that 's for sure.
I was prescribed this medicine by my dermatologist. After a matter of days my face started burning more and more agonizing each day. Until finally it hurt to put just about anything on my face. I know I can 't be the only one!
So far I 've noticed hair loss, which my doctor told me will eventually go away, headaches only in morning and before bed time, mood swings. I 'm normally very confident but I 've been depressed and my skin has been so itchy I can 't stand it. Been on for almost 3 months now, itching is increasingly getting worse for me.
When I first started taking it, it helped me immensely with my ADHD. Pretty quickly, however, it stopped working. For one thing, it gives me crazy mood swings. It really amps me up at first, and I get super euphoric and happy for two hours, and then I feel awful and anxious and depressed. It actually potentiates my ADHD symptoms. It makes me extremely thirsty all the time, so I keep having to leave class to go use the bathroom or fill up my water bottle.Adderall makes it harder for me to appreciate the beauty of nature. I feel less in touch with my emotions when I take it.I understand that Adderall helps people a lot of the time, so it 's worth a shot. But it didn 't help me AT ALL. In fact, it probably made things worse.
Metallic taste, diarrhea. Need to take medicine before food. Drink a lot of water.
Even small (half) doses of Temazepam effectively helped me to get to sleep and stay asleep for an appropriate amount of time. However, it consistently caused me to have feelings of irritability and aggression for the following 24 hours. I found myself growing angry and frustrated, expressing this in ways that are very out of character. I do not usually express anger overtly, perhaps becoming teary instead, but Temazepam inhibited my self-control and caused me to speak out aggressively in very unfamiliar and unhelpful ways. I put added stress into family life and had a very dangerous effect on my relationships. I only took Temazepam in reduced doses intermittently (e.g. 1 or 2 doses per week) and the impact was consistently bad the next day.
I was taking this birth control for a little less than three years. I started when I was 15 for Polycystic ovarian syndrome. When I first started taking it I was EXTREMELY moody, it was as if all hell broke lose. After a few months my period became lighter and I had less cramps. This year was the worst: extreme depression, moodiness, severe cramps, long periods, Etc. The biggest issue I had was EXTREME weight gain (not at all in the right places) I had to get off it. I went from being 118 pounds to 154. Terrible experience. The only pro was that it cleared my acne. Finally switched so we will see how my new one works out.
I 'll keep this short.  I have taken Tri Lo Sprintec, Ortho Tri Cyclen Lo, and Velivet (in that order).  Although my experience with Velivet was not as bad as with Ortho Tri Cyclen, it wasn 't great.Pros: I lost weight, very regular periods, effective as birth control.Cons: Velivet completely killed my sex drive.  Not only that, it turned me into a nervous wreck - and I am usually a pretty calm person.  I was constantly worried about the way others perceived me, what my boyfriend *really* thought about me (believe me ladies, he is not a master of subtlety... there was no reason for me to be feeling this way), etc.  
I 've been taking trazadone for almost three years at different doses. I started out at 50mg, then100 and now take 150mgs. I%u2019ve taken some kind of sleeping pill on and off for 18 years but recently became dependent on them because of family deaths, relationship issues and post natal depression. Trazodone works for me but it gives me horrible nightmares so I have to wake up two to three times a night. I feel groggy the next day and my memory has declined. I also experience extreme anxiety. I don%u2019t know if trazodone is the cause. All in all, I would rather deal with the side effects than live with insomnia.
I got this shot bc of a pregnancy scare and it 's only been a week but I 've had non stop brown spotting.  I read about the pill and it said no extreme things.  But now I 'm reading reviews and I 'm totally freaked out and now I can 't get out of it.   The whole point was so I could have sex with no worries but now I don 't have sex bc it would be nasty.  So don 't do what I did,  pay attention to negative reviews!!!!
I went on this pill because my other pills made my breasts to tender. The pill was great when I started in March but then in July and August I have had bleeding for more then a week. At the beginning I never had any bleeding and it took away my period fully, now I bleed heavy for more then a week.
Beware.  Started this drug 6 days ago along with diet and exercise.  I lost 8 lbs in 5 days. My side effects were , severe cough, dizziness, headache, fatigue, and flu like symptoms.  On day 5 I didn 't like how I was feeling . I decided to stop taking it. I didn 't think it was worth waiting for those effects to go away, even if they did. My cough subsided quite a bit in such a short time. Today , day 6, the start of my second day without the pill, I awoke this morning , sat on the bed, and started to cough . I started to gasp for a breath, and there was no air. Several minutes later I was wondering why my eyebrow and cheek along with my body hurt.  I opened my eyes and realized I blacked out and was lying face down on the wood floor.  Run
This drug merely gives a feel good factor and feeling of energy to do thinks that never happen. It is highly addictive . The withdrawal symptoms are awful and the NHS do not know how to treat patients withdrawing from this. It should be used at end of life or for in patients only.
Considering getting it taken out, I 've been extremely moody, sad all the time, crying and getting angry over the simplest things. Me and my boyfriend have nearly broken up twice since I got this birthcontrol because I 'm getting upset over small things that never would have upset me before. I 've only had it for two and a half weeks! It 's already changed me as a person completely, and I can 't wait to see whether it 'll make my period worse because that will be the last straw. Wouldn 't recommend this to anyone who already is quite sensitive and emotional.
FatigueJoint PainDepressionLoss of libido
I was on venlafaxine for about 4 years. I didn 't realize until, now that I 'm off of it, all of the side effects I suffered while taking it.I had chronic constipation, followed by a most recent period of explosive diarrhea.Anytime I missed a dose or was late in taking it, the dizziness and nausea would set in. Those would disappear after taking the missed dose.I gained so much weight. I was a little overweight when I started, but the pounds kept piling on, and were literally impossible to take off despite a very good diet and exercise. I had an intense craving for alcohol, to the point of throwing up from excess drinking. After a weaning off period, I 'm on Welbutrin now. Losing weight, not drinking, and feeling much better.
Diagnosed in 1/2016: Estrogen receptive intraductal papillary carcinoma, left breast.  Lucky to have a lumpectomy &amp; clear margins.  No lymph nodes.  However, had a heart attack &amp; quad bypass a week later.  So--no radiation on orders of the Cardio Dr. No Tamoxofin since heart disease is a side effect. Began Arimidex in April. I am up 30 #, the hot flashe/night sweats are horrible, tired all the time, no sex drive, vaginal dryness (taking osphena for that which helps), depressed, short of breath.  So far no joint pain but swelling in my feet if I sit too long.  Everyone says &quot;excercise!&quot; but it 's hard to do that when I just want to sleep! Wondering if it is worth it for the small % it can offer.
I know birth control affects everyone differently. And I happy for the people who enjoyed this birth control. But I did not. I was placed on this to manage my endometriosis. When I started taking it, the first two weeks were constant crying and shaking from my anxiety sky rocketing. It slowly adjusted but still had panic attacks and my depression got worse. All of my physical problems went away. But it made my emotional and mental issues MUCH worse. By the 3rd month I was mostly adjusted and starting to feel like myself again... until I took the pills for my period... Then it started all over again!!! I decided to stop taking them. And my body is still adjusting after almost two months. I would MUCH rather deal with the physical pain.
I 've been on Aubra for 6 months and have finally decided to go off birth control. The only pro on this birth control is not getting pregnant. Cons: no sex drive, horrible acne before my period, depression, weight gain. I was really hoping this birth control to work, because I 've had so many problems with other ones. But I can 't take the side effects anymore.
It certainly works but I have experienced blurred vision, stuffy nose and recently after starting the low daily dosage I have serious vision problems and the eye doctor put a shot in my eye. Unfortunately, I am forced to quit Cialis in order to save my vision.
Before leaving for a semester abroad, I requested that my doctor give me a birth control where I wouldn 't have periods every month. That turned out to be a big mistake. Once I started taking jolessa, I became much more moody and overall depressed. I started getting zits on my chest and back - something that hasn 't happened to me since freshman year of high school! My acne on my face has gotten worse. I gained 10 pounds. I have always been the kind of person that could get away with eating whatever I want (fast food 5 times a week!) and not exercise and never weigh more than 134 pounds, but not anymore. No change after altering dietary &amp; exercising habits. After 5 months taking jolessa, I 'm most definitely switching after I finish this pack.
After two months taking pills, has no effect at all on me, I 'm waiting for miracles.
I 've been on Zoloft for 25 days and it 's done the opposite of help me. It has made my confidence go down and caused a lot of antisocial behavior in me.
I have yet to finish my first month of Junel Fe and am wondering if starting birth control was the right decision for me. I have gained six pounds in less than three weeks and have experienced more breakouts than all of last year combined. I 'm experiencing acne on my forehead and upper back. I feel emotional but nothing too out of the ordinary, but the weight gain and acne makes me feel insecure even though the acne is still probably considered mild and I am told you cannot notice the weight gain. I have had spotting for the last two weeks, starting off as bright red and cramps and has turned into dark brown without cramps. I have nothing to compare this birth control to and I fear that nothing will change and no other brand will be better.
I was on this pill for 4 months and I had crazy mood swings! I was laughing one minute crying the next. I could never make it through an entire month of these pills I would start my period on the first or second day of the 3rd week of my pack, not just break through bleeding this would be a full period that would last 5-6 days! And I would have terrible cramps and huge clotting. Normally I don 't have have cramps and while on this I had them every period. I finally had to have my doctor switch me to a new pill with a higher dosage.
Took 5mg of dulcolax going to bed at 10pm. Woke at 4 with excruciating abdominal cramps, then started having heart palpitations, sweats , nausea, worse pain than childbirth .....then I fainted ! Woke up on the tiled bathroom floor with 4 children looking at me thinking I was dead....have a head injury from the bang on the tilled floor, soiled myself cos I hadn 't the energy to lift myself to the toilet seat...profuse diarrhoea for 30 minutes ....bed ridden for 6 hours after the faint.....NEVER again will I take this medicine...on the bottle it says &quot;for gentle relief of constipation &quot; .....nothing could be further from the truth. I 'm actually traumatised.
After 4 days of a ten day treatment plan, I developed vaginal bleeding. I  not prone, nor have I ever experienced bleeding between periods. Dizziness, lack of ability to concentrate.
I am very medication resistant and was really hoping this medicine would turn it around. Started at 5 mgs and had blinding headaches and stabbing pain in my stomach. Day five, I had a huge panic attack and confusion. Gave me the kind of out of it feeling that I had with Effexor. 
I am in my second week. Two pills a day morning and night. I have had periods of nausea. I 'm also not sure how much it is helping with cravings... I 'm still hungry often, when not nauseous!!! I am hoping that after I&rsquo;m up to the full dose and tolerating that I will notice results. I do not weigh myself, but rather know how I&rsquo;d like to feel in clothes.... certainly have a ways to go!
I have taken provigil years ago with no significant improvement. I went through the last 20 years being prescribe Xyrem, Cylert, Adderall, Ritalin and recently Provigil along with Ritalin. None of these drugs provide wakefulness that last more than 3-4 hours. I can take the combination of Provigil and Ritalin at 9am and fall back to sleep at 9:30 am. I take my medication on an empty stomach but the wakefulness is almost non existent. I want to volunteer to be a case study because I believe I am a rare individual with Narcolepsy. I want to find out if there is an underlying problem because I hear of people getting addicted to these drugs and they barely have an affect on me. I want to live a normal life and not be sleepy all day, everyday.
I started Wellbutrin after taking Zoloft for several years.  The Zoloft was not effective anymore, though it had worked perfectly for a long time.  Wellbutrin nearly killed me.  I was more upset, anxious, and suicidal than I had been in years.  For some reason, it just did not agree with me chemically.  Afterward I went on Remeron.  That was an experience to read about!
I got the depo shot in the later part of September, October I didn 't have a period. Comes November the 4th I had a brown discharge the second week it was my period and now I am still spotting (19 days later). I see why you have a &quot;decreased sex drive&quot; you can 't have sex. I 'm definitely not getting my second shot. Would I recommend this to anyone? Ummmm NO!
Had the Liletta inserted in November. The process overall wasn 't bad, but I also had numbing injections which helped so much with the pain. Just a couple cramps and it was over. Stopped having a period after three months, and the weird cramps I kept feeling stopped around 5 months. Everything was great until I noticed my clothes weren 't fitting anymore. I 've gained 10 - 12 pounds despite months of a very clean diet, counting calories, and frequent exercise. I also started losing my hair a few weeks ago, and began sprouting chin hair that I didn 't have before, which is making me feel very depressed. I am beyond frustrated and am having it removed in a few days.
Prescribed Zyprexa after taking Duloxetine/Cymbalta made me suicidal.  It did mellow my mood, helped me gain back the 30 lbs I had lost during height of illness.  Hated the inability to laugh or cry. Hated the dry mouth. As a dancer the stiff, dry joints were dangerous. I hurt my knee because the extreme change in my flexibility. Took it for 3 months.
I was on this for a little over a year and all it did was make me gain 30 pounds. I started taking it for anxiety and it helped, but then I became very depressed. It also made me crave carbs..hence the 30 lb weight gain. I 'm on Cymbalta now and doing SO much better.
I had been on another birth control pill for a very long time and switched to Sprintec because of insurance.  After starting Sprintec I had breakthrough bleeding for about 2 weeks before my regular period was scheduled to begin.  I have been having breakthrough bleeding (which started similar to a very light period and is now down to some spotting) for about 2 weeks now.  
Obviously, everyone 's body has different chemistry and because of our genetic predispositions, diet, and environment, study samples of women may all react differently to a certain oral contraceptive. Personally, I found Ortho Tri Cylen Lo to be effective for the first two months, and then I experienced a horrid yeast infection, breakthrough bleeding, and abdominal pains. I took my pills at the same exact time every night with the same amount of water. My sex drive disappeared, and I felt terribly bloated. The absolute worst was my unstable mood. I was making snappy comments and feeling suicidal.
Not good for urinary incontinence. In fact, going to a urologist very soon to seek help/surgery options for worsening incontinence. Originally went on Cymbalta for severe anxiety/chest pains, never even knew it was prescribed for &quot;leaky&quot; folks. May work for some, but did nothing for me. Also weaning off for anxiety, due to severe weight gain while taking.
My OBGYN switched me to this pill because she believed the Necon 0.5/35 I was previously on contained unnecessary amounts of hormone for me. About 3 months in my libido decreased but I wasn 't having any other side effects so I decided to wait it out and see if things got better. Around month six I missed my period three months in a row, wasn 't pregnant, thank god, and started breaking out like crazy. My periods have resumed but I 've got no sex drive, rly bad skin and have become emotionally unstable around my time of the month which is very unusual for me. I am 24 years old, 5&quot;7 ', 125 lbs. and have a pretty active lifestyle if anyone wants those statistics for their reference. I 'll be switching at the end of this months pack.
Well where do I start. I went from Sertraline to fluroxetine, as I went through an episode of depression and felt that my body may have become immune to Sertraline after been on it for 5 years.  I started on 20mg. My anxiety went through the roof. But my depression improved slightly after a few months. However I became emotionally numb.  (I am normally a very sensitive, caring person,) And found it even hard to cry or have empathy in my relationship. My depression increased so I was out on 40mg , and although my mood lifted, my anxiety increased and I suffered panic attacks. Since withdrawing I find I have a lot of social phobia, however it is so good to be really able to feel emotions again that have been trapped for a year and a half.
I have been on Prestiq for ages, it did not work for me I felt continuously nauseated  I became numb of all feeling and lost who I was along the way.  In December 2015 I had unrelenting vomiting,  this included vomiting back all medication.  After 10 days I was a screaming heap, went to the Dr who prescribe Maxalon for the vomiting, this didn 't work so back I went this time Stemetil, still vomiting by now off Prestiq felt awful for ages.  Gradually I noticed although still feeling nauseated was not as cranky irritable and stressed. I am still struggling with the withdrawal symptoms however, I am coping better without the medication than I thought possible.  Why is it Dr 's do not listen to you when you are on medication for depression?
Started taking Jolessa after using the Nuva Ring and spotting almost non-stop. Jolessa does just fine at preventing pregnancy and I have not had any other horrible side effects that others have had EXCEPT I literally gained 10-12lbs the first month I took it. I have been on it for 7 months and no matter how much I exercise and watch what I eat I can not shed any of this extra weight. I have always been able to maintain or lose weight but not while taking this particular BC. I am switching to TriNessa next week and hopefully will be able to lose what I have gained while on Jolessa.
my story with this medication is so strange. I was diagnosed with PCOS about 5 years ago and since then I 've been taking microgestian 1/20. For about 4 years it really helped keep my skin clear and balance out my hormone levels. Back in January I was living away from home and ran out. I didn 't find a new endriconologist until about May. She prescribed me a higher dosage of microgestian which was the 1.5. I took two packs of this and my skin resulted in the worst cystic acne since I was a teenager. I stopped taking it and asked her to put me on the old prescription of 1/20. I 've been on that one for two packs and am currently on the third pack. I 've seen no improvement on my skin and actually think it 's getting worse. Any advice?
I am on my 2nd week of Saxenda. Just went up to 1.2Not really any side effects but I feel hunger!  Anybody else? I hope I can get the results many have you have posted! 
I recently used Prepopik for my first colonoscopy. I am 26 years old and in good health, it was scheduled due to family history. Prepopik was easy to take, I had a lighter day of eating the day before Prepopik started. On the day of preparation I was on a liquid diet all day and drank the most fluids I ever have. The Prepopik was easy to take, it just burned it a little. However, after my colonoscopy the doctor informed me that the Prepopik had not done a very good job cleaning me out. I need to go back in a year. It was recommended that next time to be on a soft diet 3-5 days beforehand (eggs, potato soup, protein) and to ask doctor about taking magnesium sulfate as a laxative the day before preparation. I will not be using Prepopik again.
I only give it a few points because I was put on it to regulate periods which it has done. But this BC has made my cramps severe to the point of near vomitting. My emotions drastically switch in an instant. I haven 't been able to sleep much since being on it.
It was prescribed post surgery as prophylaxis. Caused intense pain in the Achilles tendon and calf muscles.  Enough to discontinue use.
At first I thought this was a miracle drug because it cleared up my hormonal cystic acne FAST. My skin was flawless after just one month. However, the side effects were terrible. I was so lethargic I could barely do anything, I would sleep most of the day, always lightheaded, my cycle was completely out of whack, and I gained weight like crazy. I just didn&rsquo;t feel right at all. When I went back to my doctor, she said Spiro can&rsquo;t be the culprit of all my side effects (mainly the weight gain) and so she kept me on it, but lowered it from 100mg to 50mg. I disagreed and stopped taking it. After a week of being off of it, my energy &amp; happiness totally returned. My skin is no longer perfect but I&rsquo;d rather have acne than be fat and lifeless.
It hasn 't made me sick or caused acne. I went to the doctors twice from urinary tract infection since I 've been on it. I 've been taking it for a month now and my mood has changed severely. I have no interest in sex at all, I get dry and I have no intention of wanting to do it. I feel stressed and depressed and I 've never been like that. I feel bad for my boyfriend and its been ruining our love life. I 'm calling my doctor to switch as soon as she is available. When they say birth control doesn 't affect your mood, they are wrong! Read the other reviews.
I was on this pill for about 8 or 9 months, and did not like it.  I was constantly having break-through bleeding, I felt as though I was bleeding all month long.  I gained a lot of weight and had terrible headaches about 3 to 4 times a week.
I 've tried lots of different medicines for depression. I 've been on Wellbutrin for about 6 years with success, added Effexor for anxiety; had a good few years. Then I went down hill, and have been trying many others since to find a good combination for me. I tried a few others without any good results, my psychiatrist had me try Viibryd. I felt a bit better for a few weeks at first, now I 'm not sure it 's doing anything at all. I upped my Wellbutrin again and that made a little difference with my energy, but I 'm still just sad and depressed at all times. Now I have to try other medicines! Nice to know it worked for some.
Cons: Very painful to insert (I have not had children) and the strings bothered my partner.  I could feel it when bending and being active and had frequent albeit mild cramps during said activity.  Had it removed after a year and a half.Pros: No period and no pregnancies.
I 'll give it a few stars because it made my UTI symptoms BETTER.. However did NOT clear up the infection! I just finished up the bottle after taking twice a day for ten days. Yet 2 days later I am feeling the terrible symptoms all over again, like nothing has changed. Will be going back to the Dr tomorrow for a stronger medication.
After a few days Flomax did work and increased my stream. I was unable to orgasm or ejaculate on this drug. If you have no interest in sex it does work. I took lowest dosage. I believe it was .04 MG I stopped taking the drug.  Going to Dr. to try another.
I had my  first depo shot on july 2016 and i have never had periods which to me was great because I hate the cramps I get during periods. For the past 3months I have been having terrible mood swings. No sex drive, but the worst was the past 1 week, painful cramps that I couldn 't get out of bed. I don 't recommend this to anyone.
When I experienced lipodystrophy on the insulin pump, my endocrinologist prescribed Toujeo pens for my basal insulin and Humalog pens for my mealtime and correction doses of insulin. I have always been somewhat brittle but on the toujeo, I was even more brittle.  My doseage of 16 units of Toujeo was too low but an increase of only one unit of one unit per day caused extremely low blood sugars.  In fact in my almost 40 years of Type 1 Diabetes, the lowest blood glucose readings I ever experienced (25 mg/dl) was while on Toujeo.  I am not a medical professional but I would not recommend Toujeo to anyone.
UPDATE: Got my implant removed this morning! Planned Parenthood rocks!! Super fast and courteous!! I 'm so excited to be free! I will NEVER get that implant again!
This medication actually made my psoriasis worse. It made my skin itch and I recommend that you talk to your doctor and see if this medication is truly right for you. I have heard that it worked wonders for a lot of people. It just didn 't work for me.
I am almost finished my first pack of Yaz, at first my acne seemed to be going away but now it 's just getting worse. My cheeks are all red and splotchy, I have huge cystic breakouts on my chin. I have tried everything to make my acne go away, it 's gotten to the point where I feel so depressed and it 's all I think about. I 'm hoping after a couple more weeks it will start to improve a bit because right now it is terrible!
Weird!  A bizarre full body and brain sensation. I went I and and out of bouts of sleep the first times I used it. While the sensation wasn 't pleasant  (I felt sort of high in a not terribly comfortable way) I did get a decent total number of hour of sleep. Still it was weird enough that I didn 't want to repeat and only did so again after intervals of several weeks.  In total I took it maybe 4 times.  Took again tonight and again had a long, trippy and not very pleasant initial period then only slept about 5 hours and woke up feeling quite badly. Sorry, Belsomra, but you are going into the trash.
Switched from Risperdal to treat anxiety and irritability related to depression.  Once I worked up to 10mg dose, I developed a sort of stutter, caused by an inability to move my tongue correctly.  Dropping back down to 5mg made that problem disappear quickly.  Discontinued taking drug due to weight gain (10-15 lbs.).
Took this medication for one day, that might had painful diarrhea and a lot of gas. This is not a solutions for IBS if it just gives you more pain. Do not recommend if you are able to have semi regular bowel movements. It 's just too strong. Gave me heartburn and nausea too.
I was put on this med back in 2013 as a trial and error. (I have a kidney disease and high blood pressure) - I was also suffering from heavy periods/ovulation pain. So I went on it. And then stopped because it caused my BP to raise after 3 months.I then tried again in 2016 because I was already on a beta blocker. I have bad break outs, low sex drive, bloating, periods are spotty and went from every 28 days to 22 days. I 'm very moody and emotional.
I have been on Brintellix for nearly six weeks.  I experienced severe nausea for the first 10 days but thankfully it subsided after that time.  The medicine has mellowed me out but I still feel very zoned out, tired and listless.  I don 't have a &quot;joy&quot; for life with this medicine that I experienced on another antidepressant in the past.   My major concern is an increase in blood pressure.  I am an extremely healthy 35 year old female whose blood pressure has ALWAYS been 110/70.  Since starting this medication, my blood pressure has gone from 110/70 to 120/82, then 139 over 74 and now 149 over 80.  Nothing has changed in the past six weeks other than the addition of the medicine.  I 'm hoping to find something that is going to work soon.
I was only on Pristiq for 3 days before I had to stop taking it cold turkey. I 've dealt with restless leg syndrome since my childhood (I 'm now 20), but it would only affect me once or maybe twice per year. Out of the 3 days of taking Pristiq, I suffered from terrible restless legs while trying to sleep for 2 nights. I think the 2nd day I took it I had already experienced a bit more energy and felt sort of happier and less stressed, but unfortunately I cannot continue to take it due to the negative side effect.By the way, I know it 's bad to stop taking anything cold turkey, and I 'm currently suffering from that as well because my doctor hasn 't returned my calls regarding the issue in 4 days. 
About 4 weeks after the test which used atropine and dobutamine, I had a severe allergic reaction where I broke out in an itchy, red, bumpy rash in my armpits, which  spread over the next few days to my arms, legs, and buttocks. I had to have a cortizone shot, two courses of methylprednisone steroid pills, and several different types of steroid creams. The itching was so bad I could not help but scratch my body raw and bleeding in places. Three M. D.s all said it is not unusual for a chemical reaction to occur 4 to 6 weeks after the initial incident, though there is no way to tell if this was caused by atropine or dobutamine. But I took no new medications or food nor came in contact with chemicals or plants.
I had my Implanon put in October of 2010 when I was 20. The first 6 months to a year were rough. I never felt like hanging out with my friends, never felt like going to my classes, I gained about 20 lbs, I started getting bad breakouts on my face and back, I had no sex drive AT ALL and always felt tired. It has been almost two years and my breakouts cleared up a lot but I still haven 't lost the weight and I still have zero sex drive. My parents, brother, and boyfriend have recently talked to me about getting it out because I 'm just not myself like I used to be. I am having it taken out as soon as possible. The reason I kept it for so long is because it 's so much easier than taking a pill everyday and I haven 't had to pay for birth control.
I wrote a review on 12/2015 unfortunately I had to stop using copaxone because I got bad reactions. The last one was body shaking like if I had a machine connected to my body for one hour my buttocks muscle shaking so much. I got very scared and stopped medication. It 's been 2 months and I don 't think I will go back to it. I am just trying to eat healthy I cut all lacteos and red meat. 
I really didn 't notice much difference after 6 months on Lyrica - still had minor headaches, but apparently swelling went down (MRI). I DID notice the sleepiness at first, followed by insomnia and 30 lbs weight gain in that 6 months and swollen fingers and belly area.
I 've been taking lutera for about five months now. I 've noticed that my mood swings have gotten terrible. I am prone to headaches, and I 've gained quite a bit of weight that is nearly impossible to lose. 
My A1c was 13.9 and I was Prescribed Januvia 100mg Tab 34 Days ago &amp; my A1c is now a 9.6. I have noticed a Change of my Health since starting Januvia. I 'm experiencing Severe Painful Muscle Spasms to both Legs to Feet, Numbness to Right Arm &amp; Hand, Slight Abdominal Pains, Urination is every 5 Minutes and Bowel Movements are 3 Times/Day &amp; a Slight Pain in Lower Back is Constant. Typing the Keyboard on my Laptop is a Challenge because both Hands and Arms are shaking, 2 hrs to type this Review correctly is a Challenge. Only 34 Januvia Pills later I 'm feeling these affects that were not Normal 34 Days ago. My Blood Pressure Meds have been Raised from 10mg to 30mg after 15yrs on 10mg Dosage. Doc said, Keep taking Januvia, Have to get A1c to a 5.
Thought this medicine was great at first, but after going to 300mg dose, got yeast infections, terrible itching and burning. Tried all the suggested ideas, probotics, washing more, baby wipes, drinking more water, vasoline, moniststat, but to no avail.  Would clear up for a few days and start up again. Just could not stand it any longer. While I could eat slightly more carbs, only lost about 10lbs after 5 months and then it seemed like when I did eat carbs my sugar went up and stayed up until I ate my next meal before going down.  A1c only went from 7.9 to 7.8 after three months on the higher dose.  Also had terrible dry mouth and frequent urination.  Just unsure of this medication.
Breathing difficulties, excessive bowel movements, memory loss (short term),weight gain, swelling ankles, coughing, difficulty sleeping. I want to be on something else
I 'd switched to Viibryd from Effexor XR October 21,2013. Transition was fine, 10 mg dose for a week  I felt great..better than in years..up to 20, amazing..few side effects, soft multiple stools..not much more. Was going to stay at 20mg until I started having random anxiety attacks throughout the day. So took it to 40mg..what a nightmare! I turned bipolar, paranoid, and more anxiety. Back down to 20mg, was better for a bit, but now I have diarrhea daily and having 3am panic attacks. Seeing doctor this week, getting off Viibryd..sigh. I really wanted this one to work.
I got this after my son was born. I got it put in mid-Nov 2012.  I had a short one half month without a period, on and off regularly for one month and now I have had one for going on two months.  I am always tired which could be the new baby but he is pretty much the best part of my life so I don 't know about that. My hair also fell out but that is also a sign of coming off the prenatal vitamins. I am increadably moody. I fell disengaged at work. I have not had a problem losing weight on Weight Watchers since I started it but I do eat much less now
12 weeks and no change. The most expensive weight loss medication I have taken even with the card. Constipation and frequent need to urinate.
Caused side effects like erectile dysfunction and it took a while to work.  Also felt a little dizzy taking this.
I have had this birth control in my arm for 3 weeks now I do not like it. About a week after I had it put in I have been getting headaches, I break out on my face and very bad mood swings I have turned into a total b*tch and get upset very easy and that is not me at all and not to mention I usually have my period 4/5 days it 's now going on 10 days, also the implant has moved to the injection point in my arm not sure if that 's good or not but I don 't like it so I 'm getting it taken out next week.
I received my implant in December 2013 after having my son in May 2013. The 1st year was great, no side effects at all. The next year however, has been terrible. The first terrible side effect, I have been on my cycle for a full 3 weeks and still counting. 2nd, my hair has begun to shed. 3rd, the weight gain is out of control. No matter what I do to lose weight, it doesn 't happen, it 's like I 'm stuck at this weight. Because I got on shortly after having my son, I haven 't even had an opportunity to drop the baby weight. It 's a great method because you don 't have to worry about anything for 3 years, but it just doesn 't  work for me. I desire to lose at least 30 lbs, have a full head of healthy hair, and a cycle once a month for about 4-7.
Although my dentist and doctor both agreed that I could take amoxicillin at the same time as Bactrim, I ended up with terrible spasms and diarrhea.
I don 't want to scare people off from taking this pill but in the short period I took this pill I had too many issues. I am a person who has great blood pressure. Immediately after starting I noticed my feet feeling swollen so I started taking my blood pressure. It was through the roof!!  I was having horrible crippling anxiety everyday for most the day and I already have depression and anxiety disorder.  I was bloated all the time.  I called my doctor and they told me to immediately stop the pills. I 'm 37 and average weight. Birth control isn 't worth having a stroke.
I have had the implanon now for 2 years in the beginning everything was good, the last year I have been suffering from horrible aniexty attacks not sure if its because of the birth control or not, I have been breaking out like crazy! I can go a month without a period then I 'll have one then go a week without bleeding then start again for another week or 2, I have gotten to the point of always being nervous about driving going to work or even being surrounded by people which I grew up in and around a big family so not myself at all!! Hopefully soon I 'll get it out and I will be back to myself !
I just removed the ring after 3 weeks because after two weeks I started having hot flashes, low back pain and vaginal discharge. It has been 3 days now and the symptoms are abating. I did not like the bloat I was feeling and will go back to the Estrace cream, which is not as convenient but with which I did not have side effects.
For those of you like myself that could not afford it go through the manufacturer  and you may qualify to get it free. They have been a life saver for me.
I took just one 50 mg tablet for shoulder and upper back pain in the evening.  I woke up with a migraine type headache. I am not likely to take anymore. I had no problems with Darvocet, but they took this medication off the market.
This isn 't my first time using this brand. All I can say is it made me want eat all day everyday. Made me nauseous but started taking it at night and that helped . It also gives me horrible mood swings during my period.
The Nexplanon was seriously so wonderful in the beginning! No headaches, no weight gain, no bleeding, and my sex drive increased which obviously I wasn 't complaining! I didn 't bleed for the first 4.5 months! I was so excited. Then the 5th month came rolling around and I bled for 3 months straight! I woke up one morning at 8:20 am soaked through my super tampon by 9:15, here recently I went through 96 tampons in a 17 hour period. Ugh! Not to mention the pain during intercourse! The pain gets so intense I start balling during sex, which upsets my partner because he thinks he is hurting me. I have no  appetite to eat, and I am extremely tired all the time, I have no energy, and my bleeding is so bad. I do NOT recommend this birth control!
I 've known something was wrong with me for several years now, but only recently did I &quot;push the point&quot; and get some face time with a specialist. The pulmonologist put me on a CPAP machine and dismissed my MSLT results, whereas the neurologist paid attention to my MSLT results and diagnosed me with narcolepsy. He put me on 250mg Nuvigil, broken in half, 1 in AM and 1 at noon. The first day it worked *great*, the rest of the first week or two it worked so-so (still had &quot;the nods&quot; at my desk, driving, etc, but usually didn 't fall completely asleep), but it really hasn 't helped since then. I, too, will &quot;stick it out&quot; for a month.
My experiences with this birth control were almost identical to the others I 've read-it 's nice to know I have company. I had (2) Implanons put in and removed. Upside: 1) totally effective contraception! 2) You don 't have to worry about remembering to take anything. 3) No calls to your pharmacy or monthly cost. Downsides: 1) Constant spotting-never knew when it would stop or start. I pretty much always had to wear protection due to this. 2) Moodiness-My frame of mind kind of made me feel crazy and hormonal at certain times, worse than I 've ever experienced. 3) The weight gain! :( I 've always been really small, so this was an unpleasant surprise to me (especially when I got married last year). Just got it removed and switched to the pill!
My fianc&eacute; caught the flu I could tell by his symptoms and him sleeping all day for 3 days with high fever. So the moment I felt the body aches, chill and ran a fever of 101.4 I went to the doctor and was prescribed Tamiflu 75mg 2 times a day. Was not given a swab test just by my symptoms they told me it was the flu.. Being pregnant and having the flu puts me at a higher risk for complications so of course I wanted to take it to get better. The first pill I took was at night I woke up feeling so much better just a Little nauseous so I though Tamiflu is a life saver but by my third pill I woke up very dizzy and it 's very scary. I last took a pill yesterday morning and still feeling dizzy and wierd. Doc says to finish but I refuse!
i have been using this twice a day for 9 days and have seen very little improvement. if i don 't see some improvement in the next day or two i will be returning to my Dr. to get something else.
I got paragard in January of 2016.  I was attracted to the thought of being hormone-free and it sounded more natural to me. I had been on birth control for about 6 years so I was really excited about just being back on my own. I thought I might be able to even lose a few pounds since it is hormone free. Also, not having to worry about pregnancy or forgetting to take a pill was very attractive.After only two months, I 've decided to get my paragard removed due to the following reasons: Extremely heavy periods...I mean buying the &quot;ultra&quot; size tampon and having to change it every 2-3 hours, bleeding on the sheets overnight, taking a bath and standing up and literally seeing the blood just dripping into the tub...like hemorraging almost.
I started give this medication to my 7years old we started with 18mg, 25mg and now 40mg, no change on his behavior yet 40mg it only been 2wks that he is taking it, but one thing is he is more aggressive, crying a lot but I am going to continue for 2more wks to see if any changes after that definitely I will call the doctor to change this med.
I 've been on this pill for about a month since then I 've been feeling very light headed at times, also I noticed that my appetite has increased drastically. I feel more tired than usual &amp; the mood swings are terrible. On top of all that the acne won 't go away!!! This pill is okay but I wouldn 't suggest it for a long time use.
calmed my cough overnight......... but left me quite lethargic..... groggy the next day :-((
This medicine has me really confused.  My 7 yr old has ADHD and usually has really good control on meds.  Concerta always worked really well, but we couldn 't go any higher on the dose.  Everything else wares off before he is home from school .  We tried the Daytrana to see if he would have some control through the bus ride home.  The confusing part is, it 's helping a lot with the hyperactivity, but not at all with focus.  He 's actually always done well in school, but now his teacher says he just wanders around the classroom.  Any one else ever had this experience?
I came down with psoriasis at age 54 and am now 57. It devasted me within 2 months. I lost my finger nails and toe nails. I couldn 't walk without help. My hands were useless. I just started with the injections on 2/2/16. Had my 2nd injection on 3/2/16. I 've notice some improvement on my left shin area of my leg and my left elbow. Other areas are now pink. My feet are somewhat better but my hands are still bad as I wear examination gloves constantly. I 've still have flakes, dryness, itching and bumps as the Stelara hasn 't helped &quot;yet&quot; with that. I 'm due for my 1st 90Day shot after these 2 booster shots. I 'll see what my Dr. Thinks then on 5/25/16...
Takes a while to feel any relief.  I have experienced dizziness, shallow breathing, hypotention.
I 've had my Mirena for 4 months now. I 'm 26 and have never had a child or been pregnant. My periods prior to using any hormonal birth control, my periods were always inconsistent and sometimes heavy. My gyno recommended switching me to an IUD since I have no desire for children in the future. The insertion process was extremely painful for me. I had awful cramps for a week after I got it. I even had to get the dr to write me a prescription for pain medication so that I could tolerate going to work. I consider myself someone that can tolerate a high amount of physical pain but getting the Mirena put in it was a terrible experience. I do not want another one after the 5 years is up.
Reading these reviews Really helped I knew it was this BC!! Ok I have had the nexplanon for like 10 months when I say my mood swings are the worst and the weight gain is ridiculous I was never a small girl but I was never huge tho!!! My sex drive does not exist like I really had to sit down a few days ago and think about what was wrong with me and the birth control is the only difference I have made since then. The depression and mood swings is crazy I will be scheduling me an appt to get this thing taken out. I just be yelling at my boyfriend and thats when it hit me because Im really laid back and cool this thing has to get out my arm
Started a week ago after gabapentin was wearing off about 5 am. Hate it! Severe headaches and dry mouth wake me up several times a night and feel out of it in the morning. Also very expensive. Going back to gabapentin.
I 've a degenerative spinal disorder known as syringomyelia (without Arnold Chirari mal) which was caused after an auto accident in which I was ejected from my car as it flipped. I suffered several fractures to the skull, sub-arachnoid hematoma (resolved itself) in addition to a broken spine. I was initially taking Norco 10/325 4 x daily, which worked fine at the time, then my Syrinx began presenting symptoms; mainly horrid pain at the site of it (C3-T2). Tramadol 50mg was added in addition to Zanaflex and Xanax for the accompanying exacerbation of anxiety, but still in pain. This medicine is short acting and not sufficient for SM sufferers.
My urinary tract infection symptoms were not nearly as painful as the side effects of this medicine. It cleared up the UTI in a day but by the second day, it was nausea, extreme fatigue, no appetite, joint and muscle pain, stomach pain and complete weakness, chills and fever. Pharmacist said it was probably the UTI. Now it 's day 5 and I 'm in agony. Stopping Macrobid and calling the doctor in the morning.
I was referred to GI Dr. due to years of constipation and unproductive trial after trial of every over the counter medication and whollistic remedy known to man, I surrendered and began taking approximately 4 times the suggested dose of OTC stimulant laxative. This went on for 3-4 years and I knew I was dehydrating when began to have cotton eye- (like cotton mouth).So my GI doc prescribed linzess and it worked right away but unfortunately I didn 't know it! Its weird, I had none of the normal sensations of a bowel movement but SHWOOSH there it was and there was no stopping it! It was too late before I even felt anything! Thank God I was home! I have a sensitive awareness of my body and its processes so its not like I have no feeling either
I had mirena inserted on May 27th.... Terrible pain but only for a minute. My doc was quick and talked me through the procedure. Since the 27th, I have bled constantly. It is terrible ... I have an extremely heightened sex drive but the bleeding is getting in the way. My husband wants it out he said I was better off without it. I have been very moody and tired. Also notice a weird odor but no infection is present. Ugh.
I have been on a 75mg of Elavil for over a year now for degenerative disc decease and 2 bad knees, it helps me sleep but the pain is still bad even with a morphine patch and oxycodone, but maybe my case is a rare one.
I got the implant put in mid September and had it taken out in February five months later. The insertion was fine in the doctors office and did not hurt at all. Major bruising and tenderness was the only side effect. My doctor told me a few side effects and that most women get used to the implant within 4 months or less and bleeding goes back to normal. However I was on my period from the time I got the implant until the day I got it taken out. It caused me to have horrible mood swings and it made me very short with people. I noticed I got mad at little things and just was moody a lot. No other side effects. My doctor recommended it be taken out because I had not stopped bleeding. A great birth control but just wasn 't for my body.
I was diagnosed about a year ago and put on Onglyza. It worked well, keeping my blood sugar at a normal level. About 6 months ago my Dr lowered my dose from 5 mg once a day to 2.5 mg per day. Still great blood sugars. About a month ago he stopped all meds and my sugar climbed up, so back on Onglyza 5 mg once a day. Last week my sugar went to 300-400, even my fasting levels. So today I went in an was immediately given a shot of insulin, prescribed Tresiba and an oral med with Metformin in it. Can 't figure out why Onglyza stopped working for me. But it did. Very unhappy now.
Weight gain and fatigue.
I went from my regular Othro Tri-Cyclen lo, to this version. It is by far one of the worst pills. While it did prevent pregnancy, I have been very moody, I could get angry or cry over the smallest things. This pill has had me depressed. My blood pressure is also unusually high, on top of that I 've broken out on my face. This pill has me feeling unlike myself, I 've never had problems until I started this pill. Never again!
The first time I took Saphris this feeling of panic came over me and I had to call someone to talk me down. I took it for 2 months for the 1st month it was ok but into the 2nd month I had such extreme anxiety that I couldn 't leave the house and had to take sick leave from my job for a month. It didn 't work for me.
I have Asthma so maybe it makes it worse . But it came on suddenly with no fever. No change in pulse . Just a cough that hurt the back of my head so bad that it rattled my brain and made me see fireworks in my head .  I don 't think this z pac worked for me because after laying in bed no energy for 1 week I went to the doc again . This time he prescribed Bactrim and it seems to be working - I 'm feeling better.  The doc asked if I had a loose stool , no I didn 't but my BF has the same symptons and a very loose stool . I just wish he would go to the Doc so we don 't pass this back and forth ..Arithamyicin has worked for me in the past but not with whatever this supercough is.  Its feeling like nothing ever before  is ... I just wonder how contagious it is
I like this inhaler except for the ridiculous dose counter.It 's only worth a 4 rating for that.Who in the world thought this counter would be better?
I was diagnosed with strep, nasal infection, and a ear infection about 5 days ago. I took cefdinir as directed for 5 days and saw little to no results. Some side affects for me that were not listed were my stool smelling of the dissolved pill and also my urine.
My grandson has silent seizures and has been on Lamictal for about 3 years. He is 16 years old. He started off on a 100mg a day. He was increased to 200mg daily. His seizures has stopped but he has lost a lot of weight. I discussed this with his doctor and he said it wasn 't the medication. I had already done some research and saw that it could be a side effect. He told me to take him to his family doctor. When I took him to his family doctor she said it was the Lamictal. He also has terrible acne, has a hard time concentrating, has a hard time expressing himself and has severe constipation to the point he has bowel incontinence. He has had several problems with anger issues. These symptoms started when they upped his medication.
I had my first UC flare end of March lost 40 lbs and was bleeding so badly I was hospitalised on IV prednisone for 7 days. My symptoms remained. I 've been on 40mg Prednisone for 4 weeks now together with lialda. I finally stopped bleeding 2 weeks ago, but it has not been a fast process wonder drug for me. My doc took me off lialda because she is not convinced it is working. I am still on 40 mg prednisone and pain is still there not as severe though and I go 3-5 times a day and about the same in the night.  Side effects weight gain on belly and moon face, peeling skin, neck and leg pain, heart palpitations and hard time sleeping.
I have not experienced any decrease in pain and I have had trouble sleeping, feeling constantly drowsy and find it difficult to concentrate at work. Have had some instances of irritability.
The gel worked at first clearing my skin quickly, but then it stopped working and all my acne came back even worse.
IUD is good at preventing pregnancy.The side effects of this IUD has been awful. I have been on it for 4 months. I am 110lbs, 5 '4 ' ', healthy and I used to have heavy periods that last about a week. First month, I was bleeding heavily for more than 2 weeks, I also had brown discharge. I had cramps that occurred randomly throughout the month that was comparable to getting my IUD inserted, but it was very short whereas before getting this IUD, during the first 2-3 days of period I would have constant dull pain. Bleeding calmed down after, and now at 4 months, my period lasts more than a week. I get light spotting for 3-4 days, then bleeding for 4-5 then brown discharge for several days. Still have bad cramps and am emotional.
I spent three days and two nights coughing.  The doctor said I had a sinus infection and gave me this for the cough.  It 's not helping very much.  I don 't notice any side effects.  When I had a sinus infection years ago a different doctor gave me Phenergan DM and that immediately stopped the cough.
I had the implanon put in in 2014 and I loved it, I have not had my period since then and very rarely get cramps, although now when I look back I realised my anxiety got worse and my depression also got worse. Half way through 2015 I started to break out and gained a lot of weight 30 kg .  I 'm always tired and very moody, my hair thins and I 'm always sick. At first I thought this was because of my Hypothyroidism but my Dr said it is under control and not causing these issues. My Dr has also advised that the implanon could be the main cause of these issues and to get it out. I am getting it out this week and hoping for some/all my health issues to improve. I can say I go to the gym 3-5 times a week and eat very well and nothing changes!!!!!!
Okay so I was on Ortho Tri Cyclen Lo before I started Aviane and I had AWFUL hormonal cystic acne along my jaw line. I switched to Aviane in the attempt to control my acne. Within 3 days I saw a MAJOR improvement. my skin is almost clear and it has been a week. HOWEVER, my mood swings are awful. I 'm extremely angry, my boyfriend is putting up with a monster. On top of being miserable, sex drive has completely tanked. Definitely didn 't work for me at all. I hate to get off of it because my face is so clear but I really can 't take the anger anymore
I have been on this medicine for 8 days now and have constant, severe nausea.  This is the second night in a row that I have thrown-up. My sex drive is back which is why I switched from Lexapro 10 mg.  I am hoping the nausea will go away.  I have also gained 3 lbs in these 8 days!  Tomorrow I am going to keep a food diary and when I take my medicine to see if I can make any changes.  The swelling in my stomach has not gotten better and has been there for 2 days now.
Have been taking this for not even a month and I have been super emotional, its crazy because I 'm usually layed back. I want sex more now but I guess you can say I experience a little cramping sharp pains every now and then. Overall its okay.
I have minor acne and have recently been prescribed Ziana. I feel like my dermatologist just threw this at me and said &quot;Hey, try this&quot;. After a week of using it my acne did not get better or worse it just stopped, but what really bugs me is that my skin got EXTREMELY oily, if you had saw my face you would have thought I just ran a goddamn marathon.
I unfortunately wouldn 't recommend this based on my experience. I got it in and had my period for about 2 months straight. Then 3 weeks came where it went away and then it came back even worse and lasted for another 5 to 6 weeks. During those 5 weeks there were about 18 total hours where I wasn 't bleeding. Not to mention my back broke out which it 's never done before and my mood was affected alot also. Three days after it was inserted I cried for like 4 hours for no reason. I finally got it out yesterday and I couldn 't be more relieved. The agony consumed me. I wish It worked for me like it did with others who had their period stop completely and no side effects. Good luck! Lol
I took one pill earlier thinking it was a slower release of a pill, woke up after midnight with the worst abdominal pain and nausea. I was needing relief, but was not expecting to be in this much pain.
I am currently on Depakote. I was put on Depakote while I was in the hospital after having an acute anger episode. It worked the at first but now I am getting highly irritable for no reason and am bruising easily and it is very unusual bruising. I want to get off of it because I am having a lot of episodes. More than ever before. I have been on Abilify and Prozac and now this. Nothings working that well.
Symbicort helped breath easier in the beginning. After a few weeks it actually made it worse and on top of it gave me terrible dibilitating back pain and hoarse throat. Side effects are not worth it! I would not recommend.
I am mid prep right now, and I feel compelled to write this after my horrible experience. I am 48, finished chemo and radiation for breast cancer about 6 months ago, so I don 't know if that has affected my experience.  And my Dad had stage IV colon cancer so I know other preps are not easy either. But the taste of this is unbearable and vile! I had severe bloating and nausea, took a Zofran after speaking to the nurse.. About 2 hours later I ate half a bowl of broth and had 6 or more projectile vomiting. Called the Dr, he said don 't take the 2nd bottle, indicated it worked faster in me, I assume. Had jello &amp; Sprite later, 2 hours from that more stomach pain and 7 more projectile vomiting. I am afraid to drink anything now. NEVER again!
I started taking this pill to help with my very painful periods.  It did help them become more manageable, but the side effects made me decide to stop taking it after 3 months.  My acne got very out of control.  My face was completely covered in big, painful red zits.  Also, my hair got very greasy.  I would wash it every morning and by 2 pm it would look dirty again.  Other than that, it was fine.  I didn 't gain weight, no nausea, and increased sex drive.  I tried to make it work because everything else was okay, but in the end, the acne just got too bad for me (but I tend to have acne prone skin anyway).
I have been on this for over a year and I am sad that it isn 't working for certain things. I have a very light 3-4 day period every time, no breakthrough bleeding, no cramps headaches or anything else! My skin cleared up immensely. The three biggest problems were the fact that ever since I have been on this I have absolutely no sex drive, at all, I have been so depressed and down, and I gained 20 pounds because of the hormone levels :(! I would still be on it if the couple side effects I have weren 't so large.
I took this medicine for a month and it didn 't work for me at all.
I 'm nearing the end of my 3 year term and getting it out now, but should have long ago! I got my nexplanon put in January 2013... The first 10 months were fantastic, I did not have 1 period! From 10 months until about 14 months was ok, I had a period here and there. The past year or more had been TERRIBLE! Instead of having a period 1 week per month, I am lucky to NOT have a period for 4 days a month!On top of that, I gained a total of 30 pounds.. most of it in the first year.I hate it and should have had it removed sooner but next Wednesday is the day!Rated it a 3 because it was successful in that I did not get pregnant.
Almost immediate issues with syncope, had to stop taking and go back to Urologist.
I felt fine the 1st day on this drug eating anything and everything that sounded good. Then the 2nd day I took it again in the morning and was fine for a few hour then boom. I went downhill finally it was time for supper I tried soup it was ok then I ate yogurt and took the medicine. Well my body didn 't like that I got to spend my time emptying my stomach after that. Now onto the 3rd day I 'm really not sure if I want to take it 2 times a day.
I was on Belviq for a while and it was really good it helped me loose over 70 lbs. but after the 5 month of being on it it started to make me dizzy, sleepy, tired, confused, and a little depressed. It also made me it really hard for me to concentrate. The medication was no longer working for me, I had an incredibly hard time moving. I constantly felt thrown out of balance and almost fell several times. I had to stop taking it, good news though the medication didn 't cause any type of discontinuation syndrom so once I was off of it I felt so much better.
I used it for sometime and it caused me temporary muscular spasms in my face. I prefer Zofran.
I have been on it for a year and never gotten any better after the first week. This is my last refill just hoping for a miracle.
After taking 2 tablets I developed an impacted bowel that didn 't respond to soft gels. The pain from this was terrible and finally relieved by taking a Fleets enema.
&quot;I have spondylolisthesis, L4/L5-S1, 2 bulging discs, and stenosis. After my 2nd fusion surgery I was prescribed Gabapentin. I found I would forget what I was talking about in the middle of a sentence, and acute disorientation! I remember I had just finished paying for my groceries and the next thing I knew I woke up in the ER! I guess I became very disoriented in the store. I was fine after &quot;waking&quot; &amp; took a taxi back to the store. I had NO CLUE what had happened! About a week later I was heading to physical therapy, blacked out and hit a tree, totalling my car. I suspected the Gabapentin, as that was the only &quot;new med&quot; for me. I was told it was making me irritable and combative (still don 't remember that). I quit taking it &amp; problem gone!
I have written on here twice before in the beginning of when I first got it inserted. If I could go back and not do it, I would. I 've had the Skyla for 6 MONTHS now and I am miserable. I have severe cystic acne EVERYWHERE (even tho I never have), crazy bad cramps, insane mood swings, and weight gain. I 'm 23, no kids, nothing. I 've tried the pill and I hoped this would work but I am getting it out. Don 't do it, your relationships and health aren 't worth it and it 's a painful process.
Well, I was diagnosed with Crohn 's disease at age 29... but the doctors thought I had it before then but I was pregnant and it laid dormant for about a year. My intestines burst one year ago and I had to have bowel resection...20 inches and my appendix. After all that, they put me on steroids and pentasa two 500mg, 3 times a day. At first I did ok with it but I 'm horrible at taking medicine so I started decreasing the amount that I took. Doctor is not thrilled of course but now that I haven 't taken it for a while, I feel no different than when I 'm on it. I have diarrhea anytime I eat and occasional gas with pain but that 's it... I 'm lucky I know and still not sure if I 'm making the right choice but meds are $70/mo
I 've been on tri lo sprinter for four months. I switched over from Ortho tri cyclen, which I loved. My first period on tri lo sprinter was horrendous. I was extremely depressed, and hopeless, which I did not experience on my previous birth control. Since then my mood around the time of my period has settled, but I get debilitating migraines consistently every month the first day of my period. It has the same active ingredients as the name brand, but it feels quite different to me, maybe that has to do with the inactive ingredients.
I got my arm implant on May 24th and so far everything was good, no weight gain, headache , no side effects... But I was due to have my period on June the 18th, however I started spotting since the last Saturday, and it will be a week in about three days.I started this birth control because I couldn 't remember to take my pills, and I have irregular and painful periods without.I hope this spotting will not last long, since I will spent two month holidays in the Caribbean and I don 't want to get annoyed by the spotting.Sorry for making making mistakes, I will improve my english !
I believe I don 't need to take vagifem ,yes I have  a prolapse ,I am awaiting an operation ,but the side effects have been terrible ,weight loss,loss of appetite ,enlarged stomach ,lethargic ,stomach pain ,So I have decided not to continue with this medication ,
I 'm a 20 year old female. I was prescribed Prozac 6 months ago. For the first few weeks I felt great, everything seemed better. After 1 month I became even more depressed, my period was very heavy and lasted weeks at a time. I had disturbing nightmares everything, developed restless legs syndrome, and started grinding my teeth. I was tired constantly and ended up in hospital due to suicidal thoughts. I am now on citalopram and things have never been better.
Within 2 weeks Xeljanz was working amazingly for my rheumatoid arthritis.  But had to stop after 8 weeks because of complete insomnia and depression/anxiety.  This drug brought on depression, insomnia, and anxiety so hard and so quickly.  I just could not continue.  This had the same effect on me as prednisone.  My system cannot tolerate that either.  Too bad because both work so well for the arthritis.  Luckily these side effects have gone away after stopping the medicine
I am in the middle of week 3.  I have lost 11 pounds and am thrilled.  I had no side effects except a little constipation.  I was feeling great.  Then 2 days ago I noticed my jaw clenching up.  I felt like I was grinding my teeth.  Then the last time I had this happen to me I was on Buproprion.  Same drug in this Contrave.  By the next day I was feeling jittery, clenched jaw and a little spacey.  Not feeling quite right at all.  Kind of nervous and almost feeling like I shouldn 't be driving.  If I was busy I didn 't notice it.  But when I was still it was terrible.  I am so sad, I think I am going to have to quit taking it.  I have had such good results and it was really helping me with my cravings.  I just was not hungry.
It worked well with the first dose, but the sinus headache, rubbery limb feeling, and upper respiratory scratchiness make it not worth taking.
Nexplanon started off great but after about 6 months, it was the worst decision I had made. I tried to ride it out because I thought it would get better but it never did. My periods last almost 3 weeks with heavy bleeding the entire time, and constant moodiness and fatigue. I am scheduling an appointment to get it removed!!!
So this was honestly the best medicine I ever went on for my depression, BUT it made me gain 60lbs in a matter of 2 or 3 months. And I have always been small my entire life. Didn 't change any habits either when I was on this. I 've been off this medication for about a year now and haven 't lost a pound of the weight I gained because of it, despite working extremely hard. It really sucks because this medicine made me feel great, until I became really overweight. Now I 'm too self conscious and depressed about myself that I don 't even go in public unless I absolutely have to.
I started the Seasonal Pill because the heavy bleeding caused me to become very anemic to the place I had to get iron infusions. It does make me crave everything, my sex drive is going down a little and I have been bleeding for a while. It went from using a pantie liner to using pads and I 'm not even thru my thrid pack of pills. Not sure If I can handle the bleeding like this. And lets 's not mention the cramps. I have never in my life had cramps like this like someone is on the inside of me scraping out my inside. I don 't think I can hang.
I decided to take the Depo for birth control instead of the pill because I am terrible at remembering to take it daily. The first month I had no problems, it worked great. Now in the second month I had two weeks of spotting and now another week of a full period continues. I plan on switching birth control methods next month.
This med has caused ET dysfunction which may be permanent. It has terrible withdrawal side effects so I am having difficulty tapering off. I wish I was told  about this is like before getting on it .I regret ever taking it.
Vyvanse didn 't work for me. I had to switch back to Adderall XR. Vyvanse had no effect on my mood or concentration levels at all.
I saw a doctor and he gave me this , take 4 daily for a week! , I 'm on day 6 &amp; I feel so lost and can 't even think straigh.  It had  diarrhoea and feel so tired where I can 't even stay up without wanting to just close my eyes &amp; also dizzy and headaches , I think I got a high dose for something kinda little , I have this small blister from breastfeeding and the doctor must have thought it was something else but so far it kinda helped healed it but the side effects so bad , I 'm going back to the doctor cause I can 't take these meds anymore I hate this feeling
Started taking generic brand first two months worked fine three days into my third pack started spotting now I 'm full blown on my period. Have always bled for five days and always lighten up by fourth day I 'm still bleeding very heavy and it 's day six not sure if I should stop taking pill or wait it out
I have been on 20 mg of Abilify now for about 10 years. When I first began taking it I gained over 100 pounds in 6 months. I finally stopped gaining at 250. I have tried everything to take the weight off. Nothing. My doctor added 20 mg of Lexapro. I gained 30 more pounds. I am going to stop taking the Abilify as the weight gain is causing health issues. I just hope the weight will come off.
its is hard to type but after a bad traumatic brain injury  I now have seizures and at 39 going on 40 and with this pill I still experience more than 5 seizures per  day.
I never had a problem with birth control until I switched from the brand Ortho-Tricylcen to Tri-Previfem. It was ok for the first month of use but after that I found that this medication caused me to have heightened anxiety, loss of appetite, and even nausea. Bottom line- I 'm switching back to what I was on before because of these side effects!
About an hour after taking it, I feel very drowsy and able to sleep for a couple hours, maybe 3-4 hours but it also made me have strange dreams and I 'd wake up extremely hungry, having to get up out of bed to eat in the middle of the night. Not worth it, in my opinion. Going back to taking Melatonin.
This was my first experience with birth control. From a physical side it was great, lighter, shorter periods and no side effects. But it turned me into a miserable, emotional mess. Almost ruined my relationship with my mood swings, neediness and constant breakdowns. It took a long time for me to begin suspecting Yaz, and it was only when the pharmacy was out and gave me Yasmin instead that my suspicions were confirmed, I am 100 % happier and more emotionally stable now.
I had been on Trinessa since I was 19 and am now 23. I was switched to Tri-Sprintec because my pharmacy only carried that for generic. I figured I 'd give it a try since the hormone levels were the same as Trinessa and I had no problems what so ever on Trinessa. Well for the last 6 months I 've been excessively irritable and T 've never cried so much in my life. My already C cups have gone up to a DD. I have absolutely no sex drive and it 's starting to affect my relationship. I don 't want to do anything anymore but sit on the couch and sleep. I also have been getting really bad cramps and abdominal pains not just during my period but all the time! I 'm switching back.
I used to take Celexa when I was very young, and just started it back up today, and I know generally it takes 2-4 weeks to see any real results but let me just say even after only 1 day I can already feel a slight difference. I feel a lot more mellowed out. It may be the placebo effect (me thinking I feel better because I know I took something) but I do feel a bit more calm than usual. I did experience some drowsiness and a little bit of dizziness but it didn 't exceed any more worse than that, and it didn 't last long. I would definitely recommend this medicine to someone suffering anxiety and depression.
I 've on this medication for a full week and I haven 't had any results yet. I 'm drinking lots of water as I always do, and staying active.
I want to advise people that yes this drug works to help reduce migraines and muscle spasms. However, I feel obligated to advise you that if you use this drug even in small doses on a daily basis you may/will have some severe withdrawal symptoms (ie depression, insomnia, nausea, more spasticity, mood swings, hallucinations, and more ). The sad part is doctors love prescribing drugs to medicate but so often do not give you the whole picture, I was not advised of the withdrawal symptoms even after weaning myself of of this drug. Please do your research before taking ANY drug.
I have a rare syndrome and I 'm on methotrexate and prednisone. I 've been taking both for 4 months now and also take another pill 12 hours later due to the side effects from the methotrexate. I 'm hoping to get off the predniose and see how the methotrexate will work alone.
I am taking 25mg in morning. Working up to 100mg over few weeks going up 25mg every 2weeks, iv only been taking it 4days and tbh only thing I 've noticed was first day felt rough but since I 've felt the odd nausea no other side effects, maybe because I 've been so busy haven 't noticed them, I 'm actually lookin  forward to upping dosage, I want to prevent migraines I dunno why I didn 't go get help sooner I 've suffered for years, but to me being overweight I 'm also hoping itl help with the weightloss I 've been struggling to lose for over 4yrs I 'm fit and healthy and regular exercise and healthy eater yet can 't shift so hoping this helps
I was told I had Atypical Pneumonia. After Azithromycin, it didn 't completly clear up my lung. So the doctor prescribed broad spectrum - Doxycycline. This really upsets my stomach which I never experience with other antibiotics before. I had to take crackers before this medicine. Otherwise, I would throw up (did once when took with empty stomach). After 14 days, I didn 't feel completely free of germ. 5 days after finished the last dose, I started with sore throat again.
I 've suffered from acne for over 10 years. I went through two treatments of Accutane. It helped clear up my skin, but it didn 't help clear up my blackheads. The 2nd time I was on it, my dermatologist kept me on for 8 months and it still wasn 't a true success. I have been off Accutane for 2 years now. I still suffer from acne, especially blackheads. I don 't break out nearly as bad as before, but it 's still a struggle. 
I 've had Implanon for almost 7 months.. and its been a horrible experience for me. To all the ladies that love it, thumbs up for you! A week and a half after getting it put in, my period started and its gone downhill from there. I will bleed for 2 months straight, stop for a week or 2 then its back again for months! I 'm the meanest person on earth, and I 'm constantly snapping and crying over something. It 's ruining my relationship with my boyfriend of over 2 years and my family thinks I 'm just a grouch because they don 't understand what I 'm going through. I have new acne of my face daily, hair loss, and sore breasts (especially in the morning). Also, I gained 5lbs in about 2 weeks, but thankfully I 'm dieting and exercising and I lost that weight!
I started taking this pill because of extremely heavy, painful and irregular periods. The first six months were great, I had very light bleeding, no cramps and my periods were very regular. Around my sixth month I got terrible acne, I only ever had a pimple here and there and I got cystic acne around my chin and cheeks. Now forward to the ninth month, I 've been feeling very depressed, cry all the time and just feel like a mess. I also suffer from severe nausea. I 'm ending this packet, and then I 'm switching to a much lighter pill which will hopefully help me.
I have taken Levaquin many times for my sinuses and have had 2 sinus surgeries.  I am currently on my 38th day of 750mg and have 11 more days to go of taking it.  We are doing this for so long as a last resort before doing surgery again.  I can not tell that it is doing much good this go around.  It does not allow me to rest well so I take it in the morning but  I can honestly say that I am over the vomiting daily because of it.  It also gives me the shakes and just a very bad overall feeling until lunch or so.
Too many different generic on market, some work, some don 't.
I have been on this pill for a couple of months now. It 's great with acne and no weight gain or anything but I will say it 's absolutely horrible with moods. I 've had the worst mood swings. I 'm depressed and I literally cry over ANYthing and when I start, I cant stop!
I 've had it for about 4 months now. I had it put in at my 6 week checkup after having my son. I was losing a lot of weight before I had it. Then my weight loss just stopped. I 've gained so much. My sex life is non existent. I 'm constantly feeling depressed. And I have no period, I prefer to have it.
I have been on the ring for 2 years, but I am now realizing that my mood swings, hair loss and zero sex drive is from this birth control. I was to put the ring in yesterday but I 'm didn 't.  
I 've been on Chateal birth control pills for 3 weeks now and I 've experienced constipation, fatigue, nausea, and really bad mood swings. But I guess my body is just getting used to it because it 's my first time trying birth control pills ever. Provided by Planned Parenthood
My 8 year old son has been on this mediation for 1 year and a half. He started at 20mg now he is taking 40mg. I have noticed that it does not seem to work and after trying for 9 months to get him off and on something else I am going to take him to a different doctor. Given the fact that after 9 months it is still not working another doctor would try something different but his Doctor just keeps upping the dosage. I have also noticed side effects that disturb. It worries me because my son is usually happy go lucky all the time and with this medicine he is VERY EASILY upset, not himself at all. SO PLEASE BE AWARE OF EVERYTHING YOUR CHILD DOES OR ACTS WHILE TAKING THIS MEDICATION.
It works in my depression, I feel more positive and happy but I had gastrointestinal problems ,and slurred speech people think I am drinking,also sluggish.I received a package from my doctor.Don 't know if this effects will go away but if not ,I won 't continue.
I was on June fe for a year and recently switched to a different brand of birth control. Overall, it did what it was supposed to do: prevented pregnancy. However, it gave me constant mood swings and anxiety. I had never dealt with these things before, so I knew that I could relate it to the pill. My periods became barely existent and I would skip periods almost every other month. It sounds like a dream, but it can get a little stressful when you rely on periods to prove that you are not pregnant. Overall, I had a decent experience, but I decided to try something else to try to get rid of the anxiety. Also: I was off of the pill for a month in between trying a different type and let me just say it was the happiest I 've been in a long time!
I just finished my second month of Gianvi and it will be my last. CONS: Constant bleeding, gained weight, horrible headaches, and mood swings that make me feel crazy. PRO: No pregnancy, on-time period, went from a B to a C cup, no change in skin.
My body rejected Mirena after a year, so my second option was Nexplanon. I loved that was inserted fast and without pain. No painful periods, just spotting every 2 or 3 months. The bad side: weight gain. This is driving me crazy! Since March 2015 I have gained almost 25 pounds!!!! I 'm 5 '1, I weighted 127 and was size 4. Now, October 2015, I weight 150 and I 'm size 10!!!! No matter how many diets or pills I tried, I keep gaining more weight. I love not having heavy period or worrying about getting pregnant, but this &quot;weight gaining&quot; is scaring me because seems non stop. Thinking about getting it remove, I think the perfect birth control doesn 't exist.
I have been on Beyaz for only 5 days. My doctor recommended it knowing that I am a smoker, but I 'm only 25.  I already had a tubal ligation so Beyaz is for hormones and acne.  I feel very nauseous and have severe migraines, loss of appetite extremely tired, also I have a nasty taste in my mouth that just won 't go away no matter how much I brush floss or mouthwash.  I 'm not sure if I could handle these side effects being a 2 and 3, working full time I have to have the most energy as possible. These side effects don 't help.
I 'm 18 y/o and I got the Implant inserted March 18, 2016 . I was afraid to get it mainly because I had seen so many women complain about long periods but I decided to try it out. The first month was okay, I got my period around the same time I usually did but this time instead of my usual 5 days, it was 9 days. That wasn 't too bad. But then May 12, 2016 I started bleeding and haven 't stopped! It is now June 8th, 2016 and I 'm still bleeding . I 'm going to get it taken out today and going on the pill . I do not recommend this birth control because a really long period is very annoying, it 's costly (because of extra tampons or pads) and interferes with my sex life . Hopefully I stop bleeding soon after removal.
I had the nexplanon inserted because the IUD literally fell out of me. Found it in my boyfriends bed. No idea how that happened and my Dr recommended this alternative. It did not hurt being put in and for thirteen months I felt at ease,  no period,  no side effects. It was great. Around the thirteen month mark,  I got my first period. It was heavy,  with all the terrible side effects. This went on for three months..  Non stop heavy bleeding,  I was hormonal,  angry,  in pain,  acne,  ten pound weight gain...it was terrible. My doctor put me on some estrogen pills and it worked but my breasts were extremely tender where it hurt to move. Finally after three months of this, it was removed. The bleeding stopped. I feel normal again!
I had the Mirena placed on June 28th 2011 and had it removed august 15th 2011. Here is my story. After 4 weeks of continual heavy bleeding I went in to see the doctor, he said hold it out it will go away soon. After 2 months of bleeding it FINALLY went away but I then began having major anxiety. All day my mind was running over what I had to do. I kept thinking about it over and over even if I had my day planned I just kept going over minor details. What really got me was my anger and agitation. It scared me. I had lost interest in my son and husband and my life. I had it removed and the next day I felt better. Anxiety and agitation gone. It 's not for everyone be aware of the side effects and monitor yourself.
Lyrica is great at taking away my pain due to fibromyalgia. However, the side effects from the medication and from detoxing are not worth it! I am 25 and  took Lyrica for at least 6 years. I experienced severe brain fog, difficulty breathing, cognitive difficulties n others while on this medication. I thought they were all due to my conditions, but after truly reflecting on my journey Lyrica surely hurt me more than it helped me. I have been off of the medication for about 3 weeks now. I did some research and learned that my detox period would be both difficult and long because 1, I took the medication for several years, I took a high dosage andi stopped the medicatiod cold turkey. It 's getting easier for sure. The creator on my side!
I was given this drug in 2009 in a effort to control AFib.  I was on it one month and it did nothing to help the AFib.  Following a cardiac ablation in 2015, I developed random, but frequent PAC (premature atrial contraction)/PVC (Premature ventricular complex)  activity.  My EP suggested the use of this drug to eliminate these events.  I have been on the drug for approximately 3 weeks, initially on 200MG 2 times per day.  Following about 10 days, and no improvement the dosage was increased to 400MG 2 times per day.  The events continue at about the same frequency and still random, however the intensity of the events seems to be lessened.
The medicine was wonderful up until 7 months after I stopped taking the medicines (6 month treatment).  The acne came back full blown after the seven months of being off the medication.  My dermatologist said we should not try the medicine again because the cystic acne must be hormonal.  No one told me prior too taking the medicine that if it were hormonal the medicines would not work.  
This was prescribed to me for anxiety and to help me sleep. It helped for a few days, but I would only get a good 4 hours before I would wake up and it did nothing for on set anxiety meaning I still couldn 't go out and do things. I just felt tired all of the time. When I would wake up after taking it, my nose, throat and chest would be so dry I would have to drink a gallon of water.I think this is what Doctor 's give you when they don 't trust giving you something that actually works.
I had two drastically different experiences with this BC. The first time was to regulate my periods because I was bleeding for 19 days a month for several months straight. Within 8-9 months, it did the job. Flash forward 4-5 years with very normal periods, and I got on Lolo for birth control. My normal periods went back to bleeding 19 days a month! I thought my body just needed to get used to it, but after 6 months, I had enough. It made me so moody that I cried nearly everyday. It was my husband who actually suggested I stop taking it because it was affecting our relationship so much. I 'm not sure how or why this experience was so different from the first, but it 's made me scared to try any kind of hormonal birth control again
I took this for undiagnosed non specific mixed connective tissue myalgia type issues and it made the roof of my mouth and teeth ache. I stopped and the ache went away. I restarted and the ache came back after a couple of days. Went like this back and forth and it was definitely the medicine. Also I started to feel worse while taking it. It could be that the weather is getting colder and that always makes me feel worse. but we decided I couldn 't tolerate an increase in dosage which was what would have been next on the treatment plan so we moved on to something else. Still searching.
DO NOT RECOMMEND!! Please do not get this implant in your arm! I got the Nexoplanon implanted in my arm on the 13th of June. On the next day when we went out to celebrate my brother 's birthday, I experienced very severe mood swings. There was no reason, and overall would have been a happy day if it wasn 't shooting hormones into my system very rapidly. The day after that the mood swings became more extreme, and was scaring my family a bit. I did get used to it and acted normal after a couple of weeks.This ain 't the big issue. Here it is: My period has not stopped.It is now July, and it won 't cut. Extremely irregular with amount as well. Spoke to a coworker, and found that she had a negative experience as well. Her period lasted a year.
I had a not-so-great experience. I used to take Miralax, but it caused me problems and I was taken off it. Within 2 days I was constipated again, and Dulcolax was prescribed. It was prescribed by my doctor, 2 pills were taken 6-8pm for 4 nights, as instructed. I suffered, to say the least. Horrible cramps that came and went, and the first time I had a BM I thought I was about to die. I was constantly within 15 feet of a bathroom and often got hungry (due to being emptied out, I suppose), but felt rather sick and couldn 't eat much. Whenever I ate, I often had to go a few hours afterwards, and the cramps persisted. Effective? Yes. Gentle? No way. It worked, but if you 're going to use it, clear out your schedule in case of side effects.
I switched from Junel Fe to Aviane because Junel made me break out. While my skin was flawless on Aviane for the 4 days I took it, I had severe mood swings. I would wake up angry and nauseous and cry almost three times a day for no reason at all. I had the same reaction to Plan B, and the progestin used in that is the same in Aviane. After 4 days on this medicine I switched back to Junel, and I 've been happy ever since! Lesson: don 't switch birth control if acne is your only complaint. Stay with the medicine you have the least amount of side effects with.
Have taken 10mg Topamax for 4 months, I thought I had found a preventative but after 3 months my hair was shedding more then usual. Thought I was stressed out and overwhelmed with small kiddos and hubby deployed, my dermatologist didn 't see anything very serious, like alopecia, so I continued. I began taking biotin and vitamins, but hair still kept coming out and scalp was starting to show more. I stopped completely and only lasted 4 days before a migraine wanted to come on. Luckily I took a rizatriptan in time to fight it off. Topamax worked beside the side effects of hair loss, forgetfulness, some leg cramps. Has anyone had any luck with another migraine preventative?
I took this drug for approximately 5 days. I experienced headache, nauseousiness, diarrhea, dizziness,  EXTREME fatigue, insomnia. Stopped taking it so wasted $80
I stopped taking effexor after being on it for five years. Worked great but it was keeping me up at night, had to skip a dose to have a decent sleep. So I reduced to the lowest dosage before completely going off with the help of my doctor, in the hopes I didn 't need anti depressants anymore. Was ok for a few weeks and boom, super depressed, suicidal, the works. So I was prescribed wellbutrin and mirtazepine for sleep. The wellbutrin worked right away and mirtazepine was great for sleep. But it only worked well for a few months. Started redeveloping social anxiety, panic attacks, fits of rage, suicidal thoughts and all that fun stuff. I went to a new doctor and he basically told me that wellbutrin isn 't good for anxiety lol. Good to know!
I 'm 56 with dry eyes since my 20s. Eyes always red like I 've been crying. Been using moisture drops for 30 years. Had a reaction to the preservative in the drops, switched to preservative free Retain, only at Walgreens, $23 for 30 vials. Helpful, not a cure, used them 6 to 8 times/day. When waking, eyes were always painfully dry. Tried EVERYTHING.Last month I started on Xiidra. Helps a little, when I wake I actually make a bit of tears. Eyes are still very red and irritated. Taste no problem, burns/itches a few minutes after applying, but goes away. Still use moisture drops but not as often. Retail $585/mon, but Xiidra coupon for 1st mon free and $10/mon for as long as I use them. Wouldn 't use if had to pay full.
Two years on depo... I have been combatting depression, fatigue, and vaginal dryness since my third shot hoping that I could overcome them or being in denial that is was from the shot, but it 's definitely a side effect of the birth control. Though the shot is convenient, with no periods and strong hair and nails, I totally feel like I 've been through menopause and am an old lady with NO sex drive. Switching to the patch in December, wish me luck.
I have Achilles tendonitis and this does not relieve the pain too much.
I 'm a Black woman who has mild acne (closed comedones on forehead and cheekbones), oily/combo skin, prone to post-inflammatory hyperpigmentation. I began using Biacna (equivalent to Ziana) regularly in November or December of 2016, once a day at night, making sure to apply at least SPF 40 every morning. It is now May of 2017, 5 months later, and my mild acne has spread all over my face - my forehead, all of my cheeks, and my chin are regularly covered in tiny bumps, and when those resolve, they are replaced with more tiny bumps. I think it is safe to say that this product is not working for me, since my acne has only gotten steadily worse over time, with no improvement. I will use this product for one more month.
I got upper respiratory infection that did not get better until I got off of Januvia.
I got nexplanon about 8 months ago and I have been constantly bleeding the whole time. I guess you can consider it effective birth control since I haven 't had much sex in theses past 8 months due to the consistent bleeding. There are 1-3 days were there might not be any bleeding but then it is followed by weeks of constant spotting. I also noticed that sex became a bit painful after a few months of being on nexplanon. I am only 92lbs so my small size may be the reason my body is reacting to it in this way but i honestly wouldnt reccomend this form of birth control.
I feel like it makes my symptoms worse. I get this cold, tingling feeling in my throat and it feels like someone 's sitting on my back. I 've been on it for a few years. If anything, it makes me need to use my inhaler more
I have been on BC for about 4 years now, generally the same pill just different generic names ( I move a lot ) Sowhen I last moved and got a new doctor she recommended taytulla, it was new and she told me I was on an &ldquo;older version&rdquo; of birth control and this one was great only a few days of light periods etc. well, first month, no side effects but my period was about 2/3 days. Second month my period was like 1 maybe 2 days, super light. 3rd month I didn&rsquo;t even get my period, I have never skipped a period before I didn&rsquo;t miss a pill and I was freaking out. I took 2 pregnancy tests both negative, I called my doctor she said it was normal and this pill &ldquo;does that&rdquo;, so I&rsquo;m switching back b/c I don&rsquo;t feel like buying a test every month.
I took this medicine for a bladder infection and took it for the full five days prescribed. The first day I felt immediate relief and reduced discomfort of about 50%. However with each day that followed my relief did not increase and within 12 hours of completing perscription my symptoms were back by 90%. So either the dose wasn 't strong enough (100mg) or the prescription wasn 't long enough. No way of knowing if either or both of these conditions were changed I would have experienced more success with this particular antibiotic.
I finished my 21 month Forteo injection program 6 months ago. I was disappointed to learn of only a 10% to 14% improvement in my bones.  I was not told so but I believed I would see at least at 50% improvement.  
So I recently developed cystic acne, presumably because of my change in make-up foundation. This has never happened and it looks really bad, because it 's mostly on my cheeks and the sides of my mouth, it 's HIDEOUS. I went to my GP and got doxy (50mg) and an Epiduo gel. The gel was burning my skin and it also made my face VERY dry and super sensitive, so I stopped it. I 'm still on the doxy and I 'm eating it twice a day, for almost a week now... My skin is still super dry and it looks so bad... My acne has toned down, however.. stopped with the redness and also lesser &quot;active&quot; acne. The only problem now is that my skin is very dry and it 's very sensitive (even when i put on moisturiser it hurts)
Diagnosed October 2016  stage 4 metastatic prostate cancer  2-8s 1-9 gleason....perineal invasion.....ductal variant hystoligy. It is rare, very aggressive with bone mets pelvis , rib and possible knee just waiting results from MRI. I 'm having 3rd shot (22.5mg) of this nasty stuff.  I work in  construction so muscles important and this gives a noticeable reduction, with hot sweats - when its 98 percent  humidity I pour sweat and have muscle aches.  My memory is stuffed up .....and everyone is right drs just don 't even want to hear about your side effects.  And sex for get about it.But my PSA is .07.  I want to take a break but doc says with my aggressive type ....no way.  I 'm just buying time, we all have a expiration date.........enjoy life........boywonder
I have been on Tri Sprintec for about a year now. The only positive side effects of this pill is that I have almost no acne now, and my breasts have grown a lot but I have gained 20 pounds within the last year, and I 'm wondering if it has anything to do with this pill. I have a lot more mood swings and am usually depressed and feel terrible about myself. 
I 've had the nexplanon since 2012, the first round was amazing, no period no side effects what so ever, my second round on the other hand has been pretty bad, I 've had the second round about a year now and a couple months after I got a period and was getting it about twice a month, finally I went to my Gyno and he prescribed me progesterone pills a series of 14 and it stopped finally.. then started back up every other week again, I felt like I was going crazy my mood swings and anxiety were on another lever so finally I got blood work at the endocrinologist Bc I thought some thing was seriously wrong with me. Then I went on this website and saw a lot of similar stories about the nexplanon so I have an appointment in the am to get it removed!
Went from 90mg of cymbalta abruptly to 40mg viibryd. Went into cote bipolar.manic episode. So far this medication isn 't feelING like it 's doing anything for my but giving my diarrhea and making me starve and stuff my face with everything. Im already fat  so this isn 't good. I have brain fog, depression and anger. I 'd say it 's not working
Didn 't seem to lower my heart rate very much, except when I tried to walk around in physical therapy class.  Then it caused a severe drop in my heart rate, from about 95 in the relaxed sitting position, to below the 50s when I walked a few yards.  Bradycardia is a documented side effect, and unfortunately one I suffered from.  Also had lots of goosebumps, tingling scalp, chills and flushing throughout the day.  I 'm not totally knocking it, because I know it works for some POTS patients, but it wasn 't the medicine for me.
I started birth control about a month ago for bad cramps and to regulate my period. I never really had bad acne before, but I 've been on Beyaz for a month now and my acne is bad. I have at least 4 large pimples on my face at all times, which I 'm not used to. I don 't know if I should stick it out and see if it gets better or if I should switch to a different birth control. Other than the acne, Beyaz is really helping with my periods. They last 3 days at the most and little to no cramps at all.
I am so glad I checked this out, I have had this IUD for 9 months. I cannot complain about the periods as they have almost completely stopped except for occasional spotting but I could not figure out why I am gaining weight and having breakouts when I never have them and have been working out/eating right since the births. I think I am having this thing changed out for a non-hormonal releasing IUD since I have had cramping, slight depression, weight gain and acne since it has been placed and no other symptoms before that.
I am a 29 year old female and have had acne since my early teen years.I have been using tretinoin 0.05 % cream for 6 weeks now and my skin has only gotten worse.  I have way more blackheads in places I never had before, my skin gets disgustingly oily but is peeling all at the same time, and I am developing more cysts than I have ever had. I am more self-conscious of my skin now than I have ever been in the past. I see my dermatologist 2 weeks and am hoping there 's another option.
I have been using these patches for over 2 yrs with good success. My only problem is getting the backing off the patches. The plastic will not release easily resulting in torn and stretches patches. I cannot get a spare as this is a prescription. I get only 4 a month so I cannot keep dealing with this problem. I had no problem with this using combo patch. It was just more expensive.
I have been taking cryselle for about 2-3 weeks now. It is much better than my previous birth control brand (Tri-Estarylla). My previous birth control caused weight gain, had horrible mental side effects, and caused various other problems. Using cryselle has eliminated all of these problems for me. I can 't say I love it just yet, but it is definitely better. My main issue/concern is the spotting. I 'll wake up in the morning and it 'll look like I just came on my period. This pill also moved my cycle up.  I 'm used to having periods starting around the middle of the month, but this first month using the pill, it came on the 1st. I 'll speak to my doctor about it, but I 'm pretty content so far with this birth control.
I was having severe Gerd and m.d. prescribed Dexilant.  Two weeks no heartburn or nausea but the side effects are horrid.   Orange firey diarrhea and the worst yeast infection ever.  I did have severe upper back pain too.  I quit taking it but it hurts to even sit down right now.  Not worth side effects and cost 68 after insurance.
Week 1 great, week 2 very constipated. Went back to Dr and took magnesium  citrate to clean out. Week 3 had to clean out again after 3 days. Week 4 today backed  up again. Took 2 pills feel better. Ahh. See how long this lasts.
I 've been on Doxycycline for about two months to help clear my mild acne. I have to say after being on it for 2 months, I 've only noticed a small improvement. My skin doesn 't get as oily as it used to and I haven 't been having any massive break outs but I still get a lot of scattered spots.
I took Nexium for all of three days. In that time I found it to be extremely effective in managing my reflux/stomach symptoms. However, within a day I noticed severe anxiety surfacing. I take Aropax (paroxetine) for depression and this is not on the list of medications that is counterindicative. I do note that being magnesium deficient is but my doctor would not care enough to know that I have always had this deficiency. I do not normally  suffer from headaches but began to have gentle pains in my head, getting worse over the time. The head pain and anxiety lasted as long as the effect on my stomach which was a number of days after I stopped taking the medication.
Horrible headache and stomach ache. Had to discontinue.
Negative experience compared to other manufacturers of same strength. Pain is not forced away enough to get the desperate relief I really need.
Almost done my first pack of Alesse. This is the first birth control that I 've been on and the experience hasn 't been too great. I had extreme nausea the first three days, extreme anxiety for three days after that, and painful breasts that followed and have not stopped. My breasts have also grown a bit (but that 's more of a good thing). I 'm hoping that the side effects will eventually go away but so far it has been a negative experience. I 'm scared to switch to other pills in fear of the symptoms being worse.
Built up a tolerance to it very quickly and made me itch like crazy.
Velivet worked well as birth control, but made me really nervous and emotional all the time. I would get upset and/or cry over anything. 
I 've been using this product for 5 weeks now. Before this, I have mild acne on the forehead and cheeks. I went to dermatologist and the specialist prescribed me this product to apply on my entire face every night for 2 months. And after 1 week using this adapalene cream, my acne gets worse and worse. Pimples keep popping out everywhere on my face even on areas that have never had pimples before. I am still using it because it does says on the brochure that the product 's effect may be seen after 8 weeks. I 'm using Aiken Tea Tree Oil for my pimples so that they will  'shrink ' and heal quickly. So for the time being, I 'm just gonna bear with all the acne on my face and wait for miracles of Differin Adapalene cream to work.
I started trulicity three weeks ago never felt so sick in my life feel worse when I have my injection which is a Saturday my son gets married soon on a Saturday so I 'm really worried cos I know I 'm going to feel awful.  I have not lost any weight yet ...
Gained 8 pounds in two months, wearing a splint for my left wrist due to extreme tendon/muscle pain, can 't lift anything. Also noticed that I can 't lift any of the weights that I used to be able to at gym as my upper body isn 't as strong as it used to be. Had blood work yesterday so I don 't know if it lowered my cholesterol (300 range) but Dr. is taking me off (5mg) it for a month.
When it gets to the point that when you go to sit on the toilet you almost miss it and then almost fall off of it for being dizzy, it is time to stop.  After coming here I know why now.  i switched myself back to coreg just now (had some left) and will call the doctor Mon AM
I was taking Hydromet for pneumonia. It seemed to work quite well the first night, as I took it right before bed and I slept very well. However, I found that while taking it during the day, I got extremely nauseous and continuously threw up until an anti-nausea prescription finally came through. I usually do fine taking pill forms of codeine, such as vicodin etc, but find that in taking this during the day, it causes such dizziness that you feel like you 're on a horrible theme park ride. Do not recommend if you are susceptible to vomiting from being too dizzy; seems to work for others though.
I 've been on doxy for sometime now Atleast 3 months+, I had a horrible experience with the drug at the start, I saw no improvements for about a month then my skin just increasingly got worse, it was extremely painful and it was mostly all down the sides of my face from ear to lips. It played a lot with my mental state because I wasn 't sure if it was the breakout before it got better or my skin was just going crazy and this was just my life now.It took over a month for the breakouts to calm down and now I 've been left with scarring that looks terrible. I 've got quite pale skin so it is very noticeable. So at this point even though my skin has had slight improvements I don 't think this was the right path for me.
I 'm only on the first week and I 'm moody, and feel down a lot. I don 't like it because I took birth control before and I 've never felt mild depression like this before and moody. I 'm also having cravings for sweets everyday, which is very unusual.
All was well for the first year and half. Then, it seems, my hormones got way out of wack due to the synthetic hormones being released by the implanon. I now have excess androgens and not enough progesterone. I gained 20 lbs (on a naturally thin, 5 '4&quot; frame) and, even worse, cystic acne (on formerly clear, normal skin)! I had implanon in for a total of 26 months. I 've recently made the switch to a copper IUD and my hormones have not yet balanced out. I 'm giving this a 4/10 because I didn 't get pregnant and I didn 't have side effects for the first year or so.
Pros:breasts got bigger (they 're AA normally, so this was a big plus!), it worked (I didn 't get pregnant), light periods, can skip periods by taking continuously.Cons:much more acne, dramatic mood swings (crying uncontrollably for no reason), nausea, weight gainI only stayed on Mircette for three months due to the dramatic increase in side effects compared to Ortho-Tri-cyclen (which I 'd been on for three years at that point)--especially crying easily and acne. I get mood changes with any birth control pill, but it was by far the worst on Mircette. Every other pill I 've tried improves my acne, but Mircette made it worse. I did like the breast enlargement, but that wasn 't worth being totally crazy with an acne-covered face!
Wk 1 has gone ok til yesterday 6/25/15 .  Had terrible nausea and discovered it 's a side effect.  Felt so bad I couldn 't bring my self to take #2 last night.  Tonight I 'll try pill 2.  Humm.  Didn 't see you should take it with food.  I need to lose 75 Lbs.   68 yr old, type 2 diabetic, high bp, glaucoma.  Night snacking is my worst and Big appetite.  Busy hands....less eating.
Today, February 16th, 2017 I got my nexplanon removed. I was so relieved leaving my doctors office. I got my nexplanon put in in mid May 2016. I was so excited to no longer have to rememeber to take a pill every day. In the 9 months I was on nexplanon I gained 70lbs. I 'm disgusted by my appearance. I 've had crazy mood swings and a lot more anger/aggression. I 've also had horrible acne all over my face, chest and upper arms. My acne has never been this bad. And I 've literally had zero sex drive the past 9 months. I feel bad for my boyfriend. Only positive thing what that I haven 't had my period at all and no spotting either. Sunday I go back to the pill and can not wait!
Moved from levemir to basaglar as my insurance &quot;Discovery Medical Aid&quot; won 't cover levemir. Been using basaglar for about 3 weeks now. It 's been horrible so far. It appears to peak after 10 hours so that made it unpredictable given how they say it should work. I halved the dose to counter the hypo 's but now sugars are higher than usual any other time. I feel out of focus and dizzy.  My chest feels &quot;fluish&quot;.  I am considering going back to levemir and paying the large copayment.
Effectiveness decreases after a certain amount of time of usage.
Not sure if I 'm pregnant yet or not, but what I do know for sure is that the day after I took plan b I felt nauseous, feverish, and I had extreme body pains. It has now been 3 days since I 've taken plan b &amp; my symptoms only seem to be getting worse.
I have been taking this medicine for a week and I am still coughing.  I am finally getting some sleep but is still waking up with coughing fits.  I have not had any side effects but I can 't say this medicine works.
Past experience taking medicines that did work (Celexa, Wellbutrin), 1-2 years later they seemed to stop working (weepy, sad, never wanted to get out of bed, no desire to do anything, flash backs of a traumatic event, constantly dwelling on negative past experiences, etc.). 10mg Brintellix prescribed (1/10/14) while weaning off Wellbutrin. Not so weepy, but was still sad, had no motivation to get out of bed or do anything. Increase to 20 mg (1/28/14), felt like I was going &quot;downhill&quot; fast: even sadder and weepier, etc. Told it may have been too much at once, so was told to take 1/2 dose one day, full dose the next (2/15/14). Still not feeling as well as I thought I should. Increase to 20 mg Blood Pressure went up from 110/68 to 124/72.
Medication works great for nasal congestion. Now, trying to take off the lid is a different story, I almost returned it. After 3 mins a fellow coworker finally got the lid off. I understand child proofing but, this is ridiculous!!
I thought I needed an antidepressant, so I tried a couple. Paxil for me had terrible side effects. I felt like I was on speed.  Had to eat every two hours. I could not go anywhere; always had to have snacks with me and I lost weight even with the calorie increase.  Insomnia was the worst.  I could not even take 10 mg.  I tried the medication for about 7 weeks and decided it was not for me and began a weaning off process.  Reduced to 5 mg for 1 week, this was the hardest and caused the most side effects which included vertigo, nausea and insomnia which lasted about 2 days.  Then I reduced to 2.5 mg for another week and a half.  Stopped taking it completely after this and did fine with no side effects.
So I 've had the implant since June 2015 and I haven 't stopped bleeding it 's so annoying the reason I got it was so I wouldn 't worry about getting a period every month but I 've been on my period since I got it ! idk whether to leave it or just take it off .
If I had to base my rating on migraine prevention alone I would have to rate it a 10. My migraines were pretty much none existent while on Topamax. HOWEVER, I had extreme side effects: taste change, extreme mood &amp; behavior change, tingling fingers/toes/lips, dizziness, vomiting, and increased eye pressure. I had to be taken off of it and put on Elavil. Like I said, as far as the migraine prevention it was perfect but it came with a price that my doctor and I thought was not worth it.
Dr prescribed this medicine with lots of confidence, and my A1c was 8.8. Sugar levels dropped, but I had a horrible time taking it. Within the 3 weeks that I took it, I had woken up at least 5 times in the middle of the night with severe acidity and nausea, with constipation. Felt like I would die. Had to ask the doctor to stop it.
Yes, it lowered my blood pressure.  I had, and still do, a persistent lingering dry cough, which led to many visits to the doctor 's office: spirometry, chest xray, antibiotics, and more, to rule out any other reason for the cough.  And I did hear from one of my co-workers later that her father had a similar experience, cough after taking Diovan.  
Extreme withdrawal symptoms.  Chills, runny nose, cramps, pain, nausea, shakes, felt terrible. It worked well for first two days for a bowel movement but than stopped working as well.  The bad side effects continued all the time I was on the drug (2 months ). My pain Dr. was surprised at my reaction to the drug as most of her patients handle it well.  Insurance (UH) refused to pay for it after 2 months.  My cost was going to be around 400 a month not worth it for me.
I 've been on Aviane for about 4 weeks. I 'm on my 4th week 4th pill and I have noticed my moods have been horrible. I 'm mad, angry, happy all at once. Also my period usually only lasts 4 days but now that I 'm on the pill I 'm on my 6th day and it doesn 't seem like its slowing down. I hope next month is a lot better.
I 've been on Levora for over a year. I have always weighed in at 100 pounds but after two months on Levora I gained 20 pounds and have stayed that way since. For the past 6 months I have been eating better and exercising better than I have in years with no change in the weight. I have also noticed my hair thinning out. I had no moodiness or problems with my period. I am switching to Aviane, so hopefully that goes well.
I began taking Saphris for the purpose of helping me sleep.  I took it &quot;as needed&quot; as originally instructed.  At first, it seemed to help me fall asleep and shut off the constant whirl of my brain at night.  When I began taking it nightly and increasing my dosage, as instructed, to 10 mg rather than 5 mg, (I was instructed to take it all at once), I began to get a very itchy and painful rash.  One patch is very red and inflamed and about the size of a silver dollar.  I also began to notice that the noise in my brain at night worsened to a hypomanic state.  I have insomnia now, instead of sleeping well as I was when first taking it.  I 've also had migraines.  I don 't know if this is all connected to Saphris.
I experienced Bladder Pain with Requip. I had a constant frequent urge to urinate. This is not the most common side effect of this medicine; it is listed as &quot;Less Common.&quot; But after taking this I did have lasting bladder pain that did not go away after I stopped taking Requip.
Seems to work for everyone but me.  Quality of life was seriously affected by the on-going dizziness from this product (20mg). Elevators left me weak-kneed and staggering at work. Daily descending stairs also a vertigo nightmare. Blood pressure can easily go into 214/105s in emergencies, so I would like to find something to reduce those numbers, without the extreme dizziness. I work in a psychiatric setting, so I have to be alert and to move quickly without falling on my face. I didn 't notice any appreciable drop in blood pressure either, with numbers still in the 170s most of the time.
This is my 2nd time having to take this in a  17 month time span. The first time was because my fiance took the condom off without me knowing (I know, I know...). I took it within 10 hours but I happened to be ovulating. When my period was over a week late and I started getting very nauseous, I took a pregnancy test and found out I was 3 weeks pregnant 
Remicade just isn 't working for me or not yet.  When I did my 1 and 2 infusions I could tell a difference.  I had my 3 on and  have to wait 8 weeks.  After 3 weeks I had a flare up and I am in week 6 and I still feel awful.  Maybe I need them more frequently or a higher dose.  I am feeling  so darn frustrated.  I was hoping for a miracle drug to make me feel better and so far it 's not.  I read how it helps everyone but I want that for me too!  Can 't wait to see my dr so we can get  ask up and the pain
I find this Medication very difficult to rate due to the fact that Effectiveness is not able to be judged until you have established a therapeutic level which can ultimately take as long as a week or so!I am not sure if I am being titrated properly or not. I suffer with an extremely severe case of Rheumatoid Arthritis and with that said anyone who shares the same diagnosis will agree that &quot;No Medication no matter in what amount can bring you even 75% relief ' '. I am taking 1 10mg. Opana ER 3 times a day! It is my understanding that 2 per day is the normal dosage however through a mixup at an appointment with my Pain Mgmt. Clinic I saw a different Practicioner and she messed up my original regiment of 2 30mg. I am on the fence w/this Drug!
I have had horrible acne since taking this birth control.  All over my body acne.  I didn 't realize it could be the birth control until I read a bunch of other reviews on it.  My boobs hurt all the time!!  No sex drive what so ever! I don 't even want my husband to touch me because my boobs hurt so bad.  Needless to say, I sympathize with some of the other reviewers on this birth control.  I will be talking to my doctor to switch to something else.  The only good part about it, is not getting my period for 3 months.
I took Topamax for 12 years as a mood stabilizer for Bipolar 1 disorder. It is a GREAT mood stabilizer and I used to be quite heavy and I lost 100 pounds in around 6 months (yes you read that right!). The bad part was HORRIBLE side effects. Constant itching in the summer. I developed a 9mm kidney stone when I had no prior history. I developed a blood disorder (something acidosis, was told this was a rare side effect, but that was why I stopped taking it. However, if I could go back in time would I still take it? You bet! One of the best mood stabilizers I 've ever been on. Just make sure you EAT when taking it, it makes you not want to eat.
Well I haven 't gotten pregnant, so I guess it 's probably doing what it should. But since being on the drug, I have restless nights where I wake up constantly feeling naesous. Sometimes it 'll be at 4 AM and then I just can 't get back to sleep after it. As for my acne, it seemed to clear up a bit at first but right around the time my period is starting, it gets horrible again. I don 't like it at all.
I have really good insurance so the cost was not a problem. I 've been on this pill for 4 1/2 months and for the first three months everything was fine besides the bleeding and breast tenderness, I started months 4 everything was perfect! Halfway through week 5 I experienced awful cramping, bloating, constipation, and headaches, hopefully they will go away!  As long as I can get rid of that it would be a great pill due to the fact I 'm anemic and it helps to not have a period but 4 times a year!
I got the implant in November of 2014. The first few months were fine, period was lighter and not as often, but now almost a year later I have gained a bunch of weight, I have started to have horrible breakouts on my face, neck, and back, my cramps are horrible and i have probably had two weeks off of bleeding since the start of July (it 's now September) I 'm going to talk to my doctor but my man and I are over this implant. I want it gone and don 't think I would recommend it.
At 21 years old I decided to get Skyla. I can 't be on the pill because of a clotting disorder, so my options are limited. A few months after having the IUD inserted, it came out! My OB/Gyn insisted it was very rare. I had another one put in and I 've had it for probably about 6 months now. I 've been having dizzy/fainting spells, headaches, back pain, sore breasts, bad acne, plus many UTI 's since then. I even went to the hospital to have tests done for my fainting spells, but the tests were inconclusive, but I believe it is because of the IUD. It 's unfortunate that I 've been having so many side effects, because I loved not having to even think about it. I think I 'm going to get it removed, because the side effects are becoming too much for me
I was on this birth control for roughly 2 years and after hoping it would get better, I decided to try a new pill. It made me very irritated out of nowhere sometimes, would make me very emotional around my MS and made me have absolutely NO sex drive. When I did have sex, it was extremely painful and unpleasant(it was not like this at all before).  I also started having face/back acne right after starting the pill. The only reason I give it a 3/10 is because of 2 years of use, it prevented pregnancy and I had very light periods.
I 've now had 2 depo shots. About 4 weeks into my second shot and I 've been bleeding now for 14 days. It 's weak but just isn 't stopping. It 's not painful but more annoying than anything. Experiencing ongoing mood swings and gained 5kg in first 2months with no other change to diet/exercise. Unsure if I need to keep taking the shot to let my body adjust or to stop now. Have read stories of getting pregnant later can be much harder after depo too. Lots of uncertainty, wish I had researched more before starting and perhaps tried the iud first.
I had gotten diagnosed with PCOS haven 't gotten a period in 6 months so, she thought that this can help regulate my cycle so, my provider decided to prescribe this BC to me and after taking it for a week and a half I have experienced breast tenderness, sore nipples and my breasts did grow a cup size. But I also experienced mild cramping like if I 'm getting my period and headaches, nausea and no appetite.  I would not think about taking this BC again cause I am starting to feel its not for me .. its works for some females not all ..
I am 14 and I have been diagnosed with arthritis. Enbrel helped me for about a month or so but recently I have started feeling the pain again. I cannot get out of bed in the morning anymore. When I take the injections it hurts really bad. 
I was originally on The Depo shot and I was on my period for the last 3 months I was on depo. I stopped depo for a month so I could switch to Nexplanon but that didn 't mean my period stopped. I had heard great reviews from a coworker I really trust so I decided to give it a try. I 've had my Nexplanon since June... And been on my period ever since! I thought it would be a good change for me so I could reverse what the depo did but my period has been on full blast ever since... I know everyone 's body is different but my experience has made me not want to recommend Nexplanon to anyone.
I 've been on this medicine almost a month. In the beginning the side effects were absolutely horrible! I couldn 't sleep at night and I could barely hold my head up during the day. My head was foggy and I had trouble finding the words I needed sometimes. I felt like I had the Flu without the runny/stuffy nose. It also causes constipation. I had read several reviews and saw a couple comments about how the side effects would die down after a few weeks. I was determined to push through Now my head isn 't  as foggy. I 'm no where near as tired during the day. I take one melatonin gummy at night just to be sure I get a good nights rest. The constipation hasn 't went away but I am only eating half of what I was.
I have been on Apri since December 2008 when my daughter was 6 weeks old.  At 1st I loved this pill.  My periods came on time, weren 't painful at all, really light and lasted 2-3 days.  In the last year or so, my period has become very heavy, lasting 4-5 days with cramping for at least 4 days. I am miserable! After I had my daughter I had lost 50 lbs, but I have gained that and probably plus some back. I have NO sex drive what so ever, which is affecting my relationship with my almost husband (in 5 weeks!) I go to my Doctor next week to see about switching to a non hormonal IUD.  I have seen successful stories with Apri, but I don 't think this pill is for everyone.
I was on invokana, 300 mg, for about 2 years.  At first, made me sick,minor weight loss, then improved.  My a1c gradually went down. Lowest I got to was 6.9, with constant yeast infection.  Unfortunately, in March 2015 had a mild heart attack and had to have 2 stents in one artery.  My cardiologist was was extremely surprised, as on the onset of invokana, arteries were clear and  wished he had mine... after invokana when heart attack happened, said hard to believe, what happened, as artery should have never have clogged the way it did in 2 years. I blame all on invokana, but hard to prove.  Never took again. Needless to say blood sugars dropped after, and have just started to go up now. dr put me on jardiance, haven 't started yet will try to do on my own 
I 've had the nexplanon since early October 2014, so it 's been well over a year. As birth control, it is effective - but you have to be willing to put up with the side effects. The first thing I noticed was the acne. I 've never had perfect skin, but my acne has never been out of control before. And I 've never had acne on my chest or shoulders before, either. The mood swings are absolutely awful. Most of the time it 's unnoticeable, but then I 'll have a week where I feel like I 'm 13 and experiencing adolescence all over again! My periods are twice as heavy and twice and long as they are naturally. I heard such great things about the Nexplanon, so I thought it would work for me, too, since my doctor was strongly against me getting an IUD.
So my experience with this was not very good. I had it in for maybe 6 months and I was on my period the entire time, which was the most annoying thing ever. Also, it started messing with my emotions. I got really depressed, my anxiety increased, and it just made my personality change. Other than that, it will prevent pregnancy so thats a plus. When I went to my doctor to get it taken out she said the dosage was too high for me. Everyone should try it at least once because everyone 's bodies are different so maybe it would workout for others
It 's just silence in my head, its hard to think. I don 't have schizophrenia. I just can 't really think clearly. All night I stayed up dizzy and nauseous but I 'm gonna continue the medicine in hopes that it loosens up and keeps me mellow headed. After the initial nausea I felt pretty chill. (If it gets better I will keep you guys updated.)
I 've just recently started taking this pill, it 's month two and it 's horrible for me I 've started having stomach pains, constipation, some sadness and  most annoying enlarged and tender Breast with extreme heartburn! I have never experienced heartburn with a birth control pill I already suffer from stomach issues and don 't need this pill to add to my suffering! Has anyone experienced any of this with just starting month 2?
I 've just finished these and felt a bit strange and dizzy. Was glad the 7 days were over!  However 3 days now since I finished them and today I am feeling awful terrible diarrhea and sickness, so it doesn 't necessarily finish when you stop then.  You still shouldn 't drink alcohol for at least 2 days after stopping them!
I have been on Buspar for about 2 months now for anxiety from keppra. It seems to work sometime but when I get an anxiety or panic attack it hits hard. I was on 5mg twice a day and now my dose is really high. Like today it seems to have no effect. And I 'm always lightheaded dizzy fogged out feeling. And my other doctor said to try Xanax.
Limited improvement after 6 months, developed bad rash and MD refused to continue medication.
I have been using Advare for 10  years &amp; my doctor decided to switch me up. I have been feeling weak, having headaches, dizzy &amp; like my vision is not tracking with my eyes. Also I have been EXTREMELY sensitive to light ever since I started taking this. Called my Dr today &amp; begged them to put me back on Advare.
I was put on Nexplanon in September after having my son in July. I had heard you either love or hate it but I figured I would be fine on it because I never had side effects on other medicines. Boy, was I wrong. My anxiety heightened, my depression worsened, I got terrible acne, I got awful migraines and I bled nonstop for two months. I was also tired and had no energy. I didn 't even feel like myself anymore. After having it for four months, I got it removed. My OB said that basically the Nexplanon implant was causing my body to think it was going through menopause. I guess that 's the price I had to pay for the convenience of not having to remember to take a pill daily.
I got the birth control Implanon about one month ago. The first three weeks were great, no side effects but now it is time for my regular period and all I have done was spot for 8 days. It 's like my period wants to start but all I do is spot. I am okay with that but I am afraid that it is not going to stop after reading these reviews. I certainly do not want a 2 week period. I also have cramping, nausea and dizziness. I also get hungry more often. I considered having it taken out but I really want to wait a few more months and see what it does. I love the fact of not using condoms and I have a very light period. 
I haven 't seen anyone else discuss this, but Latuda gave me A LOT of anxiety.  Within 2 hours after taking the medication I would be in full freak out mode.  Also, my lower legs felt tingly.  These issues tended to last anywhere from 2-7 hours after I took it (at 4pm).  I gave it a 3 because I think it was otherwise working for what I 'd hoped. My irritability disappeared completely.  However, because of the side-effects I 'm off and looking for something else. (I also take lithium and Lamictal).
I had been taking this BC for about three months. I always bled before the fourth week. Each month bleeding earlier than the month before. Didn 't gain weight. Did not break out as bad as the first BC I was previously on (Sprintec). Then out of no where, MOOD SWINGS. &amp; when I say mood swings, I 'm talking a full 180. One minute things would be fine, then the next, I 'm crying &amp; ready to cut off the head the person closest to me. Today I started Xulane. I 'm hoping that this will not make me gain weight, break out, or cramp like a lot of the reviews have stated. Hopefully no more mood swings! best part about these pills, I DID NOT GET PREGNANT.
Used Fleet for bowel prep before a sigmoidoscopy. It was extremely painful, made me sick to my stomach for hours, the chills and shakes, increased heart rate, cramping even after I emptied my bowels. 
I started Aviane 2 months ago. My 1st month in my third week, I started cramping. I started spotting the day before my placebo pill, which was followed by extremely agonizing pain in my stomach &amp; pelvic. Nothing helped take the pain away (heating pad, Pamprin, Percocet, peppermint tea, hot bath, stretching, etc.). For 3 days I had spotting, and then it was like the flood gates opened on the 4th day. Every hour I was changing a super tampon &amp; pad because the bleeding was that bad, still with the horrible pain. My period this month is now doing the same thing with the horrible pain. My doctor is switching my pills so hopefully I don 't experience this pain again. Its truly the worst pain I have ever felt in my life!
When I began Nexplanon in Oct. 2015, I was 10 months into breastfeeding my daughter (my second child). Nexplanon was the best fit for my busy life.  I had absolutely NO problems with it while I was breastfeeding. No acne, no bleeding, no weight gain, no mood swings, no pregnancy scares..PERFECT! That is until I weaned my daughter April 2016. As I dried up, I had INTENSE uterine pain for 2-3 week . I have continually bled since I weaned her. I have the worst mood swings, acne, tiredness and lack of sex drive. I wouldn 't recommend this to ANYONE who isn 't breastfeeding! My relationship has suffered greatly and my emotional instability has made parenting a challenge with two toddlers! Getting Nexplanon removed this week and never looking back!
Helped with RA  It has affected my vision immensely.  So much, that I stopped taking it.
Bleeding heavy after having coil fitted, stopped bleading straight away after  taking first 2 tablets but second day taking tablets got severe itching on neck and chest bit scared to take anymore now
I was put on metformin in April 2011 when I was diagnosed with diabetes.  First I was taking 2 x 500mg once a day with evening meal.  Now (December 2011) I am taking 4 x 500mg twice daily. The main side effect has been horrible diarrhea throughout!  So I am regularly taking Imodium to cope with it.  My A1C has gone down 1%.  So for me it is a toss up, yes blood sugar has gone down but now I have to take diarrhea medicine plus use diaper rash ointment. I would like to try something else so my butt could heal!
Medication starting making my joints feeling better, but after a month of taking it, I developed migraine headaches that would come one about an hour after taking medication. Had to stop due to the severity of the headaches.
I have been on this for about a month now. I 'm just so sleepy all the time. I can 't snap out of it and even on the lowest dosage (40mg at night) I can 't kick it. I feel like I 'm a different person, not in a good way. I 'm going to call my doctor and tell her that I discontinued it on my own. I cannot perform my daily functions as a wife and mother when I feel like I 'm going to fall asleep behind the wheel.
It made me tired all of the time and it was difficult to wake up in the morning.
I guess it did the job and did serve as a birth control . But other than that, this pill did make me depressed. I was on it for about 8 months or so. It didn 't really help with my acne, I think the first week of the pack (after the placebos) my face would be flawless and the rest of the days it would be breakouts. I was always always sad and crying. I got off of it mainly because of the depression. I have been off it for a full 2 months now and I am feeling MUCH better. Much happier... my face is clearer. I don 't think this birth control was for me.
I started taking wellbutrin 300 (150x2)Benefit; speed biting nails. Calm mind no racing thoughts. Well rested. Pain managed MUCH better. Great focus vs lots of racing thoughts and too much happening at once. Stabilized mood. Generally calmerNegative: felt like I was going to have a stroke (I 've had a few before, unrelated). Hard to think, have full thought, twitchy, nausea, vomiting, headaches, irritated easily, out of body, always hard to swallow, vertigo, hard to swallow/speak, flushed warm feeling, didn 't feel like myself though that could be because despite the negatives so many things were much better.going to try something else.  Side effects were too much to justify and had a&quot;bad feeling&quot;from taking it.Great drug if minimal SE 's
Today is my 9th day on this medication, the first day I had no symptoms as the days went by it got worse very nauseous everyday after that, I am extremely tired and have a metal taste in my mouth all day that makes me even more sick to my stomach, I recommend chewing gum, some cramping and black stool. I hope this medicine takes care of the problem. Taking breathing test in a month, fingers crossed.
I have hot flashes, stomach issues, pressure in my head/ears when standing, and falling asleep much too easily. 
This pill was horrid. I had irregular periods with a very heavy flow, mood swings, depression, anxiety, anger issues, cramps, etc. This is the worst pill I 've ever taken. Gave it a 3 because it worked as a birth control but other than that it 's a 1
M doctor prescribed me Alesse and gave me a 3 month sample to try it out and I was happy with it, so I went &amp; picked up the presription but the pharmacy gave me aviane because it was covered by my health insurance. I didn 't think twice about it. After a month or 2, during my 2nd week of pills, I started getting really bad cramping &amp; back aches, &amp; had to have frequent bowel movements(mostly in the middle of the night &amp; the morning &amp; took forever).I thought that because I had Ovarian Cysts before &amp; this felt like them, it could be them again. I went to the doctor a couple weeks ago &amp; he said that there were no cysts and that it is probable that the Aviane is messing up my bowels. he wrote he a new script requesting not to give me aviane.
Depakote twice a day worked for the headache, but made me so anxious that I could barely function.  Once a day is not working for headache.  Guess I have to try something else.
Well I had sex on 1/8 and goofed so I went and bought the pill and my period started on 1/17 and  was supposed to start on 1/14 but was still happy either wayBut now its 2/22 and nothing so agh I really hope it worked but most peoples seem to come earlier with this and not later so just hoping. I 'm just stressed :(
I had surgery for a benign brain tumor over 8 yrs. ago; Gamma Knife radiation surgery 3 yrs. ago. The Gamma Knife surgery left me with scar tissue that caused me to have my first partial seizure. This required me to remain on seizure medication, levetiracetam. To prevent recurrent seizures, I was on a dose of 1,000 mg./ 2x 's day. I was on this dosage for over 2 yrs. No seizures, but side effects crept up slowly: bad memory loss, difficulty finding words, fatigue, weight gain. Then, the intolerable ones: deep depression, mood swings, crazy flip-out anger. It just kept getting worse, until I couldn 't wait to get off of it! My doctor called it the &quot;Keppra Rage&quot;. I guess this is well- known side effect that I could not tolerate.
I got the Depo-Provera when I got the intrauterine device taken out. I 've only had the Depo for three weeks but I 've been bleeding everyday and because of being injected with hormones my mood has been awful I 've practically broke up with me boyfriend so now it seems I 've got the Depo for no reason. 
Extreme nausea along with hot flashes and dizziness masked any improvement in my pain condition. It was so intense that I decided that I would rather deal with the pain than suffer another dose of the side effect.
I have been on Keppra for a year and just started Vimpat 6 wks ago.  The Vimpat seems to have controlled my simple partial seizures however, I have noticed the side effects are troublesome.  Some of the side effects are shakes, depression, anxiety, mood swings, dizziness, but the most troublesome is the effect it has on my memory.  It feels like I can 't find my words or I 've forgotten information I should know.  I 'm 50 years of age and have tried many different types of medication in the past 43 years for seizure control and Vimpat is working however the side effects on memory is affecting my job performance. 
I just started taking Abilify for my second go around.  It 's been about a week and reading these posts is making me recollect all of the effects the medication had on me last year.  On top of things going maniacal with my best friend and husband I had to deal with weight gain, twitching and a terrible shallow attitude burst out (hence the maniacal matrimony).   But I felt so much more focused, happy 'ish (laughing more but the not reaching my eyes type) and more energy, less lethargy.  After being so sluggish and down and gray and tired for years this was a temporary battle of conscience in deciding whether or not to continue taking the medication. I gained about 50 lbs within 2 months on 4mg day. I twitched all through the night for mos.
Before I was prescribed latuda, I was at the end of my rope. I was SO depressed. My doctor put me on 20 mg and overnight everything was beautiful again. I enjoyed doing things I hadn 't in years. The latuda would put me right to sleep and I had vivid dreams.2 months later, all those good feelings were gone. My doctor bumped me up to 40mg but I only experienced horrible side effects like agitation and anxiety. I 'm back at 20mg and I want off it completely. I can 't eat or sleep. I have to take xanax to fall asleep now and I feel myself slipping back into depression. I should also mention that whenever I have a drink, I automatically black out so I can 't even have a few drinks with my friends anymore.
I have been using this cream for over six months, didn 't do anything to my skin but one day it left me to have a red swollen face in the morning. Iching then started to come and my (allergic reaction) or so disappeared after 4-6 days.
So far have been on this birth control about 2 months....noticing strong mood swings to.the point im verbally abusing my kids by using swear words constantly. I have no patience at all. Broke down crying tonight trying to figure out what was wrong with me and why I was so on &quot;edge&quot; and impatient with My babies. Then I remembered the implant and maybe it 's causing me to have extreme mood swings. Also slight cramping that never really goes away. I 've been eating like a pig and my teenage acne days are upon me again. This is my first time ever using birth control. Really sucks I was thinking bc would be a walk in the park but so far it 's causing me to become a mad woman.
Doesn 't help much at all
This medication made me feel like my brain was fried it was so hard to think and it made me feel hyper on the inside but made my body feel tired and lazy it was a horrible feeling and it made my schizophrenia worse!!
Had my Nexplanon inserted on March 24th, 2015 after my friends giving me great reviews. Starting May 2015 I bled for 6 months straight. The bleeding ended up leading to Vaginitis which put me in the ER for the first time in my life! Doctor said to give it six months to see if it would stop, it did and I haven 't had a real period since August 2015. During this time I noticed weight gain, which I thought was my new relationship. I started to eat healthy in January 2016 and since then I have put on another 20 pounds, which in total puts me at 40 pounds! No amount of diet or exercise will take it off! Not even a stomach virus I had for two days! I 'm depressed, anxious, and full of angst. I go on Friday to have it removed! Thank god!
It 's this simple... Invokana was great at reducing my glucose and ultimately my A1C.  The problem I had was the extreme vaginal itching.  I told my doctor, my gynecologist and they constantly blamed my diabetes.  But I questioned how could that be if it was controlled.  I researched invokana realized that vaginal itching was a side effect and stopped using the invokana.  The itching started to subside then eventually went away all together.  The Doctor who prescribed it should have said something when I told her my symptoms.  She didn 't even question my decision to stop using it.
I 'm extremely sensitive to the side effects of these medicines. Remeron is the only one I can tolerate (and it doesn 't give me enough relief by itself). Brintellix 's side effects reminded me of Pristiq 's--falling asleep during the day, not able to sleep at night but it worked on my Interstitial Cystitis and it reduced my appetite, so I 'm going to give it a longer trial in the summer when school is out and I 'm not working.
I hurt my back by making my bed my Dr give me this medicine for the pain it really don 't work for me I have been taking it for three days now and no help:
I 've been taking 100mg of Trazodone for four months now. At first it worked great in helping me sleep. Now I 'm noticing that the side effects are worst than insomnia itself. I now have vertigo, migraines, fast pounding heartbeat, vision changes and no libido at all. It sucks
I just started this birth control to help my heavy flow and period cramps and when I began my pack, I was happy with the results because I had less acne and I never felt achy or crampy. As soon as I started the sugar pills, I got my period and my cramps continued to be as bad as they were before. Although my flow wasn 't as heavy, my cramps were bad enough that I had to miss school and my extracurricular activities.
I 've been on Sprintec for over a year and some months are fine. Others I 'll get horrible cramps 2 weeks into the pill or even get a period that lasts 2 weeks.  Every month it 's something different. I guess you get what you pay for.
I have been on Mirena for about 18 months now. At first I experienced cramping and bleeding for about 3 months, then it regulated and I haven 't had a period for over a year now. That part I love! However, about 6 months after insertion, I began experiencing major anxiety issues, panic attacks, etc. I 've never had anxiety issues before so I was confused. Until recently, I hadn 't put my anxiety and Mirena together, but after reading so many reviews about anxiety problems with Mirena, I 'm some-what forced to consider the removal of Mirena. There are no other logical explanations other than the hormone release that is causing my anxiety, which has become extremely difficult to deal with on a daily basis.
Still sick and throat hurts sfter 36 hrs
I must say if I only knew what this medication was going to do to me I would of never taken it. At the age of 61 this medication has destroyed my life. After each injection it caused deeper and deeper depression. What at one time brought joy to my life is gone. There is no since of any type of sexuality at all. Nothing brings joy to ones life. after each shot it just makes it worse. The hot flashes are so severe I will have to change my work shirt a couple of times a day. I will soak a shirt with in minuets. One has to remember that the Eligard will get rid of all your hormones. we are not made to run that way and there is no support that will help you deal with that or tell you what to expect. You are no longer male but not female either.
Overall it does what I need it do. Prevents pregnancy!! Although the mood swings I get from this birth control has pretty much ruined my relationship. I constantly get headaches, anxiety, nervousness, nausea, emotional as heck  and did I mention the mood swings!!? That 's the worst thing about it..one day I 'm happy as can be the next I 'd rather I 'm a mess on a half . I was on the IUD for 5 years and I never had these side effects. Although when it came time to come out of grew into me and that was a mess..then I turn to these pills for the past year its been horrible except that I haven 't had an unwanted pregnancy. Your damned if you do and damned if you don 't!! I have one more month to go. Suggestions??
If you have any sort of history of hair loss in your family, do NOT get this birth control. It 's high in androgenic activity, which in turn can cause hair follicles to shrink and lead to hair loss. I have VERY thick hair, and I had been on Nexplanon until a little over a week ago when I got it removed. I had for it a little over a year, but the hair loss was so gradual, I didn 't notice it until recently after taking a shower and realizing that my scalp was a LOT more visible than it normally is. Now, I 'm consulting with my GP and a dermatologist to get my iron and hormone levels checked to make sure there 's not any lasting damage. I 'm also taking a hair/nail supplement, but I 'm told hair regrowth takes a year at least.
Simponi felt like it was working the first 2 months. But my flare ups are still monthly and today after 6 months, my doctor said I am getting worse, and is taking me off Simponi. I am 53, have rheumatoid arthritis since 2007.
I took Solodyn a few years ago.  I was on it for about 2-3 yrs. Like another poster on here said, I didn 't have horrible acne like some cases, but it made me uncomfortable, especially as an adult.  It did clear my acne (hence the rating of 3 instead of 0). But when I tried to come off of it, OMG!! It became one of those cases.  I broke out like I could never imagine. I wouldn 't look people in the eye, wouldn 't let my husband EVER see me without make up, my self esteem when in the tank.  I had to go on Accutane to get off of Solodyn. I did it during the summer (I am a school nurse w/summers off). It was the only time I could go off Solodyn for the 2 weeks I had to, to go on Accutane.
This did help me with depression a few years ago, but my doctor tried to put me back on it for anxiety this time and I immediately felt the side effects that I really didn 't pinpoint to this at the time but after just two doses this time around they were EXACTLY as I remembered. Diarrhea and an inability to relax.  The diarrhea was horrible, when I would eat out I would have to be by a bathroom, I found myself looking around for a restroom. I thought it was me but I now know it was in fact the Zoloft. Put me in some very embarrassing situations and it kept me from eating out. The inability to relax was quite bad, felt depressed. Thinking back I just hate it that I had to take this medicine, I should have taken it for a few months not a year.
This pill is very effective and has its ups and downs. I took this med in back in 2014 for my ADHD and stopped completely in 2015 due to the side affects. I am currently taking it again and it has changed me completely. PROS: *You can concentrate incredibly *You get work done fast * It makes you think twice* loose weight (if your interested in that)Cons:*You get paranoid*You feel nauseated the whole time*You become very antisocial*You get aggravated very quickly *People always think your sad or something 's wrong*APPETITE IS GONE *You get sad fairly quick*Everything bothers you*Its very hard to get or stay happy*It gets hard to fall asleep This is my 2nd month back on it and there has been a substantial change in me already
Tried several antimdepressants, lofepramine, duloxetine, prozac,amitriptylene, effexor.  All,gave bad side effects, felt like a zombie. Had tom top. Psychiatrist now trying pregabalin but from first dose feel spacey, out of it, drunk.  Not sure its for me.
I am finally deciding to get this implant removed. It works well for preventing pregnancy. But it altered my moods HORRIBLY. During the first month especially, I had panic attacks and anxiety, unlike anything I ever experienced before. I would cry over nothing, or get anxious or fearful. I was extremely stressed at work, even though the only thing that was different was that I had this freakin implant in my arm. I cried almost everyday, and was emotional just like my old PMS symptoms but 10000% worse. Then for about 2 weeks after the crazy heavy periods this medication caused, I felt normal and okay.. UNTIL I started my next period, then it was back to crying all the time, feeling sad out of no where, feeling DEPRESSED and unhappy :(
Well, where to start. The only pro I would say that there is with this medicine is the fact I don 't get my period. I have been on this for 6 years now. Funny enough I have been SEVERELY AND CLINICALLY DEPRESSED for 6 years. I never feel happy. For whatever reason I never thought that my birth control could be causing it. I have struggled with my weight for 6 years, staying at a steady 145-150 being 4 '11. I also have severe back acne which I have had for the last 6 years. I never put the pieces together because I have been on it for so long. I just got diagnosed for extreme pathologic hypersomnia, and I have had the symptoms for exactly 6 years now, it has ruined my life, all I have wanted to do for the last 6 years is sleep. Do not recomm
I recently got the skyla about a month ago. I never had a problem with birth control but this is by far the worst. Getting it inserted was so painful I jerked away from the Dr and literally cried. I cried the following 5 days because I was in so much pain I couldn 't move or get out of bed. After I have sex the next day I 'm in so much pain. I need some suggestions because I 'm so close to switching birth controls. I 've never had cramps in my life before this and I 'm 20.
Lexapro made me crazy. Everything from dry mouth, violent nightmares, violent kicking in my sleep, suicidal feelings, weird brain twitching, and many more symptoms. I started taking this medicine because it was deemed as the &quot;miracle pill&quot;, however my experience was not pleasant. However, I have personally seen friends of mine use it and it has changed their lives..
Caused muscle aches.
There is an awful lot of things I have to take separately now and I usually always take my medicines with milk and that is a big adjustment. However it seems to be doing the trick but I have heartburn and a bad taste in my mouth all the time and I don 't like that at all. I will be taking my last dose on Thursday.
I was recently prescribed 5mg every 8 hrs. I have debilitating migraines, as well as 2 herniated disks. It slightly dulled my pain, but I still found myself trying to find relief using OTC pain meds. Im hoping they will up my dose eventually. It would nice to live again!
I took this medication for a uti i had, it helped but after the 3rd day out of a 7 day dosage I started to get a rash under both my armpits and it started to burn when I would pee which it was suppose to fix.
update. took hysingla 30 mg for 1 month, with 10/325 norco. Hysingla A.M. gave severe headaches and nausea. I switched to 10pm and now I wake up less stiff, but can 't tell diff during day. I still do norco every 4 hours.  I had caudel epidural injection today. It was supposed to be my follow up appointment too, but never chance to speak to PA about new hysingla. She mentioned last month if I tolerated it well, she may increase does to 40mg. I 've tried to  research  80 mg  per day total, but cant find answer, I know thats what she 'll look at. I 'd like to call and ask about getting hysingla  corrected to 40 mg for this month instead.  I hate to waste money for no improvements again. I won 't know if caudel worked for few days yet, all other injections only lasted 1-2 wks. answers??
This lax is horrible but it gets the job done. I was constipated for 5 days. Took 2 tablets and about 9 hours later I wake up with an awful cramping. I go to the toilet and end up puking and pooping at the same time. Be prepared for a lot of pain.
I used the three-day version, and my YI symptoms improved, but it didn 't fully kick it. Went to my OB/GYN thinking I might have had a different kind of infection, only to be told that most of the YI patients they see are women who tried the three-day and it didn 't fully take care of the infection. The seven-day was recommended as the only way to go if you want full relief and cure for the infection. I didn 't have the burning/itching side effects like other people, but I am peeved to learn that the three-day is basically a waste of money, since now I have to buy the seven-day anyway. Don 't waste your time and money on a product that isn 't effective and apparently burns people.
I could not live without Combivent. Now they come up with this Combivent Respimat, takes half a container to finally get the hang of it and its $238.00. Need to find something else for me because I cannot afford this every month.
I had gotten diagnosed with PCOS haven 't gotten a period in 6 months so, she thought that this can help regulate my cycle so, my provider decided to prescribe this BC to me and after taking it for a week and a half I have experienced breast tenderness, sore nipples and my breasts did grow a cup size. But I also experienced mild cramping like if I 'm getting my period and headaches, nausea and no appetite.  I would not think about taking this BC again cause I am starting to feel its not for me .. its works for some females not all ..
I have never taken birth control pills before Jolivette. This particular pill was prescribed to me because of my chronic migraines. The pill works great for my period, but the overall side effects were horrible. I am extremely emotional, my breasts were sore all of the time, and I 'm extremely emotional all of the time which is the opposite of how I usually am. I also had hair growth on my arms, legs, and a little on my face. It works, but the side effects make it not worth it.
At first I had great success. I lost 15 lbs, I no longer needed to use Novorapid and reduced my Lantus.  Then my BS started increasing and had to use Novorapid again and increase Lantus. My a1c went from 8.9 to 8.3 in 3 months.  Severe yeast infection from the start.  My endo increased it to 300 mg.  I still take the same dose of Novorapid and Lantus and still have highs. Haven 't lost any more weight and yeast infection is so bad I just want to claw someone 's eyes out.  I 'm not sure I want to stay on it.
Started out great on the lowest dosage. I lost 20 pounds in the first 6 weeks. Moved up to the next dosage and did not lose a pound. Still no side effects so they moved me up to the highest dosage. The first 2 days were great and then I thought I was going to die! The chest pains were horrific! I couldn 't chance the way I felt and it got me really thinking as to what I was putting in my body! I stopped taking it!
I have gained weight and my depression has gotten worse. I had the Mirena before so there is no comparison.
Extremely fatigued. Used is directed during week 7 and getting out of bed was a struggle. Slept all day and went to bed early...6-7pm early. This is my first pregnancy so I thought it 's probably 1st trimester fatigue. Stopped using the next day and decided to &quot;stick it out&quot; without diclegis. I 'm 17 weeks today and had really bad nausea vomiting every 30 mins this am and thought, ok let me give this medicine another shot, I 'm desperate... Same deal, nausea/vomiting is gone... because I 'm tranquilized! It works but I may be too sensitive for it 's drowsiness effects. Not for me
I would never take it again. I was just merely fatigued the first few days, but on the 3rd and 4th days after (I 'm in my 5th day, feeling awful!) I got so incredibly sick that I couldn 't function. It felt like my organs were sputtering and it scared the ISH out of me. Now, I 'm very healthy; I 'm 18, a junior in high school, and on the varsity track team. Still, the drug made me feel like I was legitimately dying &amp; I almost told my mom so she could take me to the ER (so much for the secret aspect of simply popping a one-time pill!). I was extremely dizzy, nauseous, gained 6 pounds in three days (WHILE working out), EXHAUSTED, trembly, incredibly weak, headachy, cramping like never before &amp; with stabbing pains everywhere at random times.
I took Lamisil for 4 weeks. I am a Registered Nurse and I didn 't realize that the medication could affect my taste. This is definitely the worst side effect that I have ever experienced with any medication. The change in taste almost happened overnight. All of a sudden everything tasted like motor oil. I have been off the medication for 7 days and I am unable to eat. I pray that I regain my sense of taste. 
I have suffered with chronic uticaria for over 10 years and over the last 6 months it has become a daily nightmare. Benadryl worked a bit but it was probably due to the sedating effect allowing me to sleep. However, I can now take 4 tablets and still itch. I 've combined this with an H2 blocker such as Zantac and it helps enough to be able to sleep a couple of hours and then I 'm awoken to intense itching.
I used this medicine to help me fall asleep. While it did work and I fell right asleep, the next day I felt groggy and had a metallic taste in my mouth accompanied by ringing in my ears. The side effects far outweighed the benefits of this medicine for me.
Surgery for ER Stage 2 in R breast. Started Letrozole before radiation.Had a lumpectomy and one Sentinal node out below armpit.  So next A sore red swollen breast My GP put me on huge doses of antibiotics. Didn 't work. Surgeon then told me it was .lymphodema. Gave me Dexamethasone.  (Appalling side effects.). Had to stop it and it Took a month to settle the problems down settled infection but not lymph blockageOff to a lymphodema nurse. learning exercises and massage.Acutely tired. Loss of interest/drive. headaches, mind blurryness and bad recall Eyes also blurry.Aching everywhere began and grew so badly could barely move. Taken off a Femara. Three weeks later still ache badly. Back soon to decide what to do. hard decisions.......
I have been using this medicine for about 2 weeks and now the cramps are starting back up again really bad.  I am also on Rifaximin.  I am hoping for a change soon.
Every since I 've started on Xulane I have Not been able to sleep. Has anyone else experienced this side effect....I don 't fall asleep until, like 3am
Started taking Symbicort for increasingly worse asthma after a chest infection and doctor wanted to try a stronger preventer.First few weeks were OK, but after that I started to develop increasing generalised anxiety. I have had mild anxiety on and off and usually situationally related  but the anxiety I experienced from this was generalised and grew in intensity each day... Affecting my work and home life. My sleep has also been badly affected. A lot of difficulty getting to sleep- even sleeping tablets didn 't help much. I also started to get tinnitus (ringing in ears), nasopharengitis, red dry eyes that made me look stoned, bad breath etc. The last straw for me was very doing voice changes, increasing irritability and agitation.
I got my first implanon in July 2011 at 17y/o. The 3 years of being on my first rod was okay. I gained about 15lbs, started getting a little acne (never had acne before that), and I had a period about twice a year (light, lasted a week). I got my second implant in July 2014. A month later I started experience HORRIBLE acne, mood swings and more weight gain. I 've now gained about about 30lbs since getting my first rod. The only pros are no periods (twice a year), and no pregnancies (my boyfriend had unprotected sex for almost 5 yrs). My acne has calmed down a lot in the past 6 months but I now have a lot of scarring. It 's now almost 2 years into my second rod and I plan on getting it removed this summer because I can 't get the weight off.
I got the Nexplanon about 3 months ago, ive only gotten one period since I dont believe that is normal. But I also feel like it is almost rejecting from my arm at times. I get slight jolts of pain that doesnt last very long but does happen frequently.  Ive been feeling very sick,  moody, depression has gotten worse while being on this.
Well, this is not the magic pill for me.  I have been on Adderall and Provigil and have not been able to tolerate/liked either.   I had hoped Provigil would help since I have heard such good things about it helping people who suffer from fatigue.   I had to snap the 200mg Provigil in half AND only take it after eating a full meal in order to not shake and not have my muscles tense up and chest feel tight.   It was pretty much like caffeine.  It woke my body up but not my mind.  I still craved a nap and had brain fog.  I told my Dr. about this and she suggested trying Nuvigil.   I have been on it two days and it feels the same as Provigil.  Maybe a little more tolerable, but no magic &quot;I feel incredible!&quot; feeling.  Boooooo.
Started taking on February 27th.  I was already counting calories and exercising 5-6 days a week but nothing moves the scale.First few days I 'm so tired after taking.  This seems to be the only side effect.  I have a slight headache but I think that 's due to not eating as I 'm just not hungry.Goal is 80 lbs I 'm 250 5ft 9.
Was moderately successful treatment, but side effects were very bad for me.
I had the Implanon implant inserted in April of 2009.  I have gained 12 pounds. I can 't lose the weight though I work out 3 to 4 days a week. I have ridiculous food cravings.  I can 't eat enough carbs! My breasts stay so tender and I have zero sex drive.  This is horrible as I am a newlywed.  I started to spot so my GYN had me on the Vivelle Dot for 3 months. After going to the ER with a migraine, I stopped the estrogen patch. I have now been spotting for 6 weeks with weeks of significant bleeding. I can 't wait to have this removed. Oh and did I mention the anxiety!
I have been on this birth control for over a year now after getting off the depo (horrible side effects) and thought this would make me feel better. And it did until the last 3-4 months I thought I was depressed but reading these reviews makes me realize it must be the Sprintec. I get depressed and like other reviewers mentioned &quot;emotionally numb&quot;. And my sex drive has been completely nonexistent making think something is incredibly wrong with me but it 's just the birth control! I will be off this completely and will stick to condoms. I wish there was a safe birth control for women to take without the god awful side effects. Makes me feel bad for women everywhere wondering what is making them miserable.
I have been on the medicine for about 1 month.  It took all the pain away.  The side effects are awful.  Blood pressure way too high.  I already have high blood pressure and this put it over the top.  Dry mouth, sweats, insomnia at night but once I get to sleep, I sleep for hours.  Curling of fingers and toes is painful and scary.  Foggy memory.  The cons outweigh the pros.  I have tried Celexa, Paxil, Cymbalta and now Savella and none of them work.  If I did not have the side effects, I would continue taking.  I have not been pain free and able to do normal housework and other chores in years.
I 've only been taking Lyza for 3 weeks now and I started breaking out the first week and I have never broken out on my face before. I have gained 7 lbs despite only eating soups and salads and cutting out carbs. The only plus side to this is I haven 't gotten a killer migraine before the start of my period. I was put on Lyza due to my hormonal migraines and it has helped but I would rather suffer the migraine than gain weight so I 'm getting off these pills.
I was prescribed this due to acne around my chin/ forehead and black heads on my nose as well as my cheeks. The first two days of applying this at night it was fine. On the third day I woke up to wash my face and noticed that my face was red and when I used my daily face wash it stung like crazy. After washing my face, I always use a facial moisturizer, and that even stung when I put it on! Later on in the day I noticed that my face was so flaky. I did not apply the following two days due to stinging and extreme dryness. I plan to use it again when my symptoms die down, but instead of using it every day.. I 'll use it every other day instead. I think that this product is too harsh to use on your face every day.
I 've only been taking this birth control for about 4 days, which yes, I know is little, but I don 't think I can stand another day! I feel nauseous on it and threw up a few times and I slept until 1:30pm today (so I had about 13 hours of sleep, if not more, and I would 've kept sleeping if my brother didn 't wake me up) I still feel exhausted and can barely walk around without wanting to sit. Hopefully you won 't get this experience but I really don 't think I can continue on this pill, waiting it out is not worth it for me.
This is the only birth control I 've ever took and I just started it at the beginning of the month. I don 't know if its supposed to get better but I 've been so emotional and I 've been gaining weight, about 10 pounds in less than a month and I work out and eat healthy I feel bloated and I want to stop taking this. Would not recommend.  My acne hasn 't even cleared its gotten worse
I 've been on Lexapro for about a month and a half now (10/mg). I have not had any differences with my depression or anxiety. In fact my anxiety is still bad. It also makes me crave food that I 'm not a huge fan of. Very confusing.
I found that it did control my BP to an acceptable level but it did nothing for my anxiety or tremors. The tremors did stop after a round of amoxicillin antibiotics but have since returned  with yet another infection.
I started off on 10mg per day, which was able to make my depression much better. After about a week I started to feel  'numb ', not in a good way. I had no emotions at all and hadn 't helped my anxiety even a little. 20mg was much worse and made me feel the worst I have ever felt. After weaning off that, I was prescribed 100mg of Wellbutrin SR, and after only a few days I 'm feeling much happier and have much more motivation with no side effects.
The first 2 month on Nexplanon was a breeze I thought this was the life no side effects at all. By month 3 I was spotting every few days, it started out light for a couple days for a few months but then it became heavy and lasted atleast 5 days. I would be spot free for a few days then bleeding again. I went to my doctor to get a high dose of ibuprofen and that made me stop spotting for 2 weeks &amp; then BLEEDING again. The doctor said that the spotting would go away by the 6th month &amp; I tried to stick it out &amp; that was a HUGE mistake. I also had depression, NAUSEA,&amp; dizziness. I got it removed last week &amp; they had to slice open my arm &amp; dig it out nothing like the quick shot to get it.
This medication did what it was suppose to do, butthe side affects are terrible.   If I had been told thatthese problems I live with now were a remote possibility, I would not have agreed to take this medication.  I 've taken it for more then 5 years, I 've changed my FamilyDr. and now have two Neurologists that seem confusedthat this Medication was ever prescribed to Me.  I 've stopped taking it on my own, I hope that the damage to my centralnervous system can heal.
My doctor switched me to this after having depression, anxiety and terrible cramps while taking Kariva. I 've been taking birth control for about 7 years now due to PCOS and I 've tried pretty much everything, nothing seems to be the right fit as of yet. I 've been on Altavera for 2 months and I 've gained  12 lbs already.  Aside from increased hunger, I 've noticed I 've had less cramping and my periods were lighter and for less days. I 've also had less mood swings. Aside from gaining weight, overall not bad.
I was on Nora Be for 2.5 years. Previously had taken combination pill, then was off BC for a while. Started Nora Be to alleviate my heavy painful periods. At first I was pleased because it helped the physical side effects of my cycle. But I noticed less and less regular periods (expected) with tons of other physical symptoms. Weight gain, acne, anxiousness, depression, fatigue, and BLOATING. I was so bloated all the time. I would have these horrible emotional PMS symptoms for like 3 weeks, spot for 2-3 days, normal for a week, and then back to the horrible symptoms. I just couldn 't deal with it anymore - it was affecting every area of my life. On the plus side, I didn 't get pregnant.I stopped taking it 6 months ago and feel great.
Generic brand doesn 't not work for me at all. I couldn 't sleep woke up several times at night. And then when to get up for work had a pounding headache. However The name brand work great how much more expensive.
Had this inserted after my son was born. Chose it because there were no hormones involved. The procedure itself was very simple. It didnt hurt. Felt like a pinch and thats it. I wore it for a year, didn 't get pregnant. So I guess it did what it was supposed to do. But my periods were horrible. I used to have the easiest periods. After putting paraguard, periods went on for upto 10 days. Pads would be super soaked and I was afraid to put on tampons.  After a year, the thread came off. Thats when I decided to get rid of it.  I won 't wear it again, or recommend it. But then again, if you dont like it, you can always take it out (setting aside all the severe complications)
I was on this medication for about 3 year for depression/anxiety.  During the time I took this medication it completely numbed any emotion that a normal person would get.  About six months ago I decided that I was ready to discontinue my use of this medication and slowly reduced my doses.  Coming down from this was extremely difficult and painful.  I would have the craziest/scariest dreams, intense night sweats, severe headaches, uncontrollable body shaking and muscle twitching, some nausea/vomiting, but the worst of all the side effects was when my heart would race so fast it felt like it was going to break out of my chest, and my heart would feel like it was skipping beats, and each time that happened I would get an intense head rush.
This lax is horrible but it gets the job done. I was constipated for 5 days. Took 2 tablets and about 9 hours later I wake up with an awful cramping. I go to the toilet and end up puking and pooping at the same time. Be prepared for a lot of pain.
Due to a medical condition I was told this was the safest cough suppressant for me to take.  I took it before bed and woke up in the middle of the night extremely nauseous. Although it did suppress my cough I can do without the nausea !
I have been taking this for about two months now because I needed to regulate my period and it did its trick for that. The only part I didn 't like about it was how emotional I got a couple of days before my period, I was bawling for no reason. The final reason on why I decided to switch was because I got really angry.
I switched from generic immediate release lamotrigine to lamictal XR about a week ago. In the last week I have had the unfortunate and horrible side effect of diarrhea. The worst I have ever experienced; it would start a few hours after taking my meds (at bedtime...) and last until about noon the following day. It took me about a week to realize it was related to the medication change. When I stopped taking the medication the diarrhea went away. I 've seen tons of positive reviews about the XR, but it just wasn 't for me. I gave it a 3 because it still stabilized my mood while I was on it.
My doc had me try Diclofenac after bad side effects from Piroxicam. The pain management with Diclofenac is marginal at best for my arthritis and causes severe swelling in my feet and ankles, but I 'm now having to take a diuretic because of it.
Within days of getting the implant I was ridiculously emotional to the point that I couldn 't control myself. I had random crying outbursts. I became EXTREMELY anxious. It began causing issues in my relationship because my boyfriend couldn 't understand why I was questioning everything, freaking out over his driving and little unimportant things that I never worry about, I was overly worried about my college assignments to the point of obsessiveness, I formed acne as well. I just had it removed because I 've been spotting every day since it was placed in, in January 2016, it is now October 2016 and I began to form a constant period odor that was not pleasant for me or my boyfriend.
I was only on Lexapro for 2 weeks but in that time, I had a headache everyday, would get extremely tense muscles and the back of my neck, was very drowsy (took a few 2+ hour naps), felt dizzy (had some vertigo effects), couldn 't focus on anything, and completely lost the ability to orgasm which caused my partner a lot of stress and made sex frustrating instead of enjoyable. I was on 5mg for a week then 10mg. It just wasn 't worth it for me. I 'm now taking Wellbutrin SR and like it so far (only on my 3rd day).
I began taking 50 mg of Seroquel XR, which I am told is a very low dose.  I feel much calmer during the stressful workday, so calm in fact that all I want to do is take a nap.  I can hardly stay awake.  Also, I 'm having difficulty with mental acuity and feeling emotionally dulled.  I did not take a dose last night, otherwise I probably wouldn 't be capable of writing this.  I 'm wondering if this sleepiness persists once I 've been on it for a while, or if it lessens.
I have been on depo now for about two years and have had nothing but negative side effects. The only positive thing about depo provera is that you don 't have to worry about missing a pill. I 've suffered major headaches, weight gain, mood swings, hot flashes, irregular bleeding, cramping, breast pain, and change in sex drive. I thought this would be a great option for me because I wasn 't always on top of taking birth control pills. After trying depo out for two years, I have finally decided that all these symptoms are NOT worth it. If you plan on getting the shot, do your research and know the symptoms that it comes with.
I had nothing but negative effects from the Depo shot that are continuing even after the duration of action of the Depo. I am now experiencing terrible migraines (I rarely, if ever had even minor headaches). They have been occurring multiple times per day including nausea and diarrhea.  I experienced these same symptoms for the first time after I received my first shot. I also experienced neck stiffness, severe mood swings, bouts of depression that seemed to arrive from nowhere, no sex drive what so ever, and worst of all menstrual bleeding for an entire month straight which was only counteracted by a high dosage of birth control pills. 
My doctor switched me from Loestrin Fe to Microgestin Fe to help my endometriosis. I could not figure out why I have been so miserable (tender breasts, extreme cramping and bloating, weight gain, and depression) but after reading some of these reviews I can relate. The best oral contraceptive that I have tried is Loestrin 24 but my insurance doesn 't cover it! The only positive thing from this experience: I 've given up on it and my husband and I are trying for a baby!
Day 5. Still coughing up gunk. Wheezing some. No voice. Not really feeling any relief. Have to call my Dr again in the morning.
I 'm not so sure if the medicine was bad, it just didn 't work for me. I began to develop muscle twitching.
Tried it for 10 days. For me, it worked no better than OTC sprays and my nose still runs like a faucet for two hours each morning.
I 've been on gildess fe 1/20 for about 4 months now and at first it was great! Slowly i started to see changes in my behavior and body...i started getting irritated more and easier, i started getting a lot more emotional than normal, and i started gaining weight resulting in me getting depressed about my body. I spot in the middle of my cycle about a week before my before starts and i thought this was just my body getting use to it, but it 's become clockwork. I have nothing but nightmare stories with birth control so i 'm starting to feel like it 's not for me
I have gained weight and my depression has gotten worse. I had the Mirena before so there is no comparison.
I started taking the pill last month and for starters I am 26. I know that it takes a while for you body to adjust to the pill but I am on my second week of my menstrual cycle which is waaayyy to long for starters, I 've gotten a bit more acne breakouts and I have noticed that, with my mood I have become more sensitive to things that usually don 't bother me. I was taking this pill primarily to help regulate periods but like I said 2 weeks of a flow when I only usually last 7 days max makes me reconsider continuing with this pill.
I 'm so scared the condom broke on her 12 or 11th day of the cycle and we didn 't know till later  I 've read reports on how plan b does not work right before ovulation
Well, I had the Merena for over 2 years, and the great thing about it is that I never had a period and I didn 't have to worry about getting pregnant. The worse part was is that I had a terrible, terrible odor constantly, I 'm the type of person who showers daily, and it was embarrassing. Also, I was never in the &quot;mood&quot; to have sex.  So I decided to get it removed and it has been over 6 months now and I have had absolutely no odor and my &quot;mood&quot; toward sex has changed a lot, for the better. Everyone is different and it is pretty much a see and try for yourself kind of thing.
Caused restless leg syndrome.
I have MDD, GAD, and ADHD. The worse trifecta in my opinion. The reason why is because when I start treating one disorder the others get worse. Well I had gotten my MDD and GAD in check and on to treat my ADHD so I was given a very low dose of Adderall XR (10mg). It was way too over stimulating for me. I had so much anxiety that I couldn 't even focus which is what Adderall is supposed to help you do. So I switched over to 5mg Adderall XR and while my anxiety didn 't shoot up like the last dosage it still was ineffective.
I had a boyfriend for a few months and our relationship started to get serious so I decided that I needed to start some sort of birth control. I am awful with remembering to take my medicine everyday. This shot was an easy fix for that. You get a shot then don 't have to think about taking anything again for three months and you just go get another shot. This birth control is very effective and easy to keep up with, but one of the side effects was weight gain. I figured that I 'd be fine since my doctor told me it just increases your appetite so as long as you watch what you eat you would be fine. This shot made me hungry all of the time. I gained 30 pounds from September to February. I got off of the shot and the weight is not easy to lose.
I was given olanzapine 2.5mg six days ago.  I already take 40mg prozac. I think I 've tried every med going for anxiety and depression and I haven 't responded well to any of them.  I  started taken meds about 9yrs ago...after 6 days I 've done a lot of crying and feeling strange, a lot of negative things but I am willing to persevere as two positive things have happened.  I can eat dinner where as before I could barely eat a thing and I seem to be feeling motivation just in a small way but thats a massive improvement on sleeping all day as I couldn 't face getting up and another day. I 'm hoping this med will give me my life back, although anxiety feels worse and irritible and a bit snappy....
This is my second time around using Nexplanon. First time wasn 't so bad. For the first couple of months I did not see my period which was something that they explained, and then when I did get my period it was very irregular. I also gained weight which was not so bad, I went from 155 lbs to 165lb. I lasted three years with it without getting pregnant which was great since those were the only two side effects I really had to endure. So I decided to go back on it for this time 4 years. What a big mistake!!! First of I am four months in and I have not stopped spotting. I also gained about 20 lbs that have been so hard for me to lose. I 've been exercising and just recently turned into a vegan, but still have not been able to shed the extra pounds!
This is my second week. I 'm extremely tired, moody and emotional and constipated. My doctor took me off of Celexa. I 'm not sure if I want to continue taking this since it seems as though I 'm worse. I 've experienced more anxiety and I 'm a mess now. 
Was working fine for L5 pain then one night after dinner I had bad pain I took 1in a half pills 10mg an hour later was experiencing terrible upper back pain above shoulders real bad stomach muscle pain and it was painful to swallow. 
Whilst this may have worked well on the diverticulitis, the side effects were so awful.  I used Cipro for 10 days in April, and was almost crippled with heel pain in my left foot, and big toe pain in my right foot.  I had to put a box in my bed to keep the sheets off the foot, it was so painful.  Once off the Cipro, my heel and toe pain slowly lessened, but I had a serious diverticulitis flare-up last week and they put me back on it in hospital.  Despite telling the doctors about the heel pain (imagined, they said) they prescribed it to me when I went home.  Then I started doing some research.  Am now off the Cipro and will never take it again; just hoping the damage done to my tendons isn 't permanent.  Back on Augmentin.
I hate it so far. I 'm not one to breakout and suddenly I have acne. These random pimples are on my back too! So depressing.  My anxiety spiked, dizziness, and I feel at times I 'm going to faint.  Seeking new birth control asap.
I liked the implant at first but the side effects are not worth it! I am a pretty happy person but this has made me depressed, exhausted and made me gain weight. I have crazy mood swings and it gets a 100 times worse during my irregular cycle. My last cycle I could barely get myself out of bed and cry most days. It 's putting a strain on my relationship. I 'm getting it removed as soon as possible. I miss my normal, happy self.
Was giving this drug to control emotions that were suppressed for 20 yrs of abuse and trafficking. The 1st 2 weeks were great. More positive emotions, panic attacks were low then I had a P.T.S.D trigger and its like the medication did the opposite of what it was supposed to do. My moods became more depression erratic. No positive out look, not at a point of suicidal but close. I was sleeping constantly when taking this drug as well Went from taking 40 mg and feeling paralyzed in own body to taking 20mg and feeling somewhat like a human being. I am also taking ambien 7.5 mg .They took me off latuda earlier this week and placed me on xanax .5 mg  and I can already tell a difference . more positive and upbeat, also gained 20lbs in 2 months on it.
It is hard for me to rate this. I have Psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis. I have been taking Otezla for 9 months now. Within weeks my severe psoriasis had cleared. However, my arthritis is worse.  At first, it seemed to stop the swelling a little. I have to say it was about 5 months before all the swelling and severe pain came back. While the pain was never completely gone, it was never this bad. Not even before Otezla. My muscles in the back of my legs hurt, and on  the bottom of my right foot. I am having trouble walking. I also take hydrocodone for pain. I was taking the hydrocodone for two years and was hoping to get off with Otezla. Not going to happen. Has anybody had dental problems. I have had 3 teeth crack in the past 6 months.
I started taking Xulane when my insurance stopped covering Ortho Evra. The first month was fine, no side effects, irritation or pregnancy scares or anything but then the second month I started experiencing nausea, cramps, my period was late and then I had the absolute worst depression and even started losing touch with reality. I thought I was going crazy but since I stopped it, I 've felt completely fine. Did prevent me from getting pregnant but the mood swings were not worth it anymore, will have to move onto the pill.
First time I took Provera it worked great for 3-4 years and made me regular. I had gone to the ER for heavy bleeding and clotting. 2nd time I went to the ER was earlier this year (2015) for same reason. Provera slowed it down, passed clots and then I spotted here and there. Just recently, mid July, I started having heavy bleeding again and the docs couldn 't give me answers as to why but put me on Provera again. Didn 't do anything this time. It slowed it down on Day1-Day3 on it and then after and especially when I finished Provera I was bleeding very heavily. The doc said that 's to be expected and have to wait it out, and just wait for my ultrasound. I 'm so sick of all this bleeding and even more so not getting any answers/treatment.
VERY POOR RESULTSIF YOU HAVE A SLUGGISH COLON (as I do) I do NOT recommend this product - as &quot;great-tasting&quot; as it is.This was my 2nd colonoscopy and I failed it in spite of 1 week of Miralax 2x a day, and a 2 day liquid diet - 3 days liquid and put myself on a 3 days low-residue diet.I had read how pleasant tasting the prep was and yes folks, it taste like the powdered &quot;Tang&quot;. followed by the standard for colonoscopy preps - lots of water, which wasn 't difficult as I usually drink a minimum of 8-10 ounce glasses a day I thought I was completely clear but NOOOOOO - Still going! THUMBS DOWN. Back to GAG Go-Lightly next time (with a Compazine to prevent nausea. Doctor gave me the prep - fortunately, didn 't have to BUY it.
I just received my third injection today and it may be a bit too early to guage how effective it will be.   However, I am pleased to report that unlike some of the reviewers I did not find the injections to be painful.   I just felt pressure and some discomfort when the fluid was injected but it was quickly over.   And for that I thankful.   I 'll report back after a month or so.
I took this pill for two months. The first month was amazing. No spotting, my period was only two days on the exact date it was supposed to be on. When the second month started, it was horrible. Mood swings, uncontrollable bleeding, cystic acne, no sex drive. I stopped taking the pill after two weeks into the second month. Acne cleared up, bleeding stopped. I wouldn 't recommend this pill.
Well it stopped my cough...but it also gave me extremely watery diarrhea that had me running to the bathroom every 10-30 minutes for hours and hours. It must have been at least 8 hours before my stomach calmed down. It left me feeling dehydrated and sick, but hey. At least my cough was gone, right?
This is my second day on Provigil 200mg once a day and was hoping for a dramatic change but there was none.  I have sleep apnea and CPAP was not enough.  Passed out at work and not safe to drive.  I can say I am a little more clear and not in sleepy fog.  Hoping that it will get better or up my dose
I took it for about 2 years and it did lower my cholesterol somewhat. The entire time that I took it, I sweated profusely with any exercise and I would become light headed. I quit taking Zetia nearly a year ago and have had no horrible sweating episodes since.
I started off at 50 MG of SERTRALINE  and after a few weeks I started feeling great, I felt more positive, I could sit and watch a whole show or movie with my family. I liked my job more but my appetite did decrease and it made me feel speedy which also made it hard to sleep. Ok so fast forward to 1 month my Dr. decides to up my dosage since it seemed to be agreeing with my body  ( I have depression but mostly anxiety) he upped the dosage to 100 mg tablets. After ONE week I was raging - my family noticed my colleagues noticed.  I felt like I was roided out. I was mean, aggressive and hard to be around. I also felt downl like I didn 't want to be around people anymore. That quickly it all changed. Made a same day appointment with the Dr to switch meds.
I 've just started my 4th week with 2 pills in the a.m. &amp; 2 in the p.m. &amp; I haven 't lost anything ! Not even an ounce. :( I am so discouraged and upset. I was excited when my Dr. Had prescribed it to me to lose the weight. I thought what a perfect boost. I already workout 3 days a week at the gym ...but since taking contrave I 've felt tired all the time , some days fuzzy as if I had. Vertigo...I may give it another month and if I do t show any improvement I 'll stop taking it. Today is 3/20/17 I 'm at 202 &amp; 5 '7 I 'll let you know in another month if it was worth it.
After trying organic and holistic alternatives for a year with no success I went to a Dr. who prescribed Hyzaar 50mg. I 've been on it for 6 weeks, had my 2nd visit today and the Dr. said the approximately 10% improvement was all I could expect and immediatley prescribed a 2nd BP med. No discussion of increasing the dosage, just another med. I 'm disappointed in the Dr. more than the med.
I read a lot of bad reviews on Nexplanon but everyone body is different so I still tried it!! I got it inserted in July of 2017 and I spotted for a month when August came I had no period no spotting I thought things were going good!!!! Well September came around and I have been on my period non stop mind you it&rsquo;s now November!!! Its not a heavy period but it&rsquo;s not a comfort. I&rsquo;m going to get it removed first week in December
Going on 2 months now. I had 16 days of extremely heavy bleeding with heavy clotting. I have PCOS and would have some crazy abnormal period but never with severe cramping and clotting. I went through a regular tampon in 1 hour and about 45 overnight pads in that 16 days.  My left breast is considerably more tender at all times and I have random spotting and cramps almost every day. I 'll be calling my doc to tell her I 'm going off of this pill. I won 't make it to the third month. I 'd rather use condoms (and I hate condoms).
I don 't usually write reviews for things, but I really feel like I should share my experience. I have been taking a variety of norethindrone for 5 months now. The first 2-3 months of taking this were the worst. My mood swings were bad. I found myself crying and getting extremely mad over the smallest things. My periods were completely unexpected and I had very random spotting for the first 2 months. The 3rd month seemed to be very regular and normal.  Then the 4th and 5th months were back to unexpected. For month 5 I would have my period for 7 days, off 2, on 7-8, off 1. Very heavy and clotted. It was painful and gross. I figured I would wait 6 months to see if it would change but it has only gotten worse. I do not recommend this to anyone.
I 've been prescribed the flucinazole on 3 separate occasions over the past year. More recently, I was also prescribed oral Metronidazole twice a day for 7 days and told to take diflucan over the same period every 3 days. Well I developed a super itchy rash all over my arms which spread to my trunk and legs the more I kept taking the Metronidazole. I went urgent care and was told to stop the Metronidazole and given a shot to help with the rash. It went down almost immediately. Since they didn 't say to stop the Fluconzaole I took my next dose and low and behold I 'm an itchy mess again. I realized that although to a lesser degree this rash has been present the other times I 've taken it also but mainly on my legs.
Like most others, I 've tried everything possible for fibromyalgia over the past several years.  I also have 3 herniated discs and chronic back pain.  I tried Lyrica in the past and it did not help.  Two years later I tried it again and in fact am still on 300 mg/day in combination with Flexeril 10 mg at night.  It helped to take the edge off for about a month then suddenly stopped working.  As I am going on a vacation soon, I am not beginning to wean off yet as I will wait until we return.  Perhaps increasing the dosage would help?  We will see.  So far all I had was a month with a little less pain and am having a hard time maintaining my weight.  My memory loss and grasping for words has also noticeably increased (and I am young).  
Made me sleepy and I didn 't care about anything. However, I find that a small dosage combined with Wellbutrin XL 300 mg works great. They compliment each other as my doctor suggested.
Ambien didn 't work for me at all and made me restless &amp; crazy. Tried Belsomra 10 mg last night (I 'm a small person and tend to be quite sensitive to meds). I think the dose was fine. Falling asleep was pleasant and reminded me of how I used to fall asleep before the insomnia -- all good. But it did not stop me from waking several times in the night, particularly between 2-4, with restlessness; I was able to return to sleep pretty quickly each time though. But after 9 hours, I woke feeling like I had been in REM sleep all night -- sort of skimming along the surface of sleep but not going deep for most of it. I don 't feel refreshed at all and fell back asleep in the chair after a full cup of coffee. Not for me.
I had been taking this BC for about three months. I always bled before the fourth week. Each month bleeding earlier than the month before. Didn 't gain weight. Did not break out as bad as the first BC I was previously on (Sprintec). Then out of no where, MOOD SWINGS. &amp; when I say mood swings, I 'm talking a full 180. One minute things would be fine, then the next, I 'm crying &amp; ready to cut off the head the person closest to me. Today I started Xulane. I 'm hoping that this will not make me gain weight, break out, or cramp like a lot of the reviews have stated. Hopefully no more mood swings! best part about these pills, I DID NOT GET PREGNANT.
I have had my implant removed after 2years 11 months, my reaction at the moment is relief!The first 6 months had constant bleeding, tried to get it removed and got forced to give it a few more months.1 1/2year, period every 3 months but I was constantly moody and depressed, crying, constantly hungry also put on 1 1/2 stone which seems to stick to my stomach, lost my four pack.A few months ago I had a horrible period and after research think it was a miscarriage but can 't be sure.For the last two months really sore breast and the most alarming one breast got massive, had mad cramps, so now its out no more cramps and more calm waiting to remove plaster and feel normal.
With nexplanon it stopped the cramps. Been good for the most part except I get upset more easy and frequent. I have always had depression but somehow it makes it come out more. Throughout the years having it. (I get mine taken out in Novemeber (3year mark.)) It was very hard to know or track when I would get my period. I 'll get it twice a month, sometimes I would have my period for 2-3 weeks have a week off and back on it. It does wonderful to prevent pregnancy but it 's screwy. This is my last year on it. The 1st 2 years, I really didn 't gain weight. But now it feels like I can 't stop. I didn 't change my diet. The weight gain with acne &amp; not knowing when I 'd get my period. I would love to know when I would get my period and not gain weight.
The side effect that made me stop it was severe reflux.  I would wake up from a dead sleep basically vomiting in my mouth and nearly choking on it.  This happened nightly for weeks and I just couldn 't tolerate it anymore.  It does help a great deal with relaxing the muscles (and for pain).  I also get insomnia from this while most people get drowsy.
Tramadol worked at first for awhile...But not now, I 'm ready to ask for something new because I am tired of being in bed rest.
I must take numerous puffs in order to get any relief from ProAir.
Made my depression and anxiety worse, which I wasn 't expecting as this drug seems so well tolerated by others.  My maximum dose was 50mg bd (50mg twice daily).I just wanted to make people aware that this can happen.On the plus side, it did get rid of my visual migraines.
Taken this for 30 days and no difference with stiff hands. ALEVE did a better job. Back to the Doctor I guess.
It 's good I think I might need it again ?. .
Claritin D 24 hour works well for sinus issues. However the side effects that I experienced supercedes the effectiveness  of the drug; decreased urinary stream, cloudy urine, straining to push out urine from bladder,  Insomnia, headache, increased heart rate. All symptoms lasted approx 24 hours. Inconvenient to purchase, have to show drivers license as I found out its the main ingredient is used to make  crystal meth.
I 've had nexplanon for 10 months at first it was ok.  I had my period regularly but these past 5 months have been horrible, fatigue is my biggest concern on top of that side effects came in like sweating and no sex drive, huge mood swings, I can 't wait to get it out! I guess it 's not for everyone which sucks cuz it 's really good at not getting you pregnant
This medicine helped my problem - 2 herniated discs and a pinched nerve, but it gave me really bad stomach ache had to stop it right away.
I tried this drug out a year ago. Very expensive and worked wonderful in controlling my cravings and appetite but then the side effects started. I had horrible headaches. This is not a symptom I could deal with so I had to give it up. Hopefully it won 't cause headaches for many people, but if it does, I 'm so sorry because they truly hurt.
The stuff helps a bit. I started on 150mg which helps a bit. Then the doctor wanted to put me on the maximum dosage of 300mg per day which made me very nauseous - so I went back to the 150mg per day that (helps like 1 aspirin on a bad head ache). He as since prescribed 20mg (5mg 4 times per day) of Methadone that has totally stopped the pain for the most part. Every once in a while I get a bit of break through pain, but nothing like before. It has been a life saver regardless of the negative association attached to the name.
I was on zoloft for about 3 months. It caused headaches especially as dosage was increased. Nearly impossible to sleep more than 5 hours. And caused hot flashes and racing thoughts at any dose over 100mg. It also increased my blood pressure. Started helping depression a bit after many helpless weeks but not enough to stay on it satisfactorily.
I 've had this since March of 2010 and at first it was great. I had a period maybe every other month sometimes they would last for a week or a little longer sometimes they would be shorter. Now after 2 years Ive been bleeding for about a month and it is heavy. No pregnancies but I feel like I am. I 've had crazy mood swings, sometimes I 'm super hungry and sometimes I can 't eat and I feel like I 'm always tired. Thinking about taking it out
I 've been on depo for about a year, and at first I absolutely loved it. No periods and no noticeable side effects at first. However, I started noticing frequent mood swings and often feelings depressed. On top of that, I have also had painful intercourse and my OBGYN says this is because of decreased estrogen levels which cause women to be less &quot;wet&quot; - which she said is very likely to be caused from the shot. I 've also had serious trouble losing weight since I 've been on the shot. Don 't do it!!
In my opinion its a weakist. Pain Management drug out there. I would have to take 10 4mg to get the slightest relief  and that 's on top of  wearing a 100mcg patch  fentanyl.
Finished 3 loading doses over past month, now on monthly maintenance.  Psoriasis on hands/elbows/feet still bad and my pain from psoriatic arthritis still fairly bad, but I am more mobile tho it hurts to move. Tried methotrexate, Humira and Otezla in the past.  Sick with a cold, we 'll see how this treatment goes.  Hoping for better results with more time.
I 've a degenerative spinal disorder known as syringomyelia (without Arnold Chirari mal) which was caused after an auto accident in which I was ejected from my car as it flipped. I suffered several fractures to the skull, sub-arachnoid hematoma (resolved itself) in addition to a broken spine. I was initially taking Norco 10/325 4 x daily, which worked fine at the time, then my Syrinx began presenting symptoms; mainly horrid pain at the site of it (C3-T2). Tramadol 50mg was added in addition to Zanaflex and Xanax for the accompanying exacerbation of anxiety, but still in pain. This medicine is short acting and not sufficient for SM sufferers.
I am approaching the 3 year mark. In the first 5 months, I gained 30 pounds! It has become very hard to loose the weight. Other then that period was normal the first year, second year the period was lasting 8+ days, spotting, towards middle of second year my arm has been going numb, it seems to be on a nerve, it will cause cramp like pain starting at the birth control site all the way down to my fingers, extreme lower abd pain and lots of migraines and headaches. I have an appointment to have it removed as I can no longer tolerate all the side effects. I rather take a daily pill then have this any longer.
I 've had to take these meds before for BV, (Had it twice in the past) and those times I 've taken it, I was totally fine. But this time around? I 'm in hell. My doctor prescribed 21 pills (2x a day) instead of the 14 I had in the past. The first day or two was okay, only a little nausea, which I take Ondansetron for, so that helped. But the past couple days have absolutely sucked. I 've had to run to the bathroom a few times because I thought I was gonna vomit, have had abdominal cramping, dizziness, etc. I haven 't taken my pills for 36 hours and I feel so much better than when I was on them. My BV symptoms feel better, but I 'd rather try a different treatment to ensure it has fully gone.
This thing is burning me up! I thought I was having an allergic reaction. Third day and I am on fire! Worse than the yeast itself. Hope I don 't any issues after. Took a shower minutes after. Try something else. This is simply torture. Felt better knowing I was not alone though.
I let my son try this today for the first time.  He complained of having a sore throat, didn 't eat hardly any of his lunch and then threw up in the car on the way home from school.  This is a 6 year old who 's only 46 lbs.  We also had 2 instances today where he swears he saw something that wasn 't there.  It 's 11:30 at night and he is still up on a school  night.  I put him to bed 2 and a half hours ago.   This is my first experience with a stimulant for his ADHD.  No he won 't be taking this again tomorrow.  After reading all the possible side effects and how common they are I 'd rather have a kid bouncing off the walls all day than one who can 't go to bed at night and may loose weight when he 's already underweight.  Never again.
I have been on Apri for a couple of months. I have completely lost my sex drive which is hurting my relationship and I feel depressed all the time. I 'm not pregnant so I give it a four but I 'm going to switch to a different medication.
I was taking this as a contraceptive and to prevent ovarian cysts, which I am prone to. This pill worked great for those two things and I had no problems with this BCP for the first year of taking it. However, after around a year and half on it I developed extreme anxiety, panic attacks, severe moodiness and change of temperament, as well as nausea every single day. I am about to go off of it, hopefully I can find a BCP without these side affects.
With nexplanon it stopped the cramps. Been good for the most part except I get upset more easy and frequent. I have always had depression but somehow it makes it come out more. Throughout the years having it. (I get mine taken out in Novemeber (3year mark.)) It was very hard to know or track when I would get my period. I 'll get it twice a month, sometimes I would have my period for 2-3 weeks have a week off and back on it. It does wonderful to prevent pregnancy but it 's screwy. This is my last year on it. The 1st 2 years, I really didn 't gain weight. But now it feels like I can 't stop. I didn 't change my diet. The weight gain with acne &amp; not knowing when I 'd get my period. I would love to know when I would get my period and not gain weight.
So far have been on this birth control about 2 months....noticing strong mood swings to.the point im verbally abusing my kids by using swear words constantly. I have no patience at all. Broke down crying tonight trying to figure out what was wrong with me and why I was so on &quot;edge&quot; and impatient with My babies. Then I remembered the implant and maybe it 's causing me to have extreme mood swings. Also slight cramping that never really goes away. I 've been eating like a pig and my teenage acne days are upon me again. This is my first time ever using birth control. Really sucks I was thinking bc would be a walk in the park but so far it 's causing me to become a mad woman.
I took this around 9 pm. I fell right to sleep with no problems. It did not keep me up at all. I woke up and blew my nose, the medicine had worked. It cleared my nose after I blew it. However, the taste is disgusting and I still have a cough.
This drug has been great at bringing down my blood sugar levels and my A1C to acceptable levels in the 6 months I 've been taking it (blood glucose ranges from 90 - 130 instead of 180-240, and A1C is 6.5 instead of 8.5).
I decided to take the Depo for birth control instead of the pill because I am terrible at remembering to take it daily. The first month I had no problems, it worked great. Now in the second month I had two weeks of spotting and now another week of a full period continues. I plan on switching birth control methods next month.
Kept me in regular sinus rhythm but after three years on the med I failed a stress test due to QRS widening, a potentially fatal heart rhythm irregularity.  Doctor states it was caused by the medication
I had rotator cuff surgery and I was prescribed percocet after telling the doctor that I have a sensitive stomach to most medications.  The medicine took the pain away, but I only take half a pill of the 5mg and my stomach gets so upset and try not to vomit. I can 't get in a car without getting car sick. The doctor has now prescribed me Darvocet, lets hope this works better.
I was on Percocet 10 mg 3 times a day and my doctor switched me to Nucynta 75 mg 3 times a day. The pain is much worse and I have been begging my doctor to switch me back or to something else. The only response I got was &quot;give it a month.&quot; I 'm having surgery in a week for one of the 5 issues I have. Not sure what people like about this medicine I 'm in tears and can 't sleep. Monetarily I have to pay 5 times more for this medicine that doesn 't work.
When I first put it, in 6/2015 it was fine. After awhile my arm would hurt and itch. I would get moody every so often and I would spot every few months. And only one time I bleed for over a week. No weight gain till 2 1/2 year later when  I gained 35 pound 's. 10/2017. I 'm ready to take it out. It makes me want to eat more.
Was on Zyprexa for a week 10mgs originally prescribed for sleep and coming off of Geodon. Gordon caused anxiety eventually. Zyprexa calmed me down but it was still hard to fall asleep without Ambien. I feel tired slow and hungry all the time the next day. But it did calm my nerves the next day so it may be worth it to give it a try.
Celexa for me helped with stress and anxiety, but I had to stop taking it due to the bad side effects such as: insomnia in the early morning, feeling depressed, dry mouth, memory loss, vision issues, and loss of appetite. Zoloft was worse though. I am going to use natural supplements and not these strong anti-depressants.
I had been constipated after giving birth for 3 weeks. I took stool softeners and I took Flax seed and after 3 weeks I pooped, worst pain of my life!. Worst that giving birth. After that I thought it was going back to normal. But after 3 days it happened again. I took Citroma this time but all I got was a lot of bubbles in my stomach along with gas and cramps. No relief :(
Ive had Nexplanon for 6 months now as soon as I had my second child. I didnt get my period the first 3 months eveything was fine. Then on the 4 month started my horrible mood swings, I was sad and angry all the time. My heavy period which last me the whole entire month stops for two days and comes back for another whole month. I have really hated this experience. Getting it removed friday ! I have unprotected sex with my husband and have no problems with preganancy. So if you are willing to deal with mood swings and a long perios well then go for it. If not I do not recommend !
I have been on Yasmin for 10 years, yes 10 and I am finally getting the guts to change contraception. My periods themselves are a complete breeze, light enough, minimal cramping, but the gap between the last pill in my pack and my period actually coming is horrendous. As a teen and in my early 20s it made me really down but just for a day, one day felt like the trade-off for not getting pregnant and I accepted it, now it 's crippling migraines that effect my ability to function. Along with no sex drive. Fear of pregnancy, bad doctors and lack of education kept me suffering for years. Know your body and stand your ground. It might work for some but know when it 's not working for you!
This was my first birth control experience. I am 22 year old female with no previous history of bad acne problems. The first few months I had breakthrough bleeding and cramps during ovulation time. My periods were shorter and less painful but the mild cramps continued through the full week which they had never done before. My main complaint is that during the first month of using this bc I broke out in cystic acne all over my chin! My forehead where I used to get the occasional random pimple has completely cleared but I cannot get rid of the hormonal cystic acne on my chin. My chin is red and bumpy constantly. I would not recommend this bc.
Worked for mood stabilization but side effects were not acceptable. There were vivid and sometimes nightmares, also weight gain.
This patch made me throw up three times the first night I put it on, my boobs are getting bigger and more sensitive, and this patch makes me feel tired all the time 
I am a 18 year old girl that made a stupid mistake. My boyfriend and I never have unprotected sex but on November 3rd  we did. I got my period October 28 and I was just finishing up my period the day we had unprotected sex. We ran to get plan b about an hour after that accident. I googled everything about plan b and I saw that apparently there is a 165 pound weight limit and I am really scared cause I 'm over that. 
I have had Implanon for over a year and a half.  I like that you don 't have to think about taking a pill every day, but the constant bleeding is terrible.  I bled the first 6 weeks after having it implanted, and was ready to have it removed.  The doctor told me to hang in and it would get better.  It got a little better.  I can have a normal period for a couple of months and then start the cycle of heavy bleeding every other week with spotting in between.  The doctor prescribed birth control pills to help, but why am I doubling my hormones. I 've given up and am having it removed next week.  I think I 'm going try one of the birth control pills with only 4 periods a year.
Unlike all the other comments I have read, I work at night and drive a Truck for a living. I go to work at Midnight and drive all night and into the next day. I heard about Nuvigil and went to my Doctor and he prescribed it to me. Of course the insurance company wanted an explanation to pay for it. I haven 't had much success with it, I guess because I only take it when I have a long night ahead of me. It has worked well for me about 1 out of 5 times. I will be talking to my Doctor and see if I need to take it everyday. But, with my schedule, shift work that varys and reversing my schedule when I am not working at night on my days off, is really different than most of what I have read on here. Maybe I need to find me a day job!
I had a series of 3 injections of orthovisc in both of my knees last year and they worked great!! Pain relief after 3 weeks which lasted 3 full months. Same time of year I decided to get another series of injections, this time they did not do a thing for me. Actually I believe it made it quite worse! It 's been over 6 weeks since my last shot, I 've still yet to see anything beneficial this time around....
The following problems occur when taking Eliquis:First I want to mention that I am also on Sotalol since 2008 (taken alone no side effects) 80mg am and 40mg pm.  It seems as if most drugs that i try out have an effect on the Sotalol although the register says that there is no inteaction between those drugs. Beside it runs in the family that most of us (3) have a problem with almost any drug Eliquis:  headache, restless heartbeat,  perspiring, dizziness and physical instability, general weakness and shaky legs,etc.Generally unhappy
I am extremely annoyed I was diagnosed with HSV when I was 8. For the past 18 years I 've had breakouts on and off. First I was prescribed Famvir then Acyclovir. I haven 't had a breakout in over two years. When I unexpectedly had this recent breakout my prescription was expired. I was advised to use Abreva. It stung but helped dry up the blister but made the swelling worse. When my prescription was filled the medicine did its job. However the Abreva burned my lip and I now have a visible scar on my upper lip. I will never again use Abreva
I started on 10mg of Trintellix after a short stint of being drug free.  Previously on 10mg of Cipralex.   10mg of Trintellix didn 't give any relief from anxiety and very little if any help for depression.  I moved up to 20mg and nothing.  On to 30mg now for about 5 days.  I will give it a another couple of days and then back to Cipralex if it fails.   Apparently Trintellix has been under dosed by many GP 's.   New drug, what can you do?
I took the depo shot twice, one shot every 3 months, right after highschool. While I did not get pregnant i gained 50 pounds. I had always been a tiny person. I was 100 pounds when I graduated and after that 6 months I was 150. No change in diet and I was actually more active. AFTER I decided to get off of it I was unable to lose the weight and I didn 't get my period for 9 months and was not abe to get pregnant for a year and 9 months, which actually was failed (blighted ovum) and I finally am pregnant 2 and a half years later. All from 2 shots. My whole life I had very regular light periods.  After the shot they were random and fluctuated in flow from heavy to only spotting.  I would never recommend this birth control.
This med worked okay for me but then I get used to it and I have to increase it. I personally think that my body builds up a tolerance to it. If I take these meds late I get terrible night sweats. Coming off these meds was terrible. A GP advised me to go  'cold turkey ' and I had nausea, vomiting, so much crying, felt hot and cold and dizziness. I also had some really bizarre dreams when coming off these meds. This med along with Cymbalta is hard to come off of.
Worked great for a couple of months when I first started. I 've had ADD my entire life and have never felt clear minded for focus. At first when I started vyvanse I had no side effects, after a couple months of being on it my grades were up in school but I started getting tons of side effects from it. The most notable was the social anxiety from it and having a hard time talking to people. When I first got put on this drug I was able to hold conversations with everyone but then it made me super shy and introverted... So fast forward another 3 years I was still taking this drug and actually addicted to it. Everyday no matter the circumstances I would take anywhere from 30-90mg per day. Stay away from this medication if you are easily addicted
Experienced allergy symptoms from this (itchy eyes, sinus pain/running nose, etc.).  Also had what the doctor called an allergic reaction to the shot on my leg.  Started swelling up, and got bigger than the palm of my hand. Red, horrible looking, and it hurt to touch.
This drug worked after 5 days on my sinus infection. On the 6 day I experienced vomiting, dizziness, stomach craps, constipation, black stool, hypertension, fast beating of the heart, low energy, hives on my face, headaches, swollen eye lids, dark circles under my eyes. Day 11 after taking the last dose, still experiencing fast heart beat, swelling in my feet, hives on my face. Low energy.
I was switched to Sronyx about a year ago, and at first I didn 't notice any negative side effects... but about six months ago, my husband started to point out how mean I got when my period got closer. At first I brushed it off as PMS, but it got worse each month. In high school, before I was on the pill, I never got cramps, or had bad mood swings but now I 'm constantly doubled over from cramping, I get irritable, and I NEVER know when my period will actually start. And I would break out like crazy! (I have acne-ridden wedding pictures as proof). The only good thing is that I didn 't get pregnant.I 'm glad I 'm starting a new pill next month.
I 've been on this pill for 9 days and gained 6 Lbs. Breast tenderness, low libido, apathy, irritability, aggression, exhaustion, and clumsiness. I 'll try it for the month and hope the side effects go away.
Taking this to move my cycle over. My periods are typically 4 supersoaker days with some cramping -2 days.  My first month on this hellbent pill was constant cramping+nausea, 25 days of bleeding, and horrid mood swings, dark thoughts, deja vu and dizzy spells. Doc had me double up for the rest of this packet, now the bleeding is just sparse spots. BF is relieved to finally have sex, though it 's painful because now I have low estrogen. Begged the doc to switch me to a different pill brand.
What is with the disposable applicators?  I 'm a grown woman and can handle pushing a pill inside my own vagina.  What I can 't handle is throwing so much plastic straight into a landfill.  Vaginas don 't have to be uber-sterile.I can 't justify so much waste, so even if this stuff works well, I 'll have to try something else.  I guess the cream has a reusable applicator?
When I took Lyrica, I gained 40 lbs myself and my eyes were blurry. Once I got off of the medicine it has been still hard to lose the weight. It did work for my leg pain but the side effects were to much!
This was my first bc I had tried before. I went on it because I had very 7-8 day heavy bleeding, hormonal breakouts, bloating, and light cramps. At first I noticed no change but by the second week I began to spot a lot... this turned into a 4 MONTH nonstop period!!! I went to the doctor to but me on another additional pill to help calm down the bleeding, it did- but about a week after being off of it I started my period again! I have had the Nexplanon in for almost 9 months and its been pretty depressing... Besides the annoying spotting/bleeding all the time, I became veryy emotionally sensitive. The only cons with this is that I never gained any weight, my skin got a little bit better and its convenient! But let me say I 'm switching still!
Went in for my colonoscopy on Monday.  Was given propofol but I feel it took too long to totally put me out and I was horrified.  It felt like an out of body experience.  I remember it starting to take effect and I felt really sick, however, I could not move but remember telling them that I didn 't like how I felt,  Trust me, typing these words will never describe exactly what I went through.  No thanks, this could be a deal breaker for me when I am due to return for my next colonoscopy in 5 years, I just might decline and take my chances.  I thought I would  be given the propofol and fall right to sleep, not the case.  Just glad I woke up.
I 've tried a lot of different acne medications and some have worked for a while and then quit working, tazorac is no different. When I first started using tazorac my face was the clearest it 's ever been. Then about 3 months later my acne came back worse. Tazorac is the best treatment I 've used so far, but in the end it did not work out for me. :(
I experienced nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, drowsiness, and headaches all from the levofloxacin. I had staph in my sinuses and it feels like it 's still there. The nausea is miserable.
I had taken Abilify (Aripiprazole) for around 6 months when I decided to stop taking it. Not only is it super expensive, but I found It didn 't work for me at all. When I first started taking it I was very sedated and tired. Eventually It had no side effects on me, but no positive ones either! My mood swings were constant and my outbursts weren 't any less. Nobody in my immediate family who were aware of my BPD noticed a difference. It didn 't work for me, But it is definitely worth a try because it doesn 't have any major side effects like weight gain. Just very pricey.
The label states 12 hour relief.  It worked great for the 1st 4 1/2 hrs. Now I can 't take another dose for 12 hrs? Seriously? So what am I suppose to do? Over priced product that doesn 't seem to work. Will not be buying this again.
mixed review.at first I noticed a change in my thinking- was able to enjoy moments more- less clouded by suicidal/depressive thoughts.However after my therapist suggests we up the does to 100mg a day, things went back to usual after about 3 weeks - same fatigued, depressed state of mind - no motivation or drive to live - disassociation issues...etc.This does not mean it  may not work for others - I have a history of my body becoming  'accustomed ' to most prescribed drugs, thus my body no longer responds to them after long term consumption (even if meds are made to treat chronic problems). So if you 're lucky enough to have a body that is consistent with drugs, I do recommend sertraline. It definitely made a change for me even for only 3 weeks
I have been on Contrave for 3 weeks. I am 5&quot;5, at 155 pounds. I think I have only lost 2 pounds. I work out with a personal trainer 3x a week and usually take long walks for other days not with trainer. My doctor recommended this prescription for me because I sit at a desk 10 hours a day and am typically very hungry and unable to stop my snacking. So far, I still crave foods. Not sure when the  'appetite supressant ' part will kick in, because it still has not done that. I have not noticed much differences so I will give it a little more time (until I finish the entire bottle supply) before asking DR. to change me to something else.
I 've had my Mirena for 4 months now. I 'm 26 and have never had a child or been pregnant. My periods prior to using any hormonal birth control, my periods were always inconsistent and sometimes heavy. My gyno recommended switching me to an IUD since I have no desire for children in the future. The insertion process was extremely painful for me. I had awful cramps for a week after I got it. I even had to get the dr to write me a prescription for pain medication so that I could tolerate going to work. I consider myself someone that can tolerate a high amount of physical pain but getting the Mirena put in it was a terrible experience. I do not want another one after the 5 years is up.
I 've been on this pill for 3 months and I 'm not very moody. I gained weight and I sleep way more than I usually do. My skin also worsened. I am more emotional and I 'm dry, so I don 't have a sex drive like I used too. My breasts didn 't get tender or anything, but this caused my period to completely stop altogether. I get a little bit of spotting, but it 's not bad.
Oh man. First shot was great, only minimal bleeding. The second shot, however, increased my acne, caused mood swings, caused lots of breakthrough bleeding (especially after sex and during intense exercise) and worst of all made sex painful!!! That 's definitely not a side effect you see listed. I have a sex drive but no matter how wet I get, when he puts it in its like a burning sensation and it burns afterwards too. Wish it worked out because I love that it is no effort only every three months
I am a 21 year old female, and losing so much hair so quickly was EXTREMELY agitating and quite depressing. I have always had very thin hair but I never expected to have bald spots by such a young age. After many Doctor visits they told me I had acquired a fungal scalp infection! I was devastated...DO NOT SHARE TOWELS, COMBS, HAIR BRUSHES, HATS WITH ANYONE!  After a month of anti fungal medicine my Doctor prescribed me Minoxodil. 
+1000 to all the other ladies with fire ants currently residing in their nether regions. I 've been battling a yeast infection for a month and on the recommendation of my doctors office am trying monostat 7 for the first time. Five minutes after inserting it I literally leaped from my bed, ran to my bathroom, and started itching my vagina like a mad woman. It 's the most gutteral instinct I 've ever had. Thanks to these reviews though I 'm gutting it out with my teeth grinding and laying flat in bed praying for the fire to die down. Godspeed to all of you. I hope days two and three aren 't this bad...
I have had hypothyroidism since 1999 and battled weight my whole life. I recently put on 20 pounds over this last winter as I suffer from winter depression and do not get any activity in my life. My docotr has never prescribed Contrave before and decided to have me try it. I started it 6 days ago at 217.6 pounds - today I am at 215.0 - to date I have not noticed any side effects but I also have not noticed any decrease in my appetite. I am hoping the appetite decreases as my dosage increases. My insurance covers this and I am only paying $40. There is also a discount card on the Contrave website if you do not have insurance.
I started zoloft after months of bad panic episodes.  I was previously on celexa, but I did not feel it was working anymore.   I started on 50mg 's and have worked up to 100mg.  I have had all the side effects people talk about.  Insomnia, shakiness, fast heart beat etc.  I 've been on that dose for almost 3 weeks now and my anxiety is still very high.  I take klonopin .5mg at night to sleep and another .5mg in the day if I absolutely have to have it.  I 'm still waiting for that switch that everyone is talking about.  Not sure if I need to increase the dose or ride it out. I feel terrible right now.  I meditate and try breathing excercises, but I still feel awful.  I need some reassurance please...
I started Seasonique in September of last year. The first 3 month pack worked awesome for me, my acne cleared up, my cramps from Endometriosis diminished, and I only had 1 period in 3 months with no break through bleeding or spotting. However, in week 5 of my second pack I started spotting, a week after that I was bleeding like a regular menstrual cycle.  Also my cramps became more severe and I developed tremendous pain in my lower back.  I have been bleeding for the past 6 weeks since I first noticed the spotting and my cramps have come back in full force.  After reading some of the reviews on this website I feel a little better but I suppose my case is a rare and extreme reaction because I haven 't seen anything too close in comparison.
I 'm nearing the end of the second month on this pill. First of all this pill does its job which is the only reason it got a 3. I am terribly emotional and I feel sick 3/4 weeks of the month. The only time I don 't feel at least a little off is when I take the brown pills to have my period. I 've also experienced horrible leg pains and aches. I 've been throwing up for the past 2 days and ever since starting I 've gotten horrible acne. I 'm going to try one more month and if no change I 'm talking to my doc about switching bc!!
I started taking LoLo after having been off birth control for almost a year. I stopped taking birth control to simply let my body reset because I 'm 31 and have been taking it since I was 16. After less than a month of being on this medication, I feel extremely weak, tired, cloudy headed and at night- nauseous. Plus I 've gained over 15 pounds with major bloating! My eating habits haven 't changed, nor has my lifestyle choices. I 'm not going to continue the prescription and am going to ask my doctor for a new option. I know everyone is different, but I didn 't have a good reaction to these at all.
I suffer from anxiety/depression decided to go to the doctor after sometime being that I just couldn 't handle it anymore without some kind of meds. They started me on 20 mg which seemed to help but not quite to 100% yet! She then had me take 30 mg for a week and bumped it up to 40 mg but honestly it 's to much I literally feel like I 'm just &quot;there&quot; I feel physically exhausted it 's a bad feeling and I 'm still dealing with day to day anxiety but definitely not as bad as it was. I 'm going to go back to 20 mg till I see my doctor again. Hate this awful feeling I have almost like a zombie it 's like my brain is in a fog or something. I 'm hoping she can add something to it I definitely can 't go any higher then 20 mg
This medication works for me for a few hours, most of the time, when I get in a bind and HAVE to leave the house but I experience a wicked backlash of increased diarrhea for days after the one dose wears off.
I have social anxiety disorder and panic attacks. I have been on Xanax for about 12 years, and it was a lifesaver. My new psych dr gave me 0.5 mg of Klonopin and it isn 't helping at all. 
On day 4 with no relief. I have had sinusitis now for 4 weeks. I first got prescribed Amoxicillin 800 which seemed to knock out the infection after just a few days on it. No side effects with amoxicillin. 5 days after completing my antibiotics the symptoms quickly came back but worse this time. Now on this antibiotic - severe head aches which linger all day, severe nausea, loss of appetite which has led me to not eat as much and lost 4 pounds in 2 days. Extremely sleepy all through out the day. Almost wish I never tried this antibiotic!
Been on Adalat for the winter period started off good but after 2 months my left leg and ankle swelled and itched like crazy felt like dozens of bees stinging my leg.  I knocked the Adalat off and it was OK doctor has now put me on Naftidrofuryl going to try but looks as though there 's other side effect 's with these tablets but give them a go. Anyone had a re-action with these capsules .
I have mild atopic and have been using this ointment for over a week applying twice a day. Have felt less itchy however no changes on my skin has cleared up. Since I 'm dark skin the spots are actually getting darker which is strange. Don 't know what all the hype was with this drug but so far I am not impressed. Going to complete the treatment and post my verdict then.
As far as effectiveness, I did not get pregnant while taking this medication. However, I experienced so many side effects I eventually stopped taking it and switched back to Ortho-tri-lo. I experienced problems with mood swings, irritability, anxiety (racing heart and anxious feelings for no reasons), depression, cramps, spotting, headaches, decreased sex drive, weight gain, breast/nipple tenderness and vaginal irritation. All of these are side effects I had never experienced with Ortho, so I switched back and have little to no side effects. It definitely was not worth the money saved because it made me feel like a crazy person and I really did not have control over my emotions, I would experience all extremes especially anger and crying.
With Prednisolone 75mg 3 tablets for five days and Levofloxacin 500 mg one capsule for 15 days my bronchitis severity is much less but sudden spasms of cough continueNot returned to feeling normal
I am more than half way through the starter pack and have been vomiting almost daily.  I have had no major breakthrough in pain either.  I was so hoping this was the miracle I was waiting for.
This patch was not very useful to me. All it did was irritate my skin and cause a huge loss in appetite. While on this, however, I lost no weight. 
I have recently reviewed the side effects associated with this medication and have found I have experienced quite a few of them. To my dismay, and my overall naiveness, these have contributed to some of the most uncomfortable and embarrassing situations. First and foremost, I had to have cataracts removed from both eyes just two years ago. Then there are the two bouts of pneumonia, the most recent was double pneumonia. Weight gain nearly impossible to control, swelling of feet and lower legs is becoming far too frequent these days, numbness in the extremities, rashes have been getting even worse than they have been in a while, suffered through shingles, eczema, and other strange and sundry skin maladies. I 've been on it too long, obviously.
Avoid this drug at all costs!  I took it to bring down my prolactin levels which it did but I had some extreme side effects.  Severe depression, fatigue, lack of motivation just to name a few.
Hello you guys, the last time I shared my experience was 10/26/2017. I had lost 8lbs after being on them less than 2 weeks. I was doing great with minor side affects until I got to the last day of the 3rd week. OMG!!! I had the worse allergic reaction to this medication, even benadryl couldn 't help. I began itching and broke out into hives and rashes all over my body! I took benadryl for 5 days, I took oatmeal baths, I even applied benadryl cream. The itching was so horrible, it felt as though my skin was on FIRE! I thought about going to the hospital, but I decided to stick it out until my doctor 's appointment last Thursday, November 9, 2017. Contrave wasn 't for me! I wouldn 't DARE take it again!
Warning: it does not necessarily take 6-12 hours for this medication to work. Less than an hour after taking 2 of the dulcolax pink pills, the effects began. I have been in the bathroom every 10-20min for the past 4 hours. I recommend taking this medication when you have zero plans or zero intention of getting any sleep. On the plus side, tomorrow might be a really great day to wear those jeans that are just a little bit too tight, surely I 've lost a couple pounds between these incredibly frequent bathroom trips.
I am 21 years old and I started taking my first birth control pill ever (Minastrin) in late January 2015. The first month I took this pill I was extremely emotional. It 's now just over 6 months later and I have had stomach cramps/pain as well as bleeding of all sorts of colors for the entire month. My boyfriend and I were so convinced I was pregnant because of all the symptoms and side effects associated with this pill. I never have a cramp a day in my life until I started this pill and now along with the cramps comes bleeding and horrible stomach pain. Anything that causes such differences in your daily life and this much stress is not worth it. I am starting a new pill tomorrow thankfully
I had this thing put in a year ago, and I am getting it out asap.  I fell depressed all the time, dont want to socialize, or have sex.  it pokes my husband and I feel pain when I do certain sexual positions.  I have hair growing from all parts of my body.dont get me wrong its great not to worry about getting pregnant for 5 years, but what the point of having it in and getting all these weird symptoms.  I have enough kids and I think getting my tubes tied.Got luck to other users who dont have a problem, as for me its a goner!!!
My nexplanon was inserted 4 months ago. I hate it! It prevents pregnancy however the rest is horrible. I have gained so much weigh plus my period last a month then a two week break then another month long period. I 'm having mine taken out.
I 'm on Latuda, the side effects are very irritating and scary! This time my RIGHT leg has that very unbearable (hard to explain) feeling, I fell asleep a lot at work, right in the middle of me writing something, I stumbled around and thinking it will be better if I took it at night, it WASN 'T! I woke up at 1am, having EXTREME panic attacks, overthinking EVERYTHING and just have these terrible, horrifying thoughts! I got outta bed and slipped, fell down the stairs and hurt my arm and knee! I also drooled a lot and had no appetite for 3 months!! But on the other side, it makes me calmer/happier and confident about things, but I can 't stand the side effects!!
I have been taking Monodox with Epiduo (a topical acne creme) for a little less than a month and it has helped clear up most of my big pimples but I have not seen much improvement in the small under the skin bumps. I expected to see better results by now but I am trying to be patient and give it a few months to work before I completely write it off.
I had a horrible side effects following 14 days on pill. It brought on anxiety and panic attacks as well as insomnia. I did lose weight (about 10 lbs) which continued even 2 months after (now 15 lbs). Two months later I am having horrible stomach issues (going to specialist to rule out IBS or something else).
Diarrhea , nausea, insomnia, muscle aches, restless leg syndrome
I 've been on it for 6 days now and I feel the same as I did before.  This is my first time taking it for a sinus infection.  I guess it doesn 't work for me.
I started on 50mg and I took it for about 2 months then I missed a week due to vacation and forgetting to bring them with me.  Now I 'm achy all the time, very dizzy, feel sick after eating anything no matter how mild, my back is the most achy.  I think its my body trying to get used to the drug again but I didn 't feel this way the first time I started.  I don 't really know what is going on but I 'm tired all the time and that is definitely not helping the depression.
I had the Liletta put in July (almost 3 months ago) with the initial insertion a sharp and intense pain. I had about a week of intense pressure or cramp-like symptoms. I have had a constant light period, acne on my forehead (which I never have had) and weight gain.. I 'm not sure if this IUD is best suited for me at this point. I will call my doctor and ask her opinion.
This medication made me extremely nauseous and caused disturbing nightmares.  It helped with the pain.
Here 's the deal.  Yes - I lost weight.  At first, it was great!  I exercise on top of it, so I noticed pretty quickly.  At the same time, I was eating ... just making better choices and not so ravenous.  The side effects started right away and were mild in the beginning - but then - 6 months into it - they were terrible ... I just recently stopped because I couldn 't take it.  My insomnia was the worse ... I would wak up @ 300 and not be able to fall asleep again, and the depression!!!  OMG ... I didn 't realize I was kind of getting more and more deep.  But I was also convinced that the medicine had to be taken - I HAD to keep losing weight!!  Dry mouth, heart palpitations (with chest pain)-would like this last year back!! It 's not worth it!
I have been using Advare for 10  years &amp; my doctor decided to switch me up. I have been feeling weak, having headaches, dizzy &amp; like my vision is not tracking with my eyes. Also I have been EXTREMELY sensitive to light ever since I started taking this. Called my Dr today &amp; begged them to put me back on Advare.
I was prescribed Nucynta 100mg IR and 150mg ER.  I have been taking Oxycodone 10mg and tramadol for break through pain.  I was on Percocet but developed resistance, and then my PM doctor added the Nucynta. Nucynta is EXCELLENT as it took most of my pain away. Bad part of it is that the Nucynta made me nauseous, gave me headaches and made me feel wired.  I also experienced palpitations and anxiety. Nucynta worked really well, its just the side effects outweighed the pain relief.  Anyone else have the same reactions?
Have recently started back on QVAR after having stopped due to gastritis which was probably  caused by beta-blocker/aspirin and 2bd blood thinner, for my heart attack which turned out not to be one in the first instance but remained on these meds for months until MRI confirmed otherwise - myocarditis.Respiratory specialist states 60% fine mist particles lodge in the lungs with QVAR, the other 40% probably into my gut which is causing me nausea plus headaches and fungal infected fingers (2).   Am back to trying an evening one single dose through spacer, rinsing mouth and hoping I my body will adapt to these side effects.    Has anyone got any suggestions or thoughts?  I 'm immune suppressed with PMR 18+ months on steroids, now tapering.
I 've been on this birth control for over 7 months now and I don 't have much good to say. While it has been 100% effective for me as a contraceptive, the side effects have not been easy to handle. During the first 3 month pack, I gained 7 pounds, had breast tenderness, nausea, headaches everyday, acne, spotting and a never resting appetite. That was 3 months straight. Now at 7 months, I have lost all the weight I gained, I only have occasional headaches, no nausea, and no spotting. But the acne is still here and absolutely horrible! I 've never had acne before I started using this birth control and now it 's all over my face and not going away with anything! I 'll hopefully be switching at my next yearly exam.
Hello you guys, the last time I shared my experience was 10/26/2017. I had lost 8lbs after being on them less than 2 weeks. I was doing great with minor side affects until I got to the last day of the 3rd week. OMG!!! I had the worse allergic reaction to this medication, even benadryl couldn 't help. I began itching and broke out into hives and rashes all over my body! I took benadryl for 5 days, I took oatmeal baths, I even applied benadryl cream. The itching was so horrible, it felt as though my skin was on FIRE! I thought about going to the hospital, but I decided to stick it out until my doctor 's appointment last Thursday, November 9, 2017. Contrave wasn 't for me! I wouldn 't DARE take it again!
I had to stop taking Flomax because it made my sinuses completely clogged. I could not sleep because I had to keep my mouth open to breathe, which caused dry mouth and sore throat. Never got any sleep on it. It also caused retrograde ejaculation, where the semen goes back into the bladder instead of out the end of the penis. The short time I was on it helped the urination a little but, but not a lot.
I got the birth control in March 2015 and it is now almost June 2015. I have either been spotting with cramps 90% of the time. The only good thing about it is it prevents me from getting pregnant... Really hate this stuff.
I seem to have a different experience with it than most people. I 've only been given the injectable form in an IV while in the hospital before 2-3 times, in a fair degree of pain on each occasion. While it did work well for a short time, maybe 45min, I not only burned through it far faster than I did other pain medicines, but I got a nasty side effect of a truly horrific headache each time.
Doxepin does not help me fall asleep. It does help me stay asleep. I suffer from anxiety and depression and that 's why I can 't sleep. To those people who have experienced extreme tiredness the next day this also happens to me even though I take it as the manufacturer suggest for Sleep maintenance which is to take on a completely empty stomach 3 hours after a meal. Otherwise the onset is delayed even further. By several hours leading to next day sedation even more. Even when taking the proper way it has a 15-hour half-life which can still leave you tired and groggy the next day which I also experience even taking it correctly.
This medicine has me really confused.  My 7 yr old has ADHD and usually has really good control on meds.  Concerta always worked really well, but we couldn 't go any higher on the dose.  Everything else wares off before he is home from school .  We tried the Daytrana to see if he would have some control through the bus ride home.  The confusing part is, it 's helping a lot with the hyperactivity, but not at all with focus.  He 's actually always done well in school, but now his teacher says he just wanders around the classroom.  Any one else ever had this experience?
I had the nexplanon inserted because the IUD literally fell out of me. Found it in my boyfriends bed. No idea how that happened and my Dr recommended this alternative. It did not hurt being put in and for thirteen months I felt at ease,  no period,  no side effects. It was great. Around the thirteen month mark,  I got my first period. It was heavy,  with all the terrible side effects. This went on for three months..  Non stop heavy bleeding,  I was hormonal,  angry,  in pain,  acne,  ten pound weight gain...it was terrible. My doctor put me on some estrogen pills and it worked but my breasts were extremely tender where it hurt to move. Finally after three months of this, it was removed. The bleeding stopped. I feel normal again!
Hate it never getting another shot I 've had two and I 'm not getting my next one I 'm continuously spotting then bleeding and when I have sex there 's no sex drive like I have to force myself to do it I hate it never again
Lawd! This stuff is ghastly!  Barely got the 1st dose down with some minor gagging, but then the gas, cramps and bloating started. After 30 minutes it was working so that was good because I vomited almost all of the 2nd dose. This is my 4th colonoscopy and by far the worst. I will find another prep next time.
Have been on this medication for over a year. The first 6 months I never really had any issues. My periods were a bit lighter and the cramping had improved significantly. After six months of use I started to get very nauseous because of this medication. I take it before going to bed and about 6 hours later I would wake up and be throwing up for a few minutes. About 20 min to half hour I would usually be ok. Some days though I relied on anti-nausea tablets just to be able to get a little bit of food in me. I continued to take it but now I 'm getting an IUD so I can finally abandon this pill
Makes me really sleepy, my mood is OK, but to sleepy
Like Ambien, it 's good for a solid four hours but then I wake up totally unable to go back to sleep without taking another dose.  It 's good if you only need help getting to sleep.
I had my first child at 18 got the Implanon exactly 6 1/2 weeks after having my son. I have bled evey day since the day having it put in. I 'm not sure if my young age has anything to do with it or not but I 'm considering having it removed. But on the plus side it 's the only protection we use and I haven 't had anything close to a pregnancy scare so it is very effective..
I had pretty severe side effects related to this medicine (I have no known problems with medications, so this was unusual). Symptoms did not appear until MONTHS of taking this medication.Side effects included: heart palpitations (like a &quot;fight or flight&quot; response...frequently, without cause) nausea, and overall tiredness (my body felt heavy), depression. It took me a long time to figure out this was due to this drug. It was a really terrible few months for me. Side effects stopped within 2-4 weeks after discontinuing this medication.On the plus side, this medicine was the most effective for my acne. My skin really cleared up tremendously. Not worth it though.
@Colbak - I too had the sling surgery. It took care of the laughing, coughing, etc. accidents. I had difficulty emptying my bladder. I couldn 't sit to urinate, I had to squat like a linebacker. I had to go pee every 30 minutes. And when I had to go, I went from no urge to running and barely getting my pants down. My urologist said that I could a. Have the injection. b. Have bladder snipped to &quot;undo&quot; the surgery. Or c. Go to a dr. in Pittsburgh (close to me) and have a pacemaker type device put in. I got the injection a little over a week ago. The first day I was really crampy. Now, I can 't fully empty and its getting worse everyday. I thought it was a UTI ,but now I have to self cath. I also go (trickle) every 15 min. Grrr! Hope this helps!
This medicine was effective in curing a UTI during pregnancy but it was also effective as causing upset stomach and vomiting. I am allergic to penicillin and had no allergic reactions to Keflex but it did cause me to feel very ill by the second pill of the day.  I took this medicine 3x a day for 8 days and by the second day, I knew we would have stomach issues. I took plenty of probiotics but it 's just a very powerful medicine.
I started zoloft after months of bad panic episodes.  I was previously on celexa, but I did not feel it was working anymore.   I started on 50mg 's and have worked up to 100mg.  I have had all the side effects people talk about.  Insomnia, shakiness, fast heart beat etc.  I 've been on that dose for almost 3 weeks now and my anxiety is still very high.  I take klonopin .5mg at night to sleep and another .5mg in the day if I absolutely have to have it.  I 'm still waiting for that switch that everyone is talking about.  Not sure if I need to increase the dose or ride it out. I feel terrible right now.  I meditate and try breathing excercises, but I still feel awful.  I need some reassurance please...
My acne got worse and so did my moods.The only thing that was good about it is I was less hungry. I wouldn 't recommend it for acne, but for birth control I would.
I used this product once before and was fine. Took care of the infection with almost no burning at all.  A few months later I got another yeast infection, so naturally I bought what worked before. Just help me. What ensued was a trip I wish I had never embarked on. I inserted the pill a few hours before bed time and felt no pain or burning. Upon sitting down to pee after an hour of having the ovule in I noticed a ton of discharge had appeared from the &ldquo;less mess ovule&rdquo;I cleaned myself up and continued on getting ready for bed. I sat down and THE BURNING AND ITCHING BEGAN. I couldn&rsquo;t sit still. IT HAS NOT STOPPED FOR THE LAST HOUR. I have tried washing it off and attempting to scoop some out. I read the reviews and ignored. HEED THE PROPHECY !!!
I 've been using Yaz since July. First box, I have tonnes of side effects. I had a nausea, I was feeling very weak, I was fatigue and super sleepy all the time. After two weeks, nausea was gone. I has irregular bleeding which was gone on the third box. i gained 2kg, but I am not sure it 's really related to Yaz. However, since from the first day, I am definitelly in a depression. I tend to cry without a reason a lot. I am super anxious about very little things. I definitely overreact emotionally. I am feeling hopeless and so on. After I am sure this depression which came with Yaz is not going, my doctor gave me other one which I will start soon.
Must of been allergic,  made me itch
Spintec isn 't making me have  mood swings or depressed but I 've only been on it for three weeks and I 've already gained 15 pounds and had really bad acne and dry skin which I never had before !
The first dosage of Suprep went down ok at 4 PM. Not pleasant but not horrific. I thought, what is everyone complaining about this is a breeze. Then I got to the second dosage at 10 PM (per my doctor 's orders) and gagged from the taste. Ultimately I threw up and had to call the doctor on call. I just had to take an alternative product, magnesium citrate OTC. 
terrible pain continuously in shoulder arm neck legs macroBid side effects crying because of severity of pain depressing pain hope i am not permanately damaged bymacroBid will report to GP feelings of DOOM
Cipro worked the first time I got a urinary tract infection but has become less effective with each successive one. This time my doctor gave me an injection of Rocephin followed by a 15 day (twice a day) treatment of Doxycycline.
I 've only had my first shot. The first month was okay. I was always hungry, severe backaches &amp; headaches, and few hot flashes. I got my cycle a week or so late. I 'm in my 2nd month and I 've been having really bad cramps, constant bleeding, and diarrhea. No weight gain, at least not yet.
I been taking this medication and no work out and I 'm gaining weight I don 't eat anything but healthy foods what do I need to do
This antibiotic made my heart race so much that I didn 't sleep the first night. Called my doctor the next day and he changed the medicine because that side effect wasn 't one that I could live with.
Few days ago I shared my experience  after taking ella one, &amp; was waiting for it to work. So I got my period  yesterday, on day 23 of my cycle. Which is a good  thing although  was really  painful-  I really suffered a lot of cramps after taking the pill. I think its better to use condoms  next time rather than  making any mistakes and regretting later on. This pill depends basically  on your period finishing date and the day you have unprotected  sex..
I got positive results after the first tablet.  I stayed with the medication for two weeks but had to discontinue use due to constipation.  In fact the constipation was so bad in the second week I was giving myself enemas to get relief.  
I had the implanon inserted over a year ago.I gained 8kgs in less than 6 months,I always had the perfect skin but the implanon causes me to have spots everyday.I have irregular bleeding sometimes 2 - 3 weeks at a time and I am heavily bloated all the time.I am very emotional and sometimes just get angry over nothing.I get bad back pains and pains in my legs .I have been heavily dieting for the past 3 months even using duromine to help me,which makes me feel worse.I have lost only 2.8kgs in 3 weeks.The implanon is definitely effective and I really don 't want to fall pregnant.I suffer from severe anxiety and I am afraid the anxiety will get worse if I remove it.I suffered for at least 4 months to overcome some of the anxiety symptoms
Junk !! Sticks to itself,  slightly takes away pain! More of a mess than other lidoderm or lidocaine patches! Mess trying to remove backing, it sticks to itself, rolls up &amp; doesn 't stick well after the goop is absorbed! Junk junk junk!
I had the Implanon in for all three years (5/2009-3/3012). It was pretty terrible though. My hair fell out, I developed asthma and chronic bronchitis, and I had terrible cramps and bleeding twice a month. My doctors initially thought I had developed lupus (I didn 't, I 've been tested every six months for the last three years). I went from running 5 miles/day to not being able to hold a conversation without needing an inhaler. The removal was also awful. I never got pregnant though.
Hi. I have been on methotrexate 10 pills once a week and embrel injection 50mg  once a week and now added Lyrica 50 mg 2 x a day. Told I have RA, and fibromyalgia. But even with these great meds I feel bad. From my waist to botton of my feet I hurt so. I do see my legs are swelling so very large and skin gets tight it hurts to walk. I dont know what else to do. I work and am on my feet all day. I go up and down the stairs at home I try to get extra walks in going around the blocks. But it hurts too bad. Im very tolerant to pain but this is to the point of no return. I feel bad for my family that maybe I 'm a burden. And if I feel this way now how will I feel if I 'd ever need some one to help me with everyday chores and hygiene. They may not see
I 've had it in for almost 2 years and have bled pretty much constantly in that time! I 've put on 15kg. I 'm moody lazy and bloated all the time. My life is horrible since having it. I have tried to have it removed 3 times now but Dr keep saying just wait a few more months things will settle. Mmm not likely. I will be changing Dr and having it removed
I switched from orsynthia to kariva due to painful sex. I was cautious to try it seeing all the bad reviews but I 'm glad I read them considering I had many of the same problems. First of all, your period SHOULD come during the first two days of the placebo week, that didn 't happen. I got my period at the very end of the week each time with bad cramps. Flow wasn 't terrible still kind of heavy for birth control though. I also didn 't like was how many headaches I would get; at least 3-4 a week. I would also feel very foggy and tired all the time. My appetite has definitely changed on this also, I would constantly want to eat all the junk food I could find. Didn 't gain much weight but still. Boobs also got bigger. I 'm changing back to orsynthia!
Been on it for 20 days. No difference in hunger except for about 1 week. No weight loss!
poisonous taste in mouthcan 't sleepexcessive sweating
Hi had mine removed after 18 months. Although it is effective the side affects are awful. Extreme fatigue!! Was the worst, instantly felt myself again after having it removed. Put on weight but only because I had no energy. I got really bad deep spots something which I had never suffered from before, some which left scars on my face. I also bled randomly, although it very light it was most days. I had bled for 3 weeks straight when I had it out. I 'd never use it again.
I began taking Yasmin when it first came out i.e. around 1999 or so for irregular periods. My PCP recommended birth control, and after researching them all I chose Yasmin as it touted the fact that the Progestin (drospirenone) contained a diuretic. After a few months I started having anxiety, insomnia, and eventually horrible depression. On the upside, because the drospirenone is an anti-androgenic progestin, my hair grew incredibly long and thick and stupid vanity kept me on it. On balance, I would not suggest this pill as a form of birth control for anyone. I eventually gained 15 lbs after a couple of years of use, and was an emotional wreck which impacted my career. My hormones never really returned to normal after stopping it either.
I 've had nexplanon for about a year. I HATE IT. I 've had trouble sleeping (too much sleeping) weight gain, constantly having &quot;periods&quot; and I 've been Extremely moody.. I want it out but I 've had the pill, shot and now this. It 's NOT worth it. I just want to feel normal again.
have been taking them for two days now and have seen no change in my cough, especially at night, I coughed all night.tempted to go to the drugstore tomorrow and ask for something they can recommend.I think tonight I am going to take something else.
I 've taken Apri for about 2 years and I loved it at first! I was on Yaz before but it was getting way to expensive so I switched. My face has cleared up but I still break out often and on Yaz I was completely acne free. My sex drive has vanished along with when I am in the mood I have horrid vaginal dryness and I 've gained weight in my lower parts. However, my cup size is now much bigger.
I 've been taking the generic version of this drug for about 4 months. Gradually, I 've been feeling more and more depressed and hopeless. I have no history of depression or any emotional issues, and just yesterday I couldn 't get myself off the floor to leave the house. I 've also gained weight, have an increase in body hair, and my sex drive is completely gone. I 'm 28, far from puberty or menopause. The only good thing about the pill is my period are extremely light, sometimes it doesn 't even come at all. I am switching immediately to a lower hormone pill because the depression is now interfering with my life and relationships and I know it 's not normal. I am a student and my insurance completely covers it.
I have taken Zyrtec or the over the counter with a similar name like Walzyr, anyway, other than a rare occasional large hive, and probably due to missing a dose.  I have been great.  But I got this idea (to save more money) that I should have the doctor prescribe citirizine generic.  You would think that would be OK, but I have been broke out in fine hives and a few welts.  Also some spots that are a little dry like my eczema.   My skin has never ITCHED this extremely.  First I had it on upper right arm. WHICH HAS FINALLY RECOVERED, BUT... It continues to move and I break out, all over the last 26 to 28 days. I am switching back to the drug I used before. We will see if it a medication issue.  Wish me luck!
I suffered a compression fracture at L2, and I have had a failed posterior lumbar interbody fusion at L4 five and L5 S one. I am disabled and only want a life that is worth living. My New pain management physician started me early this week on Nucynta ER 100 mg every 12 hours, and for break through pain to take oxycodone acetaminophen 10/325 four times daily. I 'm not getting much relief from the Nucynta ER 100 mg. I am very disappointed. I will consult with my doctor to see what he feels I should do. I am so unhappy with our government, that is harassing people that are 10 times more educated than they are, on &quot;proper prescribing behavior&quot; for the treatment of chronic pain. This is a disgrace to the USA!
I found the weight loss experience to be excellent.  HOWEVER, this Rx is so dangerous, that after 3 weeks I ended up with a first time ever serious gout episode with permanent tophi on my fingers, and also kidney stones.  Finally, after stopping, I continued some weight loss, but also became seriously depressed, and fatigued.... This is NOT a good idea unless you are already at risk for death from your obesity.
I 've been using this pill now for about a month . My mood has changed drastically. I 'm always depressed, most of the time I Wana  cry, it makes me feel really nervous , and I can 't stand most people, feeling stressed. I lost few lbs which is a good thing and it controls my weight since I have hormonal imbalance. But I hope to get off this pill asap
When I started taking Cymbalta it took only a few days for it to kick in.  It worked great for my anxiety and depression, but did nothing for arthritis pain. The only side effect I had was extremely difficult urination.  I had to discontinue the medication.
It  'sort of ' worked for the first few months after my diagnosis, but I was still having symptoms of blood about every other day. The only side effect was some increased hair loss (very noticeable to me, but not to others). It 's kind of messy and uncomfortable, terribly awkward if you are sharing a bed with someone, and you are supposed to lay still for awhile after you take it, which is a problem for an insomniac. I switched medications to Canasa when I was going to be traveling for a month because a month 's supply of Rowasa would have taken up half my suitcase. Canasa ended up working MUCH better and my symptoms were mostly gone a few months after I switched.
I reaally wanted to like this Bc, as I 've been off for a few years as depo made my bones thin, but it 's only the 13th day and I my breasts are so sore have to wear a bra all the time- and I 'm a tiny gal! I 'm used to being moody the day before my menses, but I 've been moody for the whole week on this- and my period has gone on for way more. I 'm going back to what worked- eating healthy, exercise and condoms.
This is my second time using Lamisil. No problems the first time. Within first 5 days I developed progressive rash-starting on feet, then legs, arms, and trunk. Discontinued after day 13.
I haven 't been on Topiramate very long, only a couple of months.  Started taking it for RLS (restless leg syndrome).  I was really surprised to see that it is sometimes used as a weight loss medicine. I didn 't really notice any difference in my appetite.  However, my last visit to doctor did show that I 've lost 5lbs.  I don 't like the tingling, crawling skin sensation side effect.  That went away after a few days.
I got the IUD only one week ago, so I 'm guessing it 's too soon to post and will update when more time passes. The insertion was very painful to me. I cried a little and then it was over. However the real pain has been for the past 7 days since insertion. I have terrible cramps and major mood swings. I am also spotting and truly haven 't had any desire to have sex with my boyfriend because I 've been in so much pain. I will be  giving it 2 more weeks but I can 't withstand so much more of this pain. I 'm 28 years old and I 'm an attorney so it 's pretty disruptive to be in a meeting with a client when I 'm cringing because of the pain. As of now, I truly regret this decision...
On day 3 of these antibiotics as was previously given 2 weeks doxycycline but didnt work.Disgusting taste mouth, tired, weak but think doing something...the crackling in my left chest is slowly lessening and coughing more as i didnt have a cough  stubborn phlemgn and noises chest on breathing..temp up n then down.
I had been using the implant for 5 years as it was much easier than taking a pill and was known to be effective. In the first year of using this I had no period whatsoever and thought this was great! However for the remaining 4 years of using this I suffered with constantly bleeding. It was not always heavy but there was rarely ever a day when I was not spotting or could not wear a pad. This proved very difficult with dating and relationships as I was never off my period and sex was pretty much always off the cards. The Implant caused me to suffer with the most crippling depression and anxiety and I had counselling for this (all gone now since its removal)? a weight gain of 50 pounds or more which would never budge. Please don 't get this!!
I had implanon inserted in July 2009 and chose to have it removed in January 2011. About a year (the 1st year was GREAT) after having this birth control, if there was a side effect I had it. From weight gain to month long periods with only a week in between. All side effects include acne (which I only had at the beginning of a menstrual cycle before), hair loss, bad mood swings, depression, weight gain, migraines, stomach problems, excessive bleeding. Try it out and if it works for you then that is great, but if after a while you notice side effects, pay attention.
I was on Yaz for 4 years, and I loved it. My insurance stopped covering the brand name, so I got switched to Gianvi, and it is not the same. My skin isn 't as great as it was with Yaz, though there 's still not much acne. I 've been gaining weight (about 15 pounds over a year), and I crave carbs way more than I did before. I 've also gotten very dry all over, from my eyes (I can 't wear contacts anymore) to my mouth, from my regular skin to my genitals (it 's been making sex rather uncomfortable). I 'm switching to Nuvaring in hopes that a lower-dose birth control will help alleviate these symptoms.
I would say that this isnt for everyone. I gave it a shot in September 15, since with regular pills I was forgetting to take them and having something in your arm and not having to worry about, seemed fantastic. I have constant spotting. Nothing bad but would like to not worry about ruining underwear. My mood has been a little more &quot;sassy&quot; as my boyfriend class it. My acne though has gone down a ton, amazing on that part. Sadly, I 'm hungry more. Eat a full meal at 7pm then 30 min later I 'm starving again, makes no sense since I 'm not gaining any weight either. I 'm even hungry now typing this. I 'm so so on the nexplanon.
This was my first birth control medication and I had a pretty rough time with it. I thought it would help clear up my acne. I didn 't have acne issues whatever before taking this medication and it just completely made me break out like never before. Also, I 'm not much of an emotional person at all and had major mood swings and sometimes depression. Yes, it did serve it 's purpose by preventing pregnancy, it did help regulate my period, and my cramps weren 't as bad, however my face is literally a pepperoni face. I just got off of it 2 weeks ago and my face is starting to clear up and I 'm not moody anymore. For a 19 year old college student, you definitely don 't want to have acne and mood swings. I would not recommend taking this AT ALL.
I have been taking this medication since December 14th 2011 for Endometriosis that I was diagnosed with on December 7th 2011. After the first couple of days the nausea started, so I started taking it at night. That was a little better at first. Then my legs started having severe restlessness and pain... It was so bad a couple of times that I almost had to go to the ER.  I am now just feeling generally ill. I stopped taking it 2 days ago. Also, I had a tubal and endometrial ablation in 2009 so I 'm not taking it for periods or pregnancy. 
Week 1- sore throat. Bruising not healed.Weak 2-5: major mood swings, irritability, cramping, spotting to full on period (2 weeks), acne.
I only used this product for a few days, I had to quit because not only did it dry out my skin but my eyes would dry out in my sleep and I couldn 't open them. Not a good feeling!
Hello everybody,i gave this med good 15 weeks to do its job but it never delivered actually. Social anxiety went down quite noticeably, but only as a result of unnatural sedation or rather &quot;robotisation&quot;. I almost missed being &quot;pumped up&quot; by social situations (quite absurd as it sounds), so empty was this &quot;calmness&quot; that vortioxetine was installing within me. Sleep was good, everynight dreaming, though no recollections. Definitely an increased apettie resulting in almost 10 pound weigth gain. Overall feeling of being tired, sleepy, lethargic and apathehtic. No interest in anything really. Erections and orgasms  unaffected, but libido singnificantly reduced. Ocassional nausea, lasting few minutes. Wish you luck in your med search !
I have been on Effexor XR 75mg for almost 4 years now. It really has been the best thing for me. I tried almost everything and this has definitely been the best. On the downside if you begin taking Effexor just plan on taking it the rest of your life. Doctors fail to tell you about the withdrawals and horrible discontinuation syndrome. I am pregnant now and having an extremely hard time getting off. 
The pro of this pill is it did regulate my period, but that 's the only pro. I was on it for 6 months and stopped. It made me sick all the time I gained 15lbs if not more and stay bloated. My mood swings were out of control and I 'm a pretty chill person. It may worked great for some but just not for me.
Evekeo made me feel like I had the flu. I felt like I had stayed up until 5am drinking tequila. I had had no alcohol at all. My muscles ached, I was exhausted, I felt like I was going to puke, and I could barely move. I went back to Vyvanse after 2 days. It ends too early for me, but doesn 't make me miserable.
I 've only been on this pill for two days... That 's why I gave it 5 stars and I know it 's a bit rushed but oh boy. I 've had an insane head ache all day. I also feel very nauseous, like I could throw up any minute. My heart is also pounding pretty fast and hard. Not sure what that 's about but if it doesn 't fix within a month I 'll definitely be discontinuing this brand.
The ONLY good thing is that I did not have periods or get pregnant while using. I 've had the implant for two years and I hated it! I became very emotionally unstable and even depressed while using it. My bf and I were only together for a few months before using it. I was healthy , had a very tiny waist and very fit! Now I 'm fat , 204 pounds ... I gained nearly 45 pounds while on. Just got it tAken out yesterday &amp; im praying that I can get my body &amp; mental health back!!
My doctor prescribed mirtazapine 15 mg. every night at bedtime to replace the Ambien 10 mg. due to all the hoopla about combining Ambien with opioid medications.  So far the mirtazapine has NOT been effective in giving me a full night of uninterrupted sleep like Ambien did.  Also I have to weird/bizarre dreams since taking the mirtazapine.  When I talked with my doctor about it, she prescribed another sleep aid that has a copay of $156.00!!  So I will have to settle for what the mirtazapine offers as I had to choose between Ambien and my narcotic pain medication for my chronic back pain.  Sigh...
I initially used 150mg a day with no actual results in lowering BP. Doctor recomended combination with Felodipine 5mg and Metoprolol 50mg, and combination produced results in lowering my BP 115/75 avg. Side effects are tingling in the palm of my hands and excessive tiredness. I will test to discontinue ibersartan, which produces the unwanted side effects.
Naproxen helped to lessen the pain of herniated discs, but I experienced shortness of breath and was only able to get through 10 mins of cardio class. Before Naproxen I would complete 60 - 90 mins of cardio. I stopped the drug immediately, that was 6 months ago and I still have shortness of breath and can 't do cardio class at all. this drug should be pulled from the market.
Did not work well in the spots where I rubbed, but noticed extra rapid growth of facial hair, nose hair, eye brows and ear hair. A few unpigmented hairs grew on hairline where it was one full, but they were not very strong/healthy. 
I have Meniere 's - Phenergan seemed to help for about 2 hours, followed by a urge to throw up, and a horrible headache... also had to unscrew the fluourescent bulbs above desk at work, just felt like a rollercoaster - I felt better when I was moving, but when I stopped I was still moving!  ENT switched me to 1mg Ativan which worked (finally!), but it made me sleepy till I got used to it.
The first 6 months on Implanon wasn 't too bad. Relatively painless insertion with minimal bruising and no bleeding for several months. Then it started, 1st an unexpected period, then finding I was having 2 or more bleeds each month (hence the monthly expenditure on sanitary protection which is far more than I used to spend). I am now developing anemia, I have lost my sex drive completely which may soon cost me my partner and the bleeds are getting more erratic and with that the mood swings. My weight is increasing, despite increasing my exercise regime and reducing my food intake. Asked health professional for removal I was pushed to have additional contraceptives to stop the bleeding! I am looking for a Dr prepared and qualified to remove it!
I got on Skyla when I was 18 after I had a miscarriage back in December of 2015. Insertion hurt like crazy, as if you were having period cramps that would make you want to double over in pain and go to the hospital. After having it inserted I started gaining weight, I was constantly depressed, I would want to eat more, periods would last for two weeks at one time minimal. It felt like I was on a constant period with all these mood swings. It 's now August of 2016 and the pain is ten times worse, I go to the hospital about the situation and they tell me I 'm a month pregnant. I do not recommend Skyla to anybody.
Did not work well for me.
I 'm a 27-year-old male with hypertension (yes, a bit young, but it runs in the family). At first, Lisinopril was a God send. We were seeing systolic pressure in the high 120s and diastolic pressure in the 70s (I 've had readings as high as 165 over 95). I didn 't develop the dreaded &quot;ACE inhibitor cough.&quot; Overtime, however, lisinopril caused me to feel fatigued 24/7. I 'm depressed (despite 40mg Prozac per day and no history of major depressive disorder or triggers) and feel 50 years older than I should be.Medications affect different people in so many different ways. I 'll continue on my quest to find the blood pressure  medicine that works for me (...with a second opinion from a cardiologist).
I have taken Kariva for about 6 months and my boobs have gone from an A cup to a D cup, which is alarming. I have pregnancy like symptoms very often, but I 'm not pregnant. Overall this birth control made me extremely moody and gain crazy weight.
I got this in October 2014 after having a child in July. I was 135 lbs having dropped most of my baby weight ( my regular weight is about 125, I was 155 the day I delivered). Insertion wasn 't too bad, it was quick, the recovery wasn 't too bad either my arm just felt really sore. I spotted on and off for about a month. Then my period stopped completely which was great! Bad part about it was I was starting to break out, constantly... Like never before. My period came back in April 2015 and I 've pretty much been on it since. I am on it about 80% of the month. Sometimes it 's a full heavy period sometimes its spotting but it 's always painful and heavy cramping. I weigh 153!! No baby yet but I feel pregnant everyday. Morning sickness, irritable.
I chose to get Mirena when my daughter was almost one.  At the time I thought that it was the best contraception method ever.  No pills to remember, rings to change or give me migraines, or patches to remove.  I have tried them all, and with Mirena, I felt like it just simplified my life.  I thought that I had no side effects but now I am not so sure. I did gain about 15 lbs and had some moodiness but I was a student mother and attributed everything to stress.  Lately, I have had anxiety, which I never used to have and begun having panic attacks.  My libido is terrible, to the point that I feel bad for my husband.  I do have quite a bit of stress in my life but I can 't help but think of the Mirena.
Started Entyvio in the middle of a flare up. I 've had the most side effects from this one as compared to all past treatments. Frequent moderate-severe sinus headaches. Flushing, hot feeling. Took 9 months before we saw improvement but I was also on budesonide which might have been the cause of the improvement. Unfortunately it just doesn 't seem worth it. I 've heard better results for UC patients.
I have had the Implanon since Febuary 2011. The first couple of months I had a period but not bad, but it got worse. Since beginning of July I have had bleeding non stop, not to mention my husband is very frustrated that we can 't have sex. I am getting it removed tomorrow I am so happy. I can 't deal with having a period everyday all day, on the positive note I 'm not pregnant.
I was prescribed Macrobid for a bladder infection. By 3rd day in med I developed a horrible dry cough. I stopped taking at that point. I am now on another antibiotic for an upper respiratory infection.  I will be sure to never take Macrobid again
I tried Gianvi last summer for about 4 months. I gained 20lbs and it 's awful. I was at a 110 before and then towards the end of it, I was 130lbs. Once I got off Gianvi, I lost most of the weight I gained. It did however help with my acne. I had pretty bad acne before and Gianvi helped control it. 
I have suffered from MDD, GAD, SAD, OCD, panic attacks, agoraphobia and PTSD for the past 25 years. I have tried several other SSRIs and was recently switched to Effexor XR. I was prescribed 37.5 and was to build up to 150mgs. The side effects were so severe I could not get past the initial dose. I took it for the past 6 weeks and it abruptly quit working. I could not tolerate increasing to 75mg. I will be switching to Celexa. The side effects include tachycardia, sweating, hypostatic, extreme blurry vision, nausea, headaches, insomnia and weight gain of 5lbs. I experienced &quot;spatial disorientation&quot; where I would get waves of vertigo. I had great depression relief for about 3 weeks but the side effects were too numerous to tolerate.
It has alot of side effects that bothered me. I could not concentrate, I stayed tired all the time, I forgot alot of things at work, I just felt lost all the time. My sex drive was gone. My symtoms of anxiety were gone but so was everything else. I gained alot of weight also while taking this medication.
Bad side effects after several months!!
My daughter barely benefited - if at all - from taking Tamiflu. She began taking Tamiflu liquid on the first day of contracting the flu (her annual flu shot failed to protect her). A week later she still has flu symptoms, though they remain moderate and never became severe. Her fever peaked at 103F, is now 100.5. Her nose remains stuffy, she still has a mild cough and body aches. Overall I am fairly dissatisfied with this product, especially considering the high cost of $86 after insurance.
I took my first dose of Depakote at night before bed. The next day I was so leveled out; I wasn 't talking fast it was great. The rest of the day starting around 1:00 p.m. I slept all day. I woke up at 12:00 a.m. with my eyes extremely wide and dilated, my skin on my arms and legs was swirling (like the Starry Night painting), the walls were moving and things on the wall were levitating up and down. I was up until 3:00 a.m. and an on call nurse told me to sleep so it would wear off; I have never taken this medication again. (Taken for Schizoaffective Disorder, Bipolar type)
i went on Junel fe about 15 months ago for extremely painful cramps during my period and for birth control, about two months after I lost most of my sex drive and over the course I 've been taking it I went from 110-138, I 'm 5 '0 and 18, and even after all these months I 'm still finding new stretch marks and gaining weight and I 'm barely eating. I 'm switching at the end of this pack(finally). I gave it 4/10 because it kept me from getting pregnant but otherwise it sucks.
New to this generic brand, venlafaxine xr 150mg capsule, pharmacy has new distributer.  Easier to swallow capsule,  (it 's only been 2 weeks).   The first time taking it, I opened capsule in food like I 've always done, BUT BAD REACTION!  Had to call in sick to work, It was like I was DRUNK!.  I do not drink alcohol at all.   Other problem I 'm sleeping all the time at home, very annoying, not Getting anything done.  Work is fine. Is this usual?  Hope this helps, I did tell my Pharmacist, to help out other customers.
So far not working for me. I have only taken 2 doses at 15 mg.
I never got pregnant on this stuff so it works well for that. I started taking this for my debilitating cramps and heavy periods and it really didn 't do much. Plus, I gained 15 lbs after starting this and had absolutely ZERO sex drive. I didn 't even want my fianc&eacute; to touch me. I found myself being completely moody. It helped with acne except when I was about to start my period, I broke out like crazy. Now that I am off my sex drive is back to normal and my periods haven 't really changed.
In 1986, I had Intramedullary rods inserted in my RT femur and LT Humerus, and require internal, and external fixation to stabilize my horribly fractured pelvic.  Since then, I have resisted, for the most part, narcotics.  In early September I was prescribed Ultram.  Not too good...
First few weeks were weakness irritability. Now on month two and stopping because of cost ($700 and insurance won 't cover it) and major irritability and weight gain. Also still depressed and anxious.
I have been taking this for almost a week for a diverticulitis flare up and IF this ever happens again I will ask if there is something else I can take. I agree I think this has made me sicker than I originally was. General listlessness, very dizzy, weird hunger pangs and foods don 't taste good or the same as they did.  Headaches! Looking forward to the last dose. A nurse friend suggested eating Activia yogurt while taking this to help with stomach problems.
Florinef has definitely helped the symptoms from POTS/Vasovagal Syncope. But what it has also done is create a steady weight gain to the tune of 25 lbs to which I 'm miserable with. I 've work with a nutritionist to prevent diabetes, I work out 5 times a week, and have not so much lost a pound of it. This drug has awful side effects for some of us, which for me is weight gain, and mood swings. I 'm working to get off of it, assuming my adrenals don 't crash from the prolonged use. These side effects of this medication for long term use are extremely dangerous and it shouldn 't be on the market.
For me, a side effect of hand trembling was so extreme I had to quit taking it.  
I started on Yaz specifically to control my severe acne, and heavy periods, and it turned me into a MONSTER. I was crying one minute and screaming the next. It cleared up my skin within a week or two. That part was amazing. But my periods weren 't much different. I lost my insurance a few months later, and switched to Sprintec. The switch from Yaz to Sprintec was hard. I had my period for almost two months straight. Once I had been on the Sprintec, a bit of my acne came back. I still don 't feel quite like myself. My biggest complaint? MASSIVE HAIR LOSS. Big fists full of hair come out when I brush or shower. I 'm going to a doctor as soon as I get my insurance back. If I don 't go soon, I may wind up bald. Come back, hair!
I 've been on this pill for over a year I like it it cleared my acne I did gain weight tho kinda having a hard time losing it too and the mood swings are crazy like the first 10 white pills I 'm the most emotional and when I start my period I actually feel normal but I 'm will to stick to it cause my acne was just so bad and This pill cleared me up so I really don 't mind the side affects.
I followed the instructions and took 2 tablets at about 2pm, hoping by morning to have a bowel movement. I recently had surgery and after release from the hospital have been stopped up due to the continued pain meds. Unfortunately, this worked too well...I have had waterfall/explosive diarrhea for the past 5 hrs. I am trying to stay hydrated and ate a bowl of rice to try to offset the flow, but here I am still living on the pot...I feel weak and have chills all over my body from the dehydration. I do not recommend taking this medicine if you can move anything through your bowels (hard as it may be), or at least start with a half dose and see how that works first. It took about 3 hrs to start working, not a full overnight.
Did nothing for my cough.
It worked well at first but then it started making me really manic.  Eventually it caused me to have panic attacks more so than off the medication.
BLEAH! This stuff was foul tasting, and while I was able to get down the first dose, which I took at 6 p.m., my body wasn 't having anything to do with finishing the second dose, which I started at 6 a.m. I had just finished the third glassful, and promptly threw up. No heaves; just opened my mouth and it left in a hurry. Now I 'm due for another colonscopy, since obviously prep for the first one didn 't work, and I 'm going to try to take Suprep. Wish me luck.
I started this for depression and insomnia, mostly the insomnia.  When I first started taking this I pretty much slept 3 days straight. I have not noticed any difference in my depression or anxiety during the day and am 15 pounds heavier. I want to stop taking this but my doctor won 't replace it with anything else to help me sleep. I am hungry constantly, I can 't stop eating. It would be worth it if it helped my depression and anxiety. 
I recently began taking Zanaflex and it has helped with my lower back spasms, somewhat, but I can only take it at night.  It makes me drowsy and I had to stop taking it during the day.
This was the first birth control pill I went on. I broke out at first, but it went away after about 2 months. Breasts went from an A to a C (only good side effect) but it made me gain weight and also made me really emotional and angry all the time. I had to switch because of that. Now I 'm on Lutera.
I loved it when I first started. Felt more energized, lost weight, felt good. Now 8 months in and a dosage of 100mcg my levels are normal but I feel worse off. Sore throats, mouth ulcers, painful diarrhea after mildly acidic foods, insomnia, weight gain, joint pain, hair thinning. Requested a full panel of all 4 and tsh but doctors won 't adjust anything since my levels are normal range. I feel worse on this medicine long term than I did before taking it. Hoping to try the dessicated hormone if I can find someone who can prescribe it.
I 've been on 10mg fluoxetine for just over one week - I did take it for a few days a little while ago, it made my IBS worse, so I stopped. My doctor persuaded me to give it another go. I know it 's early days, but so far it 's all bad! Before I was  tired, unmotivated, no concentration, barely able to wash or do the simplest things. Now - I 'm like  the walking dead! Even more tired, even less motivation,  brain fog - you name it. And possibly more  depressed! I also had terrible joint pains - I have arthritis anyway! The joint pains seem to be lessening, the others aren 't- so far!  I just hope it 's a case of getting worse before it gets better, cos atm it 's almost unbearable!
When I first got the depo shot everything was wonderful. I went 2.5 months with no weight gain nor bleeding. Then the bleeding came the last three weeks. Then I went to take the second shot on march 3rd and I still havent stopped bleeding til this day April 21. So I 've been bleeding more than TEN WEEKS! In the past two weeks they have been the heaviest where I 've been messing up my undies cause it happens at sporatic times of the day. Like for example I would wake up with a clean pad, take a shower go about half my day then out of no where while I 'm out I 'd be bleeding. I 'm already very anemic and going through this isn 't helping my condition. I called my gyn 's office and they NEVER got back to me and its been over a week.
I 've been on Nortrel 1/35 for about 10 months now.  I 'm 22 and this is the first time I 've been on birth control.  I had spotting between periods for the first few months I took it - way longer than you 're supposed to.  Sometimes it practically was a period, and then during the off-week I would have another one. But my periods were never regular and now they are - a good thing.  My cramps, however, seem to have gotten worse.  But my biggest problem is vaginal dryness!  It 's not that I don 't have a sex drive, it 's just that sex HURTS without an hour of foreplay and a gallon of lubricant.  I guess that makes this a highly effective method of birth control, because I 'm starting to avoid sex out of fear that it will leave me sore for hours.
Didn 't work for me. No immediate side effects, but after a few days was really emotional, almost crying. Was not okay with that so I stopped.
I have been on Keppra for two years and would not recommend it. Keppra greatly reduced the frequency and severity of my seizures BUT it did so at a cost. Since starting Keppra I 've consistently experienced depression, anxiety, and compulsive suicidal thoughts. It has significantly impacted my quality of life in terms of mental health.
Was put on Abilify to control hypomania. I 'm very, very sensitive to pretty much every medication. Initial I had a stomach ache that only lasted one night and some tiredness the first two days. However... After this I had severe hypomania and restlessness that just didn 't go away. It wasn 't akasteisia though. Unfortunately I can 't reach the mood stabilizing effect - being at least 10 mg - since I can 't go any higher than 1.25 mg without having side effects such as emotional numbness, numbness of my face, twitching, increased eye blinking - which of course scares me since there is a risk of Tardive Dyskinesia. It 's definitely a very powerfull drug. BUT it really did help my depression and anxiety, just didn 't help control my hypomania. LOL
I was on the Depo Shot for 3 years, in my last year being on it I went from weighing 125 pounds to 158 pounds. The weight gain was the only problem I had with this shot. I had a period every 3 months and it was always very light.
I was on Seasonique for 2 years. Seasonique started out as an okay form of birth control. It took my body a while to get used to it (probably about 2 packs, so 6 months). When I did get used to it, it was great. But then the problems started. I 've never had acne or even bad pimples and my face started to really break out. Also, I don 't know if my body got immune to the birth contrl but after a while, my heavy periods came back as well as the cramps. Also if I ever forgot to take my pill and had to double up, I would get really sick. Overall, it started out great, but the effects were not long term. I 've gained 15 pounds and my libido is very low and I 'm very dry when having intercourse. Also, as mentioned earlier, it gave me very bad acne.
I 'm a 16 year old female and, I started taking Focalin three days ago, only 2.5. I take it at 7:15 am I notice when it wears of about three hours later. I don 't really have trouble falling asleep but I do kind of have trouble staying asleep. All day I have a sore throat and a runny nose, even once I 've already felt it wear off. When I stand up I get dizzy and have to stop and hold on to something to keep from falling. I 've also experienced high blood pressure from it and headaches that make my eyes water. When I look at a computer or T.V my eyes feel like I 'm about to fall asleep but I can 't close them except to blink.
I have PTSD and anxiety disorder. I have been on Bupropion Hcl Er XL 300mg and Clonazepam 1mg teva. Both medications taken together are terrible. My symptoms are memory loss, anxiety , tiredness, problem sleeping, panic attacks and depression. I feel like the bupropion causes anxiety and my new panic attacks. Yes losing weight is great at first but I 'm in need for changing these medications. Watch yourself make sure it 's right for you. Also headaches or migraines.
I 'm on week 2, taking 1 pill in am and 1 in pm. I haven 't noticed any weight loss at all. My biggest frustration at the moment is constipation. After reading other comments, I started taking stool softeners every day. Still no success. And like a previous member commented, ALL MY JEANS are tight.  Maybe if my food was actually able to leave my body, I 'd have success. But one bowel movement per week is not normal. At least for me. 
Unfortunately, this did not work for me, I didnt see my sugar levels go down and it also caused mega itch for me as well, so I stopped using within the first week or two.  Dr. tried me on Glimepiride now, but I havent seen much change also yet, and I possibly have gained from it.   Not sure what to try next, he suggested Januvia or Byetta, which are supposed to be expensive.  Not sure what I can do if anything.  Insulin does not help with weight loss and I do not want to gain .
My experience with Skyla ended terribly. Two weeks ago I would have recommended Skyla to anyone. My periods were light and very little cramping. Last week I discovered I was pregnant. After being in and out of the ER all weekend I found out it was an ectopic pregnancy.  I rate this 3 out of 10 because this exact incident is listed as a possibility in the warnings for the product. I never expected to be included in that unlikely statistic and can honestly say it was a very traumatizing experience.
Started taking on February 27th.  I was already counting calories and exercising 5-6 days a week but nothing moves the scale.First few days I 'm so tired after taking.  This seems to be the only side effect.  I have a slight headache but I think that 's due to not eating as I 'm just not hungry.Goal is 80 lbs I 'm 250 5ft 9.
My 3 year old was put on this to treat his insomnia triggered by Autism and ADHD.  Without it he would get up at 9am and be up until 3 or 4am sometimes even as late as 5or 6 and still get up ready to go.  This medication absolutely helps him get to sleep, .01 mg is what he was prescribed however the next day to be honest he was stoned the whole day or most of it, so the doctor had us cut that in half.  Now the problem with that is that he gets his pill promptly at 9pm and at midnight he 's back up.  So he gets a second dose to get him to sleep until about 6:30-7ish before he wakes up ready to go.  I 'm hoping that we 'll be able to solve him getting back up, I think the problem is his pill has to be crushed and so its not a timed release.
Heart was missing a beat while working out. Saw my Doc and after an EKG and a slightly elevated blood pressure was put on 25mg which went to 100mg over a period of 3 yrs. Kept BP at home and was fine. Every time at the Doctor 's it was like 150/90 never understood this. Last time was placed on Lisinopril, this kicked my butt, dizziness, ear ringing, dry cough. Said heck with it and found a Cardiologist. He took me off the Ace Inhibitor and put me on Norvasc 10mg, will see how it works.
Victoza caused me to have Pancreatitis.
I really hate this birth control. I have taken others and had no side effects or anything go wrong, but this pill has basically ruined my social life. I have been taking it for a little over a month and since the second I started taking it, I have had my period. I have no sex drive, and constant bleeding. I have noticed I 'm super moody, and for the first week it made me sick to my stomach and I stopped eating because of how it made me feel. I hate this pill but my doctor makes it difficult to switch.
I took exactly one pill and woke up the next day with the worse headache : top of my head hurt, temples were squeezing, had pressure in my eyes, and couldn 't tolerate sounds. How ironic that people take this to prevent migraines! I was done after 1 day. This came after 4 days on metoprolol (sp), which hadleft me exhausted and short of breath, so I wasn 't exactly 100%.  B.P. went up somewhat the day I was on this. Headache left as soon as I went off it. (Was put on valsartan right after, and had terrible back/spine pain from that.) I think I am done with meds. Maybe I 'll  do yoga.
I was given Effexor after Lexapro stopped helping me.  I was on it approx 1 year.  But what I know now, that I wish I would have known then.....the withdrawals are horrible!!!  I am dizzy all the time, feel like the room is spinning.  Pharmacist said this could last up to 3 months.  I went off of it very slowly!  I have been without it for about a month now.  I have never been an addict of any kind, but I feel like one with this.  I know that taking more will make these side effects go away, and I think about this pill all day every day.  PLEASE research before you start this medication.  I would not wish this on my worst enemy!!
It 's effective in the sense that it has done it 's job well, it prevented pregnancy but I absolutely hate it. I switched over from Try Cyclen due to it 's cost but honestly, I 'm planning on switching back. Severe cramps, headaches, and mood swings galore. The worst part of it all? I have been in my period for THREE WEEKS. It 's ridiculous, I 've never had issues with any other birth control. My regular period usually lasted 4 days maximum, compare that to constant bleeding for almost a month now. No thanks. Do not recommend this for anyone.
I have a sore throat. I spray once and let it sit in the area for 20 secs then spit out. The numbing only stays for about 10 mins. Obviously the soreness starts to come back. With another spray and about 10 mins later still the numbing goes away. It says use every 2 hours if needed. I need more spraying. 
Honestly, this has been the worst antibiotic I have taken. SIDE EFFECT WISE! 35 minutes after taking four , 250mg pills, I felt extremely ill and ending up throwing up and  experiencing instant  diarrhea. I 'm not one to complain because normally my stomach acts very well on antibiotics. I 'm currently awake now dealing with really loud gurgling noises from my stomach. Hopefully this means the medicine is in full effect.
Completed treatment for my severe gum infection and infection still raging
I have been on this drug 3 weeks, my reflux has been getting worse. I am back to Dr on Monday , I think I will need to go back to cardiologist as I am missing my left coronary artery and only have my right one for supporting me. I had been getting chest pain and after the angiogram I was started on this. Thankfully I do not have any blockage but need to protect the one artery that I have.
This was my first experience with birth control and I hate it. This pill made my periods even more irregular than they were prior to taking this pill. I 've been on this pill for almost 9 months and not once has my period came on time. It is so stressful because I honestly never know when my period is going to come. I gained 4 pounds and I have crazy weird dreams overnight.
After a week of using Jalyn, among other less severe side effects, I developed a severe hip joint area inflammation that got so bad that I could hardly walk. Had XRAY and MRI done and no issues with the hip joint. I quit taking and switched to AVODART and have had no side effects and has helped without any noticeable side effects. Took 5 weeks for hip area to go back to normal. 
So the first two days I was like Yes! It worked and it was normal cramp free BM. Next day a bit of diarrhea, but only two BMs like that. Well I decided to just take half of one. No cramps or pain, no BM. Skipped another day and then today I took a half. It 's been two hours of off and on the toilet. I stopped having any thing solid. It 's like I am going pee, but through my behind.  ); don 't let this sway you from trying, but stop if this happens to you.
My daughter was given this by her pediatrician for strep and tonsillitis. It 's day three and she still coughs at night and the marbling on her tonsils are still not gone or the swelling. Most of the redness is gone but the bumps in back of throat are still there too.
I 'm in a very depressed mood all the time, my doctor put me in lexapro and xanax, but my depression is still there mostly cuz of money, I got way behind and that helped put me in a depressive mood, I 'm 74 will b 75 on May 1 and took my granddaughter and her two boys ages 14 and 12 but that helped with my depression cuz supporting them put me behind in my bills, I 'm struggling, she just got a job but its temporary, the 12 yr old is a backtalker and at my age it bothers me very much. But the lexapro does help some since my doctor upped my dosage to 20 mg, I can 't put them in the street, but grandson who is 35 got divorced last yr and he helps me around the house. and I also suffer from 5 compressed disks in my low back and now travels down my leg
I first got the shot back in September everything was fine! I loved it, no period! It was awesome! But at the end of November spotting started happening, every day! Different colors, sometimes very heavy and then light, clotted and here recently it has been going back and forth from a dark brown to a purple color and I do mean purple. I have not gained any weight on this shot I 've actually lost 8 pounds since October. Reading other reviews I will not be going back for my second shot.
Oh my gosh! Started taking this for shift work 6 years ago and now it 's the only way I can sleep- only I don 't any more! I went thru the hallucinations , the binge eating, the &quot;oh my God, I bought what on ebay last night?&quot; To waking up in some unusual places not knowing how I got there. It takes you through the coaster ride but the thrill is gone. Fitful nights, not more than 3 solid hours any more. I 'm trying belsomra tomorrow night. Side effects sound scary, but so did ambien when I first heard about it. Not a cure all and it 's only worth praising the 1st year or 2. Sucks when your sleep never comes....
Day 1 was ok but day 2 started feeling panicked and racing with panic attack and day 3 I put the pieces together with even worse panic attacks .... I gotta quit taking this now today! I have no desire or craving at all for a cigarette but the freakishly scary panic attacks, especially when leaving my home are not worth it.....got to go cold turkey from here on out!
I read a lot of reviews before getting implanon. Having it put in was a breeze! For about the first year it was greatest birth control ever. Then I had my period. With it came extreme mood swings, low libido, pain in my arm where it was inserted and my period lasted about 2 months. For the second year I would have a period 3 out of 4 weeks a month and continued with other side effects. I am scheduled to have it taken out Monday. I am a little nervous about removal but we will see how it goes. Overall I am glad I tried it but ready to try something new.
Be very careful with this medication as it may lead to pseudotumor cerebra which is a very serious side effect (though pretty rare) that can cause permanent vision loss. I was only on the medication from the end of November through middle of January; I was taking it twice a day. The beginning of January I started to have constant horrible headaches then tunnel vision when standing. I then started having severe head and neck pain, dizziness, my vision would go in and out and I felt an intense pressure in my head. I eventually ended up spending well over a week in the hospital, had 3 spinal taps due to very high ICP and in the end with a VP shunt in my brain with a tube to my stomach that I 'll have the rest of my life.
I got my Skyla placed in March 2015 - I 'm 21 and never had kids. The insertion was terribly painful and I stayed in pain for about 3 or 4 days. I 've bled/spotted for most days out of the month since I got it put in. I 've gained a lot of weight with this IUD and my acne has gotten a lot worse. I went to my doctor about my bleeding and after looking at it, he said that everything was fine and there was nothing that he could do to stop the bleeding/spotting and I would have to deal with it until it went away on it 's own. I would get this removed early but because of how painful it was to get it inserted, I 'm terrified that it 's going to hurt just as bad. As far as keeping me from getting pregnant, it 's 100% effective. I wouldn 't recommend.
I took Solodyn a few years ago.  I was on it for about 2-3 yrs. Like another poster on here said, I didn 't have horrible acne like some cases, but it made me uncomfortable, especially as an adult.  It did clear my acne (hence the rating of 3 instead of 0). But when I tried to come off of it, OMG!! It became one of those cases.  I broke out like I could never imagine. I wouldn 't look people in the eye, wouldn 't let my husband EVER see me without make up, my self esteem when in the tank.  I had to go on Accutane to get off of Solodyn. I did it during the summer (I am a school nurse w/summers off). It was the only time I could go off Solodyn for the 2 weeks I had to, to go on Accutane.
Ughh I 'm so depressed reading the positive reviews (I 'm a bit envious I guess) but I take the adderal XR for ADHD and it would work for me for only an hour and that 's it after that I would be a zombie. So tired, no motivation. Bed ridden to be honest. I 'm devastated it works for so many people. I had such high hopes. Back to the scratch board again. I didn 't want to believe it was the medicine because of all the positivity but it definitely is. Quite depressed.
I got the liletta inserted in the beginning of March 2017. I have been bleeding ever since. Not a full blown period, but enough to be annoying. I also get a random, quick, sharp pain in my abdomen at least daily, which has never once occurred before getting this IUD. No wonder it 's such an effective birth control... because you bleed for months straight so you can 't have sex 
I was previously on Ocella for a few years and found that one to work great except for breakthrough bleeding. I switched to Loestrin 24 for about 6 months and I am coming off of it. I became so depressed and felt like I was in a fog. I have always been a pretty happy person. It was so bad I had to just stop taking the pills in the middle of the 7th month after constantly being on birth control pills since I was a teenager. I did a lot of research about the estrogen and progestin ingredients and am going to try Apri. 
Was on Cymbalta until it quit working and switched to Viibryd.  Quit taking the Viibryd after 6 weeks. This medicine was not for me.  Appetite was uncontrollable and gained 11 pounds. Agitated very easily, always tired.  Currently not on any antidepressants and doing much better.
After receiving my IUD 6 weeks after my daughter was born I was just relieved I could not become pregnant and I was still able to happily breastfeed. Periods were not an issue other than breakthrough bleeding around ovulation time.My biggest issue with this IUD is the toxic reaction I had due to the copper. I am diagnosed anxiety but I had never felt anxiety so bad in my LIFE than on this thing. I avoided all and any social situations, I was unable to work and cope with life. I was placed on an extreme anti panic attack and anxiety meds that I could not wean off from. I went from being healthy and fit to gaining 50 lbs. After feeling frustrated I looked up my birth control and sure enough this is COMMON!!!!!
I was put in this pill to help with heavy bleeding, well I 'm in my first month I bled every single day from the first to the last pill, the cramping is unbearable it feels like contractions. I called my doctors office and  I was told to continue taking them and give it 3 months but I don 't know if I want to do that. I 'm miserable, another thing I noticed is my breast are bigger I know doctors say it 's a myth but no it 's a reality I never had this issue with any other pill. It 's weird because these pills are very low in hormones I just hope they don 't continue getting bigger.
I got it inserted June 5th of this year, my mood has been very irritable since then. I either cry all day or yell at everyone. its very good at preventing pregnancy but I have been on my period for about 3 weeks (mainly consisting of spotting but still!) Acne has been a problem , so have migraines. Once I hit 3 months I will be getting it removed unless the side effects stop.
Brintelix made me feel angry and created very bad muscle tension my shoulders and arms. I 've only been on it for two months. Went to an accupuncurist who immediately told me that it is one of the side effects of Brintelix. Trying to get off it as soon as possible.
Taken 1 pill 10mg. Make me sleepy, tired, loss of energy, dry mouth, fatigue, cannot function next morning at work.
I 've been on lexapro for 1 year now and to be honest as a pill to fill the gap for my anxiety it really doesn 't work. I intend to tell the doctor on my next visit; there must be another drug that works better.
effectiveness lasted 8 months side effects unpleasant
After being on this medication for several months, I finally reached a dosage (600mg) that helped. I needed this to calm down my manic state. This being said, I gained close to 20lbs. As a 18 year old girl, this affected my confidence greatly. I was on a vegan diet for 7 months prior to being on this medication, and stayed on the diet while taking it. My weight was stable around 125 for all those months, however upon starting I went up to 145. Not to mention how absolutely exhausted this medication made me. I highly suggest trying to find another medication.
First day, no symptoms. Next day a bit achy.  But the next day felt bloated and nauseous. The achy flu-like symptoms were gone but for the next week, I felt sick, constipated and had no appetite. 
I 've never felt so sick in my life. My blood pressure shot up to the upper 100s, and I felt like I was going to pass out.
Dr.prescribed Victoza 3 mo.  ago for weight loss, which was affecting my health.  High BP, arthritis in knee, low thyroid,  weight was 183 lbs. Loved it, no side effects, loss 40 lbs. But , just recently all at once, got headaches,  lightheaded,  unbearable pains in stomach,  anxiety,  fast heart beating,  I thought I was going to die. I stayed up until 4:00 am, I felt out of control from all the anxiety.  Thank God I had some Xanax! I love the weght loss results, however  I don 't ever want to experience  that terrifying experience of feeling like I was going to die. Ithe was that frightening,  I stopped the next day!
I was prescribe Lyrica for a pinched nerve in my elbow after a dislocation. The pain made physical therapy intolerable. With just one dose of 75mg of Lyrica, I could bend my elbow without wincing. Absolutely marvelous. Unfortunately there were 2 side effects that make me stop taking it. First one was that I fell asleep almost immediately after taking it for about 2 hours and my brain felt very foggy after I woke up. Second issue was a slight tightness in the chest and feeling a little out of breath. Not severe, but enough to let me know that I couldn 't take it again. Made me sad because it really worked.
I started using Viibryd about a week and a half ago.  First couple days great, no problem.  Went up to 20 mgs and weird side effects have started.  I constantly feel like I am going to vomit.  My legs are cramping and feels like I worked really hard which I haven 't.  I 'm in pretty good shape, trim usually.  I am so bloated that I look like I am 3 months pregnant.  I 'm going back to the Prozac.  The side effects aren 't worth it. 
I have been using Nuvaring for about 4 months now and have not been very impressed. I have had breakouts the entire time, lower back aches, HORRIBLE mood swings, it has slipped out more than once, and given me terrible anxiety. Since I recently stopped using it all symptoms have stopped and I feel normal again. I hope this helps anyone who is experiencing the same!
I got iud  lilletta inserted in may2016..and I 'm getting it remove next week ..i only got one heavy menstrual cycle in July my cramping is bad everyday headaches..I have gained weight I also got some skin blemish on face..and to top it off itchy irritation on my vagina..
i had this in under duress whilst having camera n biopsy..within 24hours i had headaches felt hot and flushed...over 4 days i felt really bloated and down...haf it took out after 6 days and instantly felt better
Effective form of birth control yet caused excessive abnormal bleeding during the three month cycle in which I should not have gotten my period. Eventually removed from medication due to abnormal uterine bleeding while taking this product.
Took lipanthyl 145mg for 3 months, triglycerides went down, hdl went up, but ldl went up. Alt was also detected at 78. Had mild chest pain, not sure if related. Changing to another med.
So I am 19 years old it is August (a month after my birthday) so I have been on depo for there years exactly. My first couple weeks I had nausea and headaches. After my third shot I had no menstrual cycle anymore. I will say for this form of birth control is awesome. I was with a guy for a long time and never used a condom and here I am three years later and never had a pregnancy scare. So yes as birth control it works perfectly. However, throughout the years I still had some mild cramps and horrid mood swings and my right knee seemed to gradually get worse. Pains that came and went more when it rained. I am now in the middle of getting depo provera out of my system and I must say I feel like I am dying. Horrible mood swings nausea headache
I got Implanon inserted in May 2010, and have been bleeding heavily ever since. I am going to see my obgyn tomorrow to see about getting it removed. I have no sex drive. I like the fact I won 't get pregnant. 
I have been on Rexulti for over 8 months. At first, I started feeling better than I 've felt in years. I had more energy,  laughing more, and generally felt like I was having a better quality of life. Then I started to have anxiety and felt on edge. I feel like I could go postal on anyone. I 've said and done things that I would have never done before. I have bad thoughts and have become just so down. I have decided to stop Rexulti. I 'd rather be depressed than feel as though I have lost control over myself.
I was prescribed diclofenac sodium 75 mg along with gabapentin for severe neck and shoulder pain, and numbness each night in both arms and hands.  It takes the edge off.  It does not stop the symptoms.  It does not alleviate pain for me after 3 months of use.  4 Advil do a better job.
Escitalopram Orion 20mgI have issues with my vision, muscle ache, lack of energy, tiredness, excessive yawning, severe nightmares, dry mouth, itching and a rash together with a worsening of my eczema and a foul temperThe nightmares are the worse.  I fall into a sleep so light but packed with nightmares that would revive Steven Kings writing career. Worse?  I can 't escape them, they wake me but on returning to sleep they continue.  I have gained a little weight but I 'm too tired to cook for myself most daysI 'm not one for googling  'side effects ' of drugs but I am glad I have found this site.  I now realise I seriously have to speak to my doctor about switching away from this medication.
It does work, but the side effects can be damaging.  After a year of being on the medication I became a compulsive gambler ( one of the side effects).  I became suicidal at one point. Spent some time in a hospital, where we discovered the root of my problem was mirapex.
I 've been on Benicar HCT  20mg/12.5mg for 3 week now this medicine has some bad side effects I 've experienced light headed, dizziness, cough feel like my chest feel tight sometime muscle aches tired all the time..does anybody else experience these side effects..when you tell your doctor what your experience they thinks it 's not the medicine we know our bodies..
I switched to this med because my last med put me in a horrible fog (Atripla) . Triumeq is working for me but it gives me pretty bad body aches especially in my lower back where my kidney area is and around my under arms. If I have an alternative I will switch. It makes me feel pretty crappy
My insomnia is invincible to matter what I take. Or build tolerance quickly.Tried Belsomra 10 and 20 but it doesn 't do anything.
I 've only been on this for about a month and a half and the first month wasn 't bad at all, my period was light and the only side effect was mild nausea. The second month however, total disaster. I 'm not sure if it 's me - because I get really motion sick very easily, but I 'm pretty sure this pill is giving me really bad vertigo, I 'm so light- headed, I 'm constantly on the verge of puking, all I want to do is lay still and not move a muscle. Maybe I 'm just evening out the hormones or something but if this is how it 's always going to be I 'm not sure I can handle it any longer. I 'm finishing the second pack but I think after that I 'm moving on.
This gave me incredibly bad nightmares not read other reviews with this problem but main reason I 'm coming off it... does help slightly with anxiety but feel a bit too relaxed not good for daytime and work... does 150mg taken at night also causes dizziness and my eyes can 't focus extremely groggy in the morning not great for me
I was on a robust regimen (for 8 years) that was working great, but seemed like a heavy load (2 x per day, multiple pills...) and what attracted me was the once per day option and &quot;easier&quot; effects on my biology. I began taking Genvoya and, unfortunately, lasted only 2 weeks. My fingers were tingly &amp; going numb, my heart rate was stressed, intense fatigue began to be a problem, muscle aches and then my sternum started to hurt . My doc let me know if Genvoya proved not to work for me that I could easily go back to my previous med combo. I chose to do go back and VOILA!, I feel 100% better and all side affects are subsiding or are gone after only 2 days. For me, I felt like I was taking poison - was this really researched?
This started helping me with my alcohol problems (at the beginning), but after a few months I started feeling side affects that were unbearable so I started tapering off. My hair felt more brittle, I had this constant headache in the right-central lobe of my brain ( THIS WAS HORRIBLE ). Those were the main concerns. I just didn 't feel right. Was on 300mg a few times a day. Others obviously have great results for this but perhaps it 's just an individual reaction to it.
When I first started I had bad side effects. Such as feeling like a head cold etc. Anxiety. Trouble seeing. Headaches. But they did wear off. Then I was ok but for really bad cognitive problems. Unable to remember things at work. Some problems talking. But as long as I was losing weight. Finally I realized I was having loose stools due to this drug and came close to a couple of accidents. That was it. I stopped. Yikes I had horrible withdrawal. Heart Palpitations, nausea. I am weening off. When I got off the drug I don 't think I ate anymore but I gained 4 lbs the week after cutting back the dose. I found a similar thing when I started.. for the first two weeks I didn 't lose any weight but then lost fast. Something is up with that.
Upper respiratory infection sent me to an urgent care center, where 100mg of Tessalon Perles was prescribed. This lowest dosage relaxed the lung muscles so I didn 't suffer from the coughing spasms and while I still had to sleep sitting up I was more comfortable. Prescription was for 3xday but I only took it twice daily.Follow-up visit to my primary care doctor resulted in a prescription for 200mg twice daily and that dosage was too much for me. I had a scary episode resembling a heart attack and stopped the medication immediately. Heart pounding, chest muscles tightened front and back, profuse sweating, dizziness, one episode of vomiting. I consumed large quantities of water to flush the drug out of my system and will never take it again.
I DO NOT RECOMMEND! I am going in today (7/27) just over three months later (MID APRIL INSERT) TO HAVE IT REMOVED. I have sebhoratic dermatitis (implant did not cause it, I had it before) but the implant made it so much worse. Normally, it is not so bad in the summer (worse in the winter) but this has made it unbearable and worse than ever (whole scalp, not patches, HAIR FALLING OUT). Additionally, my acne got worse and did not improve. I got several very deep cystic pimples on my back (Never, ever had pimples on my back). Chin acne out of control. Weight did not fluctuate or change (I eat healthy and workout 4 days/week). I am going on Ortho Tri Cylclen for my acne now..if you suffer from acne, go on OTC... it suppresses testosterone
Tried it with the highest hopes for depression but it was awful. I am also on Ritalin for ADHD. I thought things were improving after the initial fist few weeks but pretty much in bed for a week whenever my dose was increased. So 30mg then 60mg then 90mg. I was quite suicidal at times and for the first time in a year I stayed home instead of going to work because I couldn 't face people. I hid in my cocoon and fought bitterly with my partner while my parenting skills for our two year old daughter became more lax. 
I was on celexa 20 mg for depression. It helped great with my anxiety symptoms, but not well for depression. My doctor recommended I take it because I am on the anxious-side of depression, and it really helped with those symptoms - overthinking, freaking out over every little thing. My boyfriend told me I became a lot less intense and irritable. It did not help my loss of energy and fatigue and low-motivation and I still had suicidal thoughts. The first week I started on 10 mg and experienced no change or side-effects. I moved to 20 mg and it made me worse for about a week, then my anxiety symptoms got better. I am switching to bupropione because I need help with depression symptoms.
I 've been on this medication for 8 months now. I am anemic and the bleeding was fine at first. It was my normal heavy flow. I went on vacation and planned on starting while I was gone. However, I didn 't. When I got my period I bled HEAVILY for about 4 wks. A tampon every hour and a half. The last day, I had a blood clot the size of my palm.Then the next four days was very very light bleeding. And then back to the heavy flow of numerous clots. It 's been almost 2 months now. I 've been put on a birth control. Hoping this will help. But I 'm definitely changing it soon. It has made my depression and anxiety so much worse. NOT WORTH IT.
I was extremely constipated due to opioid induced constipation. I took one capsule and an hour later I got chills, a severe stomach cramp and the next 8 hours were the worst experiences I have ever had. It was like I knew I had to pass the stool but try as I may, It would not budge. Severe chills were the worst pain. Combine chills and stomach pain and I was wishing I could just pass our for 2 days till this passed. Eventually after 5 hours of grunting and commode sitting I passed the stool. I won 't be taking anymore since the treatment is worse than the condition. This was a sample my doctor gave me at his office. I 'm glad I didn 't pay for it.
At first it worked pretty well but about 3 months later I was having the anxiety again.
I started Jolessa in October 2013 right when my period started at the beginning of the month. Right away I was sick to my stomach several days &amp; My periods normally last the full 7 days, but on this pill it never stopped. It went to a light period and gradually throughout the 3 months got heavier until I started the white pills-the period week, at the end of December. Once I started the new pack January 1st. The bleeding finally stopped until Febuary 1st, started the second month of pills and right away started bleeding again. It is now Febuary 12 &amp; I went to the doctor yesterday she put me on a different birth control Low-Ogestrel 28 and we 're hoping this stops my bleeding and works better for me.
The 1 good thing is I 'm not pregnant.  I 've been reading and majority of everyone is the same as me.  I got the implant in Feb hella excited to not have a period ever, and literally out of the almost 7 months I stopped bleeding for a week.  Does anyone know if the spotting ever stops or do I just push through it?  I have had mood swings but those last a day or 2. I had them anyway with PMS.  I 'd like to know if I should get it removed or wait it out if the bleeding does stop
Have experienced anxiety my whole life along with occasional panic attacks that come and go. I was so excited to try Zoloft after reading all these positive reviews but I only ended up taking one pill and I won 't be taking another! It 's different for everyone, but for me, I took 25mg at 5pm and the next morning I was nauseous, was pissing out my butthole and couldn 't eat for another 12 hours. I woke up again this morning still feeling very sick with diarrhea. I would rather have the stomach flu than ever experience that again. I 'm going on the second day without taking it and I 'm still not fully recovered from being that sick. I gave it a 3 because other than that, I felt no other side effects except a little tingly the first hour or so.
I have been diagnosed for 3 years with tachycardia and the doctor does not know why I have such a high heart rate. Was put on this medicine. Still at rest my heart rate is over 100. Yesterday he upped the dosage from 180 to 240mg. I 'm so tired of having this problem and taking this medicine. 
I 've tried many birth controls, probably about eight, but this one stands out in my memory as the worst just because of the side effects. I will say I can appreciate a short period, four days I believe? I was on this pill for only a month a while back, but if I recall correctly that was the month I reached my highest weight ever, gaining ten pounds. I got rather irritable and was glad when I switched to Quartette and apologized for snapping at people :^)
I have been on Keppra for 2 years  taking 3000mg per day along with 400mg a day of Vimpat and I am still having at least 2 a week. They put in a VNS in Oct, 2013 and I am still having them. I just am having some side effects like... falling, dizziness and being ill if something is said in the wrong tone. I hope that make sense. I just get aggravated easy and I just can 't get rid of my headaches.
I 've been taking 60mg  of Cymbalta and 300mg of Lyrica along with other meds like Tylenol 3, Vicodin, trazodone,  alprazolam and vitamins for about 9 months for fibromyalgia. I haven 't noticed much of any difference in the pain dept. The only thing I notice is the trazodone and alprazolam helps me sleep about 5-6 hours a night. The pain is still there and I 'm just getting so tired of all the pain and frustration. I 've seen a rheumatologist and a physiatrist but nothing has changed. I don 't know what else to do or try.
I started taking Levora two years ago. First off, my face was very clear (with the one or two pimples here and there) once I started taking Levora my face and back became covered in extremely painful cystic acne caused by the high levels of hormones. I would always have at least 2-3 on my face as well as getting 2 near my period. My breasts went from a 34 B to a whopping 36 D within a year of taking the pill. Even though I took the pill at night I would wake up with morning sickness where I could not eat and everything would make me nauseous. Levora did not help with my periods expect made them 5 days instead of 7 but they were always heavy. I 've been off Levora for about three months and my acne is completely gone and I 'm much happier.
This medicine helps me sleep but that 's the best i can say about it. It doesn 't relieve pain or help relax my spastisity. If your pain and problems are only at night this is good for you. I hallucinate a lot once I adjusted to the dose it changed but if I ever have to take more than usual then I start to hear and see things......I had conversations with my husband in the middle of the night when he wasn 't there. And many other accounts. I would suggest you use caution. I have a very high level of muscle pain for many reasons and I 'm very spastic so its not a surprise that Zanaflex doesn 't work as well as I 'd like for me. I will continue to take it while i explore other options. It isn 't a bad medication.
I 'm on my second day using this fire in a tube. I really hope I feel better when this is complete. I 'm glad the feeling is mutual between us women, because I thought something was wrong with me.
Oh my gosh ,worst pain ever!!!! All I could think about is why on earth did I take these pills.The cramps started at about 3am ,they usually last about 1 hour,but boy do they hurt,cold sweats, my blood pressure um pretty sure went down,and nausea.At first the stool isnt so soft but then the gates of hell open ,and all is let loose.The ine thing about this product is that my stomach has gone down alot,once im done with this pill which is a part of a regimen for a diet, never again!
I have been using abreva for four days. The second day I noticed it was getting better. Today on the fourth day I noticed that smaller bumps around my cold sore are starting to form. It made my cold sores smaller but now I have to deal with what it caused. Very disappointed because having a cold sore isn 't pretty. Just when I thought it was getting better, something else pops up. It was very expensive so I was really looking forward to a better  experience.
I was prescribed 10-20mg daily for high blood pressure. I do believe it did what it was supposed to do, and much more. While taking it, I developed a very annoying throat tickle which was accompanied by excessive mucus production in my throat. This would happen during the day and also went on all night to the point I would wake up literally gagging until I got it all hacked up. It got progressively worse the longer I took it and my wife was at her wits end with my excessive snoring. Also, I found that I was much less alert while on the drug to the point I rear ended at car on my commute to work one morning. I would highly advise anyone to take this medication with extreme caution. I have since stopped taking and all side effects are gone.
Was on Copaxone for 3 years. Horrid reaction after many injections as it seemed I was often hitting a vein. Huge welts from injections that took weeks to subside. Last straw was the killing of flesh on left arm. Surgeon said damage looked like a chemical burn from the inside out. Two surgeries to repair and have 8 inch scar as permanent reminder. This was back in 2003.
I hate it so far. I 'm not one to breakout and suddenly I have acne. These random pimples are on my back too! So depressing.  My anxiety spiked, dizziness, and I feel at times I 'm going to faint.  Seeking new birth control asap.
I 've had this birth control since December 2016 and am having it removed next week. I have gained around 20lbs that I cannot get off of me. I 'm always feeling depressed and the weight gain really has me even more depressed. One minute I 'm happy the next out of no where I 'm pissed off for no reason at all. I was on the nuvaring for 5 years and wasn 't told that after 5 years you have to take a break from it. It started messing up my cycles so I went to nexplanon and now I 'm going back to the nuvaring. I went maybe 3 months without a cycle but now I 've been spotting for almost 2 weeks, can 't handle that either.
Prescribed HCTZ 25mg a week ago today. This is my first experience with the drug. My BP was high and erratic, the drug is supposed to flush the excess salt from my system and help lower my BP.The first six days were fine, my BP was stabilizing and steadily decreasing. I didn 't have a problem with excessive urination because I take the pill at night before bed. I also lost water weight (5 lbs. approx.).The adverse effects started today, day seven. I woke up feeling congested and dry in my right nostril and had a dry bm (which never happens). I am also lightheaded with mild nausea. This med is not for me. I 'll work more diligently on alternative ways to lower my bp.
I used this the first time I had radiation and it really helped. I seem to have worse burning this time around and it doesn 't seem to be providing a lot of relief.
I am 22 years old and have had my Mirena for 13 months now. Mirena is care free, but popping a pill once a day is not that much of a chore either; which is why I 'm going back to oral contraception. After insertion I experienced constant discharge and bleeding for 2 months. Now, I don 't have bleeding at all, only spotting for about 2 days per month. The shortened periods are not worth it for me. I get serious stomach cramps and migraines before each period now. I used to experience only mild mood swings. There 's also dizziness, depression, irritability, insomnia and a VERY low sex drive (odd for a 22yr old). I want to get back to how I was before the Mirena, this is not the birth control for me.
Doesn 't work at all.  I 've been getting cold sores for my entire life and my mom always got me Areva because it 's supposed to be &quot;the best&quot; but it never worked- just a waste of money.  It makes your cold sore very gooey and gross.  I highly recommend Campho-Phenique Cold Sore Treatment which is a little less than $4 and works wonders.
Within 2 hours of taking the medication, my brain lit up, it felt like I was high. I couldn 't contain the energy, so I went for a run. By midway through the day I went to the park with my nephews, I took them on the swings. I thought I 'd go on with them, so I started swinging and it felt like I was going to die. The most terrible feeling of fear I have ever experienced. It felt like I was free falling. I had a total panic attack. At the end of it I freaked out and just needed to get home. Could barely drive or focus. By day two I started feeling terrible raw feeling in my stomach, fought the feeling of vomiting most of the day, exhausted detached. My brain would fluctuate between euphoria and complete inability to calculate or communicate.
I am going to try a different A/D as this is NOT working out. I started out taking 80 mg of Fetzima 3 months ago, &amp; the doctor lowered my dose to 40 mg about 6 weeks ago because of anxiety. Fetzima has worked for my depression but my anxiety is through the roof! I also sweat like a pig &amp; that causes my electrolytes to flush out, then I start getting severe body cramps. One moment I feel hot as can be, then the next I am cold as ice. I have &quot;never&quot; had side effects like this on any other A/D, and I am done with this!!
I 've had the rod 18 months now. In this time I 've gained weight a developed anxiety that bad I no longer have social life. I am in pain constantly ie back tummy headache I 'm exhausted everyday. I don 't even feel like a human. Also sore breasts irregular periods and insomnia. Joint pain the lot. Severe mood swings almost bipolar type. Seriously affected me also pain where it was. I personally Wouldn 't  recommend took over my whole life
still had recurring a flutter
So far this B.C. is effective I haven 't gotten pregnant again and my daughter 's almost 1yrs old. The thing I hate the most are the unpredictable cycles. My first cycle with this B.C. lasted 3-5days. I 'm pushing 3 weeks duration with cycle that I 'm currently on. To make matters worse it came at the most inconvenient time...2 days before a surprise Birthday cruise.
After finally getting around to reading about the possible side effects, I now know why I am having a major acne breakout, also nausea and very loose stools.  I don 't know what else I can do, but this medicine is not for me.
I have been taking this for almost a week for a diverticulitis flare up and IF this ever happens again I will ask if there is something else I can take. I agree I think this has made me sicker than I originally was. General listlessness, very dizzy, weird hunger pangs and foods don 't taste good or the same as they did.  Headaches! Looking forward to the last dose. A nurse friend suggested eating Activia yogurt while taking this to help with stomach problems.
I started taking this medication and my experience was not good.  Having said that, I figured out that if you chew gum this helps tremendously cut down on the awful taste in the mouth that this medication is known to cause.  I also take it with plenty of water and food.   My stomach is not too happy but I am only taking it for seven days.  
It seems now to not be working as well with my depression as it did 2 1/2 months ago. My psych upped the dose from 3 mg. to 6 about 8 days ago and I still feel depressed.  Has anyone else experienced Vraylar pooping out on them?
I find this medication helps with my depression- it  doesn 't get rid of it but makes me go weeks without having a breakdown, as for my anxiety I find it doesn 't really do anything for it. I 'm still struggling with social anxiety. I 'm on 200mg
I was taking Tri-Previfm, and then without my permission CVS switched me to this, claiming it was the same exact thing. Well I 'm not so sure. Since starting this I 've had a bunch of symptoms I 've never had on the other one like rapid heart rate, pins and needles headaches, and frequent infections. I never got pregnant and it regulated my periods. But other than that... This stuff is garbage. Not worth it.
Kind of useless on the pain I 'm in, was on it for 7 months, 4x a day   2x30mg ER and 2x30mg IR and I was still in pain and coming off it was a process. I never once took it other than prescribed and there is no doubt in my mind I was physically addicted to it. I weaned myself off for months to the point I was taking 1/4 a pill right when I laid down just so it did not feel like my skin was crawling as I tried to sleep. This is an addictive and useless pill for sciatica issues in my experience.
I tried the Naxplonon out for a year, mostly to see if things would eventually even out. At first I was getting a period every other month. The flow was heavy, the cramps were harsher then normal, and would last an entire week. During my time on it I didn 't experience any unusual weight gain or loss, my acne remained the same, I wasn 't emotionally crazy. I began to spot between cycles and the longer I stayed on it, the more the spotting progressed until I was getting a period about every other week. Intense PMS symptoms like I never experienced before, cramps that would render me useless, and just general fatigue and moodiness for an entire week, every other week. If heavy hormonal regimens effect you terribly, this may not be your method
I had the implanon inserted 17 months ago and everything was going great up until the 16th month. I started feeling crazy moody and fighting a lot more with my boyfriend about things that never use to bother me. I am extremely moody and have irregular periods. I think I am going to remove it because I have also noticed that it has made me super anxious. I have a constant tightness in my chest and I was never like this. I have also been super jealous and moody like never before. I 'm really considering taking it out soon.
I got the mirena inserted yesterday. I should have done the research before because after reading so many reviews, I may have passed and stayed on the pill.  The only reason I decided upon the IUD is because I trust my Dr. I have 2 children and still nursing my 11 month old. I am using this form of bc to prevent a 3rd pregnancy, at least until we are ready to make the decision. Being on the pill, it was too hard for me to remember to take it everyday. The only positive I can share is the actual use as a birth control.  The insertion was very painful. I wish I would have known about the possibility of anesthesia. The two Motrin 800 's I took prior did nothing for me.Day two and I am experiencing awful cramping.  No bleeding but pain.
I have Barrett 's Disease. This helps the pain somewhat but doesn 't make me feel well or have an appetite.  Maybe not compatible with other medicines.  
Hi, I 'm from the UK. I have been taking  atomoxetine for roughly 5 months for my ADD which was diagnosed late. The medication had been ok. Recently it 's impact on me has started to reduce. I feel that I am able to continue with tasks but am unable to apply focus on to the task. In other words I feel able to continue doing a thing but the quality of my effort seems diluted (beyond help). This is frustrating because I have to repeat things several times (such as reading things for my Masters degree). It has more or less ended other symptoms such as daydreaming, inability to continue at things, sleep problems, memory issues (though this to a smaller extent over time).I am going to get it changed though it works for some better than others.
Both times I have been put on Zetia I have suffered with tremendous body aching, especially in my arms and legs, to the point of not being able to sleep.
I used this most of my childhood and it didn 't really work.
Got this in on July 2nd, 2010. Have been bleeding ever since. Wonder if it will ever stop. I am angry, emotional, and have no sex drive at all! Not too sure if this is the method for me?
At first I loved paxil because I wasn 't crying all the time but even as I 'm writing this I feel like there are sprinklers going off in my head. I 'm always forgetting things, 0 sex drive, either I 'm in a euphoric state of mind or completely absent minded. I constantly feel stoned (and not the good kind).I just started a new job and I can hardly focus.
Ive been on this since i was 15 now 19, but at first I didnt experience any sympmtons except the daily discharge....but in the past year my mood swings are HORRIBLE, my period cramps have gotten worse, I feel very depressed and my sex drive is at an all time low! other than that it works good for not getting pregnant. I hate the way it is making me feel. I recently have stopped taking it in hopes that I will return to the normal me, and started bleeding four days after not taking it.
I 've been on nexplanon for 2yrs and 9 months(03/2013). It has been the worst mistake ever. I 've had sore breasts, bad acne, extremely weight gain, severe headaches, no sex drive, blurred vision, and constantly hungry.  I just had it removed 12/9/15. I couldn 't take any more. When I got it removed I felt something lift up off of me. I feel like a new person. The breast soreness went away instantly. The only thing I see good with it is no periods and I didn 't get pregnant. I didn 't have that many symptoms with the implanon which I had for 3 yrs before getting this one. But to each his own. This is my experience but everybody different.
Worst thing I 've ever done. Terrible mood swings, basically on my period for an entire year, and had some of the heaviest periods I 've ever experienced. Terrible decision. In terms of me not getting pregnant, it worked great. But that 's because we were hardly ever having sex. I had just about every side effect you can get from that thing. I would personally shy away from recommending this to anyone.
I 'm a 35 y/o army combat veteran. I have PTSD &amp; one of my biggest challenges is the ANXIETY &amp; PANIC ATTACKS. I was discharged when i was 25, but the anxiety has gotten worse. I can 't go into a market, target, mall or even outside when its very sunny. Apparently any stimuli triggers a panic attack for me.I wish that I had the experiences you guys have with sertraline. I took it for 3 days &amp; it was absolutely unbearable. I was super jittery. I had bad tremors. My hands &amp; fingers could not stay still. I could not sleep. I got mild lockjaw (especially when I yawned). It was horrible. &bull;&bull;&bull;BUT&bull;&bull;&bull; Somehow I did not suffer from any panic attacks whatsoever. My Dr. took me off that &amp; put me on mirtazapine. Ugh. I need help, seriously.
This medicine was horrible for me. Not only did it not help - it made my symptoms worse! The whole time I was on Lamictal, I was a raving lunatic and it brought my friends and family to their wit 's end.  I was dizzy all the time and never felt hungry. My hormones were all out of whack, causing my periods to be irregular and horrific. It also messed with my birth control and I wound up pregnant - a pregnancy that later failed due to further complications. I know this medicine works for some people but it 's not a miracle for everyone. I was on it for about 4 or 5 months.
I didn 't give Mirvaso a 0 or a 1 because it really does what it claims. I had mild rosacea and it seriously took it away within 30 minutes to an hour. The effect lasts about 10-12 hrs, and even by the time I 'm going to sleep the returning pinkness is only very mild...but then in the morning it 's on fuego. I don 't feel my face burning or anything, but it 's redder than my original starting point. I kept with the Mirvaso for a few days because even with the seemingly stronger redness I would wake up with, the Mirvaso would always erase it like magic for 10-12 hrs. Eventually the redness got so strong in the morning I stopped using it. It 's  been 3 days and my face is still way redder than usual with a few pimples which I usually don 't get.
I 've been taken Chateal for 7 months now. It 's been effective the whole time I 've been on it but it 's been a horrible experience overall. It did not help with my period in any way. My periods are still the same length, they 're heavier and my cramps are worse. Acne never played a part in this as a side effect since I 've never had a problem with acne. Taking Chateal literally made me feel insane. I have never in my life felt so sad and angry and depressed for no reason. I used to only cry getting close to my period and now I cry all the time the whole month about anything. I constantly felt depressed without a way out because I couldn 't figure out why I felt this way. No one should have to feel this way.
I stayed on this drug for 5-6 months, but it only helped a little bit.  Was also hard to adjust to, making me very sleepy during the first month.
Tried for a few months some years ago.  No side effects, didn 't seem as effective as Asacol for me.  Needs specific conditions in the gut to &quot;cleave&quot; into the active medication, I think my particular gut wasn 't suited.  Beware that not every med will work in everyone, Asacol included. Try meds and observe how you fare.
This pill worked great for clearing up my acne on my face and back. It took a few months but once it worked it really did help for that. It also worked really well at preventing pregnancy which it should. However, this pill made me gain like 10 pounds... I didn 't really notice when I was on it, but once I went off of it I lost a substantial  amount of weight...It also made me act crazy. I was constantly yelling at people and losing my temper. It didn 't have my friend gain weight when she took it so I guess side effects vary from person to person... I don 't think I 'd recommend it though.
I am a 27 year old first-time oral birth control user, and started on Levora 11 days ago. I know side effects are supposed to last for a few months then even out, but I don 't know if I can handle a few months of this! It has hit me in phases! The first phase was headaches (which I never get normally!), breasts sore beyond belief, and exhaustion. That has now shifted to hot flashes with lightheadedness followed by anxiety and LOTS of crying! I have also been constantly nauseous. Thinking of food makes me nauseous, but I 'm also starving and feel like I can 't eat enough! All I can hope is that this is also a phase and it will even out and I 'll just have to tough it out. But if it doesn 't ease up I think I 'll have to try a different pill. 
I just finished my 3 month course of shots. The first two months were not to bad but the third month has taken its toll on me. I can deal with the hot flashes but the joint pain has become very intense. The pain is disruptive where my hands are aching all the time. It keeps me up at night time then lack of sleep becomes a problem. I wish they would suggest a joint therapy program for you to take if you need because its not like you can just call up your doctor and see him right away.
I started this after my second lap surgery for my endometriosis. Had no problems the first month, but have now been bleeding nonstop for 6 weeks. I really liked the fact that I didn 't suffer from the side effects that I feel with a typical combination pill (weight gain, nausea, etc), but I cannot take the bleeding and pain anymore. I have had to take 2-3 pills a day to control the bleeding and am still experiencing spotting and cramps. I 'm sure that this is the right method for controlling endometriosis for some women, but it is definitely not right for me. 
I 'm 81yr old female was put on Eliquis 5 wks for Af and I 've had Severe stomach pain. Which I 've had a bad pancreas before this but my pain has increased by at least 50% and lots of short term memory loss. I 'm looking at getting off this medicine because I just can 't handle the stomach pain. Good luck to everyone .
I only used this product for a few days, I had to quit because not only did it dry out my skin but my eyes would dry out in my sleep and I couldn 't open them. Not a good feeling!
Hideous. Made me nauseous. Could not gag down the entire two bottles. Had a headache for hours. Couldn 't sleep because of hunger pangs. If I 'm not squeaky clean enough for them by now they can all go jump in a volcano.  NOT doing this medieval procedure again.
I have taken many different SSRI 's for over 30 years.  All worked for quite a while, but then I have to be switched to something else.  I have been taking Viibryd for 7 months and I am going to get off of it. I had some gastrointestinal issues at first, some awful, reoccurring realistic dreams, and withdrawal symptoms when I missed a dose by a few hours.  Now I have become an angry person with frequent headaches.  My depression is the worst it has ever been.  2% of the population will have problems with a medicine, so be aware that it might not occur when you first start taking Viibryd.  My insurance would not cover Viibryd until I had a special consideration form submitted by my Doctor.
I have been taking aubra for about almost two weeks now. I don 't know how to feel about it. I started gaining weight like crazy. I feel like I 'm starving 24-7 and I eat like crazy. I have mild head aches and I get really moody. I 'm always arguing with my bf for the smallest things. I guess I 'll keep taking it for the remaining of the month and then I 'll switch over to something else.
Pain management physician will prescribe this, but not anything stronger.  I have had degenerative disc disease for 17 years.  I have had three back surgeries, without success.  I have been on many medications in the past, with methadone working the best.  I weened myself off methadone because of side effects several years ago.  Physician 's won 't prescribe narcotics anymore because so many people abused them.  Tramadol will take the edge off my intense pain, but not enough to be considered a success.
I have taken Cymbalta for about a year and a half for fibromyalgia pain. It is greatas a pain reducer and an anti-depressant, however, the side effects outweighed any benefit I got from it. I had trouble with restlessness, being tired constantly,dizziness, dry mouth, numbness and tingling in my feet, and horrible sweating. I ambeing weaned off of it now. Went from 60 mg to 30mg and now to 15 mg. I will beoff completely in about a week. The fibro pain is coming back, but I would rather deal with it than the side effects.
Mood swings,  cramps occasionally,  causes spotting,  only good benefit was pregnancy prevention.
It gives me headaches.
I have had nexplanon since December 2013, and I 've put on 90 pounds, I have had terrible mood swings, more severe anxiety, depression, sleep problems, migraines, super sweaty, abdominal swelling and far worse cramps than without, and my breasts actually grew even bigger which is actually not good... And to top it off, I 'm almost constantly on my period. It sucks. I 'm not pregnant and that 's great, but bleeding constantly isn 't my ideal. I 'd rather not have sex than use this birth control!
Doesn 't work well for me. Still short of breath and I haven 't noticed any improvement. I 've been using it for a month.
When I first put it, in 6/2015 it was fine. After awhile my arm would hurt and itch. I would get moody every so often and I would spot every few months. And only one time I bleed for over a week. No weight gain till 2 1/2 year later when  I gained 35 pound 's. 10/2017. I 'm ready to take it out. It makes me want to eat more.
I switched to this one after being on another pill for six months. I switched because I gained 20 pounds in 6 months. I gained 5 pounds in three months with this one, but the worst part was the absolute emotional roller coaster I was on. I was cranky beyond belief a week before my period, worse than my normal PMS. I encourage people to give it a shot anyway. You never know it it will work for you!
I have been on the Implanon for two years and it 's OK expect I have gained weight and I still have my period I think it 's because the day I got it my period was on and it 's lasted for a month then it went off for like 2 months now it 's regular.
I got this in December of 2015. The first couple of months we 're okay, to say the least. Normal period, but as time passed my periods have become longer (lasting 12-18 days). It 's basically pointess to even be on this birth control if I never get to have sex with my boyfriend. Although, all the times we have made love it has been unprotected (no condom). But I 'm honestly getting really sick of being on my period nearly the whole month just to start again a  couple of weeks or so just to do it all over again. Seriously contemplating getting this removed. So I guess:A+ for it not letting me get pregnantF-- for making me feel like a big pile of poop for 12-18 days a monthC- over all though
I have just started taking Saphris 5 mg in the morning and find that within an hour I 'm exhausted and need to go back to bed most of the day! Not happy with this and am wondering whether it 's best taken at night? I was diagnosed bipolar type 2 a few months ago and am on lithium , Seroquel (which I 'm being weaned off), mirtazapine and lorazepam as needed. Thanks.
I had severe mood swings while on this medication. My periods were heavy, irregular, my cramps were painful it was truly an awful experience. I had it in for the full three years, and although it did its job of preventing pregnancy, since I 've been off it for three months I have never felt better. I lost the 20 pounds I gained on this medicine.
I 'm 19 and have been on this pill for two months now, and I do not like it at all. It has been very effective in regulating my period, and making it much more bearable, but the side effects make it not worth it at all. My skin has been out of control with painful bumps since I 've started it, I 've actually LOST weight from being nauseous all the time, and my mood swings have been absolutely awful. I break down over every little thing, and often for no reason at all. I am changing as soon as I can find a better, still affordable alternative.
It didn 't help with my cough or sleep like the Nurse said. I had better results with OTC meds.
Allegra gel tabs make me drowsy were as Regular Allegra does not make me drowsy
This medication made me feel dizzy, tired, muscle weakness and cramping. I felt un well daily.
I 've been on Nuvaring for over 2 years, and never noticed my side effects until I forgot to replace it one month, and discovered how much better I felt. Along with a lot of other comments, like serious abdominal pain (for the longest time I thought it was a stomach ulcer until I was tested for it and it came out negative). I lost all of my sex drive, along with natural vaginal lubrication (I now have to resort to lube every time). But I also experienced serious mood swings, headaches and depression, and the heavy discharge. I just recently went back on it, and realized all of these side effects started happening again, and am IMMEDIATELY ending my Nuvaring prescription. I think you should seriously take these comments into your decision.
I took my first dose of Depakote at night before bed. The next day I was so leveled out; I wasn 't talking fast it was great. The rest of the day starting around 1:00 p.m. I slept all day. I woke up at 12:00 a.m. with my eyes extremely wide and dilated, my skin on my arms and legs was swirling (like the Starry Night painting), the walls were moving and things on the wall were levitating up and down. I was up until 3:00 a.m. and an on call nurse told me to sleep so it would wear off; I have never taken this medication again. (Taken for Schizoaffective Disorder, Bipolar type)
update. took hysingla 30 mg for 1 month, with 10/325 norco. Hysingla A.M. gave severe headaches and nausea. I switched to 10pm and now I wake up less stiff, but can 't tell diff during day. I still do norco every 4 hours.  I had caudel epidural injection today. It was supposed to be my follow up appointment too, but never chance to speak to PA about new hysingla. She mentioned last month if I tolerated it well, she may increase does to 40mg. I 've tried to  research  80 mg  per day total, but cant find answer, I know thats what she 'll look at. I 'd like to call and ask about getting hysingla  corrected to 40 mg for this month instead.  I hate to waste money for no improvements again. I won 't know if caudel worked for few days yet, all other injections only lasted 1-2 wks. answers??
I was prescribed 4mg of Toviaz after Detrol LA (didn 't work) and Vesicare (didn 't work-increased dosage made me extremely tired). It seemed to work great at first. I was able to get 4-5 hours of sleep in a row without waking. However, the effects diminished around the 7-8 week mark, especially at night. I even changed my diet and followed the &quot;Your Way&quot; plan. I 'm trying the 8mg dosage today. I do like how Pfizer gives you a discount card. I pay only $5 out-of-pocket a month.
I was prescribed this along with my Effexor XR when diagnosed with mild BPD, Depression, ADD, PTSD. I originally took Abilify but discontinued it once I gained 30 lbs in a month. The Rexulti makes me feel tired and I cannot lose the weight I gained with the Abilify. I thought with the Adderall I started taking and with working out I would at least lose a few lbs. Nope! I think I am done with this med. I am in DBT, CBT therapy and I think that has had more of an effect on my impulsive behavior than this medicine. The only thing I have noticed with it is I have vivid dreams and am always hungry.
I was switched to Kariva because it was a generic version of the current birth control I was on. I do not recommend it. I would have my period normal one month and then I would get it again 2 weeks later. The second period would last for 2 weeks. It was great for controlling acne and I only gained 3 pounds being on it. It seemed to keep my mood swings down. The bad thing with it is I stopped taking it 2 months ago and I have not had a period since. I did a pregnancy test with my doctor and they verified that I was not pregnant. Down side of this is I went back to my regular birth control and I cannot start taking it until my period starts again.
OMG!!! As I read these reviews I 'm sitting here in the most intense itch I 've ever experienced. This was recommended by my friend and because I trust her I went ahead a brought the Monistat 1. I put the egg in and I was fine, but once I went to the bathroom all hell broke lose. The itching is unbearable!! This is worst than the YI itself. I 've never gone through this in my life and for the level of discomfort I am experiencing tonight, it better be gone in the morning. There is a slight stinging feeling but the itching is outrageous!!  Help me!!
I 've been using this product for over 2 years when I 've had YI 's. Never had any until I had kids. This stuff BURNS! SO BAD. I have a high pain tolerance and I 've not slept well in 2 nights. I 'm taking the 3Day this time in hopes that the burning would be minimal; but it isn 't.
I have been using Nuvaring for about 4 months now and have not been very impressed. I have had breakouts the entire time, lower back aches, HORRIBLE mood swings, it has slipped out more than once, and given me terrible anxiety. Since I recently stopped using it all symptoms have stopped and I feel normal again. I hope this helps anyone who is experiencing the same!
This worked great for me in regards to my overactive bladder. Sadly, it also made me feel like I had a urinary tract infection most of the time. NOT a good feeling.
I am starting week 4 on Chantix. I smoked for over 40 years and had planned to smoke a carton the first week on Chantix as my last hurrah. I was actually very disappointed to loose my craving after the first few days. I have been smoke free for 15 days.  Side effects are minimal. Have gained some weight and still get cravings but they are short lived and can be put aside.  I do miss the simple pleasure of smoking.
I don 't really know
I got on the nexplanon on March 2015. When I was 140, I have recently got it taking out and I now weigh 170. I gained 30 pound while on this birth control. I also had mood swings, pain from the birth control to my elbow, head aches, my breast was always hurting. I didn 't like this birth control method at all and I would not recommend it to anyone else as well. This and the depo shot has been the worst birth control methods I have ever used. I suggest not to use this birth control method at all.
I 'm a 19 year-old male college student. I 've been on Strattera 100 mg (another non-stimulant like Intuniv) for the last 4-5 years, but I wanted to try another drug because Strattera is starting to be less effective. While on Intuniv, I 've noticed that it is doing what it 's supposed to (decrease in anxiety, hyperactivity, and increase in focus), but the side-effects are almost not worth it. I 've been on Intuniv for two weeks now, and I 've been on the 3 mg capsule for the last few days. But, I don 't know if I 'll be able to finish out the month due to a number of things. I 've experienced extreme dry mouth, headaches, INCREASED appetite, and extreme fatigue at awkward hours. I 've also found it impossible to wake up in the mornings.
I 'm 55/ male and recently experienced a seizure during a visit at an MD clinic upon falling from the cart I was on and striking my head, I then had a subsequent episode two weeks later. I was started on Keppra 500mg twice daily, It has now been almost a week and since starting my appetite has tanked, I have had profound anxiety attacks,and insomnia along with occasional emotional lability, Also ataxia when walking. Don 't know if I wanted to continue this, but will speak with my neurologist next week.
I had severe depression when we moved from a house I loved in the country to a smaller house I hated by the river in a little suburb that I 'd always detested.  Celexa works.  Most definitely but it works too well.  After being on it for 11 years, I became emotionless.  I had no feelings either way.  It also helped me to put on 50  pounds.  At 61, I decided to stop it.  I weaned my self off by cutting the pills in half, then in quarters, then none.  The side effects are the worst of any medication I 've ever experienced....dizziness, SEVERE depression, SEVERE happiness, experiences in my head that I can only describe as &quot;zits&quot; that were instantaneous moments of dizziness or a feeling of a bug &quot;zipping&quot; by your head, fatigue, jitters.
Ambien didn 't work for me at all and made me restless &amp; crazy. Tried Belsomra 10 mg last night (I 'm a small person and tend to be quite sensitive to meds). I think the dose was fine. Falling asleep was pleasant and reminded me of how I used to fall asleep before the insomnia -- all good. But it did not stop me from waking several times in the night, particularly between 2-4, with restlessness; I was able to return to sleep pretty quickly each time though. But after 9 hours, I woke feeling like I had been in REM sleep all night -- sort of skimming along the surface of sleep but not going deep for most of it. I don 't feel refreshed at all and fell back asleep in the chair after a full cup of coffee. Not for me.
I suffer from chronic TMJ, I can 't eat apples, steak, most foods that require you to open your mouth, or my jaw will emit a loud bone-breaking-sounding CRACK followed by waves of intense pain WAY beyond the acceptable threshold.  I 'm only 33.  An MRI, CTScan, several X-Rays, and worthless visits to &quot;Specialists&quot; did nothing but empty my bank account and receive the news that I have &quot;two displaced discs in my face, and there 's nothing we can do.&quot; I was about to give up then said heck with it and sought out a pain specialist.  She witnessed the horrific noise, saw the X-rays and surgeon notes, and immediately put me on ZoHydro 20mg (twice a day) and thinking my woes were addressed, then they reformulated it and it 's like taking aleve.
My husband died from taking Lialda. He had been taking it for 3 months and it totally depleted his white blood cells. When he was admitted to the hospital, he was taken to ICU ISOLATION on a Fri. and  died Wed. Autopsy confirmed he died from the Lialda!
I consumed the Berry Smoothie Readi-Cat as directed prior to a CT scan. When I was leaving, the technician handed me a bottle of water, and told me to be sure to drink enough liquids. He did not explain why. I failed to consume much water following the exam; I was busy around town doing errands and it slipped my mind. Later, I have found that there have been residual effects of some joint inflammation,  that is apparent in my right knee joint area in particular. I suspect that this product has the potential to contribute to inflammation. I 'm not sure if it is the barium sulfate in particular, although I had a CT scan a few years ago and don 't remember this side effect. It could be the agents used to flavor it, or to keep it in suspension.
This is not as amazing and magical as most of the raters here are saying. My dermatologist prescribed this to help with hyperpigmentation and inflammation my acne caused. It helped with niether. It barely works on the smallest of pimples. I just think the American market sucks for acne because I haven 't really found something effective and affordable. When I was in DR I used stuff that cleared my skin up in a night. Sadly it can only be bought there :(
After three weeks on Copaxone, I broke out in hives.
I have had Nexplanon since May 2014.  At first it was going really well - I didn 't have any side effects and didn 't get a period for about 6-8 months.  Then when I finally got one it was VERY heavy and lasted for about a month.  After that, I started getting them every few months (still not that bad).  Starting in December it has really gone haywire.  I get a period just about every other week and the last one was so heavy and disgusting that I can 't take it anymore.  Before this, I was relatively cramp free and my periods were very light.  Now it is just too much.  I have an appointment to get this out a week from today.  Only positive is I did not get pregnant.
I have had the Implanon for two years now, personally it is more hassle then it is worth. My periods are heavy and long lasting sometimes for over a month. There is often a tiny break between one period ending and the next starting, which is knackering. Every few months it will disappear altogether which is a god send. When it returns my emotions/ mood swings are extreme.
I started Junel 2 months after I had my baby, and it immediately made me gain 10 pounds. It also made me depressed, anxious and crazy moody. I know it 's the pills because I was maintaining my weight well after I gave birth and was not feeling depressed at all. I 've decided to finish up the pack and not take any birth control pills after this at all, although it did make my periods lighter, it was not worth it for me.
I 'm extremely sensitive to the side effects of these medicines. Remeron is the only one I can tolerate (and it doesn 't give me enough relief by itself). Brintellix 's side effects reminded me of Pristiq 's--falling asleep during the day, not able to sleep at night but it worked on my Interstitial Cystitis and it reduced my appetite, so I 'm going to give it a longer trial in the summer when school is out and I 'm not working.
3rd month, 3rd postI am happy to report that the getting 1-2 pimples every single day, HAS STOPPED! I am so happy. I originally started this pill to get less break outs/nopregnancy. I went from getting 2-3 pimples before my cycle break out to getting 2-3 EVERY day the moment I started this pill. Has been very difficult, but accepted that the pill is a shock to your syndrome and it takes months for your body to adjust, to just stick it out. I am on my 2nd wk of month 3 and I have only gotten ONE new pimple. All the red marks left on my face from the constant breakouts, are almost completely gone. Not to mention, I have always considered myself very emotionally aware/stable, but this pill has mellowed me out to a whole new level. Love it!
I 've always been one for depo but my doctor advised me to try lolo, I agreed. The first months worth I didn 't like and questioned a lot of things. Seemed like I had a never ending period, all over the place and lasted for days. My breast were really tender, felt very nauseated to the point of almost vomiting, pelvic cramps, mild mood swings, UTI, discharge. When I went on antibiotics for the UTI I was told the pill will be less effective, my doctor never considered my age (32) as a factor which puts me at more of a risk. I am losing weight I can not maintain. I. Not happy with this product, not enough testing and I 'm going back to depo.
I 've been taking latuda 40mg for almost 2 weeks. I was feeling less depressed, my mood had stabilized but I felt a lot of anxiety, more than before I started the medicine. Looking back and thinking about where I am today, irritable, angry and feeling confused. I may be having a manic episode that the medicine may have induced.
I used to take Celexa when I was very young, and just started it back up today, and I know generally it takes 2-4 weeks to see any real results but let me just say even after only 1 day I can already feel a slight difference. I feel a lot more mellowed out. It may be the placebo effect (me thinking I feel better because I know I took something) but I do feel a bit more calm than usual. I did experience some drowsiness and a little bit of dizziness but it didn 't exceed any more worse than that, and it didn 't last long. I would definitely recommend this medicine to someone suffering anxiety and depression.
I finally found an alternative to Ambien in Silenor. My doctor prescribed me some and so far have been very very happy with the results. Full 7 hours of sleep without waking and the best part.. No daytime drowsiness and no addiction! Finally. It 's about time. Silenor where have you been all these years?
I have had type 2 diabetes for almost 2 decades. I had to stop taking Metformin after taking it for years because it was making me violently ill - as in purging from both ends simultaneously - just randomly, out of the blue. I got off of Metformin and started taking Glipizide about a year ago. I also have been taking 100mg Januvia for several years. This past week on Tues, I stopped taking Januvia, and took my first dose of 1.5 mg Trulicity. I am still taking 10-20 mg Glipizide per day as well.It 's only been two days, and the worst thing I can say about it is that my appetite is gone, and I 'm dealing with fairly mild nausea, burping, tiredness. Sure my glucose numbers are down -- cause I 'm not able to eat.
1) Have become very forgetful. 2) I daze out alot. 3) Hard breathing sometimes.4) sleeplessness.5) constantly have to be moving.6) no real drive
I had an upper respiratory infection. It worked in clearing things up, but I experienced many side effects which included nausea, dizziness, lightheaded, pressure in the head and vomiting every time I took my prescription. I took my prescriptions with food and water and followed directions by the book. It seems to have many benefits but some of the side effects are not fun to say the.
I have had the series of three shots and am not feeling better.  I felt better after the first shot but now I 'm feeling the same old way.  It hurts to climb or descend stairs, walking for prolonged periods hurts, my knees still hurt.  Is there a time frame for the injections to talk hold and you feel better?
Only works sometimes with cramps and withdrawal.  I went back to using  colon cleanser.
I have been taking the anastrozole now for 11 months. I have stage 1-Her2 stage 3 breast cancer. Had a lumpectomy. also went through 3 months of Chemo and 30 radiation treatments. My hot flashes continue to get worse by the day. My hands are constantly sore especially in the morning. My legs and knees have been getting worse to where I cannot get up after stooping down. Getting on my knees is impossible. Some days I think I am losing my mind. I forget what I am saying in the middle of a sentence. My husband is worried about me and is constanty making sure I 'm ok.I have also been steadily becoming depressed. ( I am a very positive and happy person as a rule ) I don 't feel like myself. Hate this pill. I am only 63.
For those of you experiencing negative side effects...I was on NuvaRing for 4 years.  During that time I became depressed, and cramps and back pain were unbearable.  I have discontinued use of NR and feel better. All side effects are gone! When I discussed this with my Dr., she stated that some women naturally produce a normal level of hormones.  When these women are on birth control, it can cause all of these side effects due to having an elevated level of hormones.  The opposite effect happens to women that don 't naturally produce a normal level of hormones, leading them to actually feel better and not have all of these side effects. Which is why some women do well and feel great on birth control and others don 't.
Does the job, but tastes revolting, like drinking berry flavored sea water. It took me an hour and a half to get the first dose down and I only managed 2/3 of the second dose before vomiting. However I 'd followed advice online and cut back my diet 2 days prior (both quantity and low fibre) and pretty much the first dose was all I needed to clean out so my prep was fine.Dr just told me there is another lower volume prep available, but insurance does not cover ($100), but it would be worth it next time for me.Tips to get it down - refrigerate beforehand, drink through straw, have water and something else (I used tonic water) to swill around your mouth after each sip to get rid of the taste.  I also used a hard boiled candy on my tongue.
I had stage 3 breast cancer have been through chemo, radiation and have been on Femara for 4 months.  I started on Aromasin but had terrible joint and muscle pain so my oncologist changed me to Femara.  My joints and muscles feel better but I am so tired that even my oncologist tells me I look worn out.  I will live with the fatigue as I know this medicine works.  I am 58 and I can no longer do what I did less than a year ago.  I ride a bike 40 minutes a day, I eat healthy but I just have no vitality.  I miss my old self.
I am finally deciding to get this implant removed. It works well for preventing pregnancy. But it altered my moods HORRIBLY. During the first month especially, I had panic attacks and anxiety, unlike anything I ever experienced before. I would cry over nothing, or get anxious or fearful. I was extremely stressed at work, even though the only thing that was different was that I had this freakin implant in my arm. I cried almost everyday, and was emotional just like my old PMS symptoms but 10000% worse. Then for about 2 weeks after the crazy heavy periods this medication caused, I felt normal and okay.. UNTIL I started my next period, then it was back to crying all the time, feeling sad out of no where, feeling DEPRESSED and unhappy :(
The Nexplanon is effective in preventing pregnancy. However, I experienced two pretty severe side effects while using it. A week after insertion I developed terrible acne, then about two months in experienced depression. I do not have a history of depression or a family history of this. It came out of no where very quickly and was really quite bad, the worst of it lasting a week or so then slowly fading away. I felt right away that it was likely the Nexplanon. I had it removed and my symptoms ceased and have not had a reoccurrence of depression or the acne since having it removed.
My PCP suggested I take this to help with severe congestion. I took 3 doses of the 12 hours (max strength) at the prescribed intervals. Basically one that afternoon, then one the next morning and one that evening. That night I COULD NOT SLEEP.  I have never had problems sleeping, and usually could find some way to read for a bit or do a relaxation exercise in the event it took longer than normal.I 'm normally asleep by 10 or 11. It 's now 4 am, I am not one bit sleepy and I have to get up for work in 2 hours. Should be an interesting day.
I got mine in April 2014, since then I have had constant periods, head aches, acne, and my arm where the implant us very very sensitive. I would definitely get it taken out if it wasn 't for the fact I don 't want a child and my boyfriend likes me having it so we are worry free. But knowing I can 't go a week with out at least spotting makes me more then depresed. I HATE having to wear a panty liner ALL the time. I don 't recommend it. Get the shots every 3 months. I believe I am about to make the switch
Been on this BC for about 2nd or 3rd month now and never had a problem until this month thought it could of been different reasons but now that I look at the reviews people have had similar problems period usually last maximum normal 5 days and its been over 10 days spotting most annoying thing in the world still debating on changing to different BC...
Extreme diarrhea
I have been taking this medication for about 3 weeks, and I am using a generic over the counter brand.  When I started the medication, I was told to be prepared for some slight constipation.  What I wasn 't told was that this medication would cause me terrible diarrhea.  For the last week and a half I have been having watery diarrhea 5-7 times a day, and this side effect is more negative and has impaired my life more than the anemia did.  Got off the medication 3 days ago, but the diarrhea still hasn 't stopped, and doesn 't show any signs of stopping soon either.  Wanted to write this review for anyone who was only told to expect constipation like I was, it isn 't always the case!!
While it is effective in that I have not gotten pregnant, it has not been an overall positive experience for me.. Since getting Nexplanon 3 months ago, my period has come about every week and a half and then between the periods I 'm almost constantly spotting. I called to see about having it removed but the doctor said that many women stop getting their periods after the first six months so she advised that I wait until the end of the year to remove it. If I 'm still spotting and having these miserable periods by the end of the year I will definitely get it removed although I am hoping they stop so I can keep it because I like not having to worry about getting pregnant or needing on-hand contraception with me. It takes away the worry factor.
I gave it a 4/10 because obviously it works for birth control if that 's your main purpose of using this pill. In my case I was using this pill as an aid for acne, I had been on accutane twice and countless types of medications and topical creams so my dermatologist suggested trying birth control. I will NEVER recommend this for someone trying to help their acne. My skin is worse than it has ever been and I have never been more self conscious in my entire life and I start my senior year of high school in less than a month, I regret my decision to go on this pill, it has come to the point where I literally do not even want to go out in public and I do not wear makeup nor do I like make up and I do not want to have to start wearing it.
Unfortunately, this is the second time I have had to endure this medication. The bottom line is, on each occasion the chlamydia infection has been treated. However, the process of getting there is nothing short of debilitating. I am not the type to complain and can take pain well but I cant stress this enough. Do not take this and go to work!!!! I am currently sitting at my desk in agony, the abdominal pain is so extreme it has me bent over.   I know from previous experiences this is likely to last for anywhere between 3-6 hours and only kicked in about 2 hours after first consumed. Take with caution
For a little while it did make my ADHD feel better but all of a sudden extreme depression hit me and I was sleeping ALL of the time!
I 've been on this birth control for 4 months now. Once Inserted, I stopped bleeding for 2 weeks and ever since then I 've bled and spotted nonstop. I started breaking out a lot along my cheeks and chin which does mean it 's hormonal and also on my back which is something I 've never experienced before. I also swear my hair is getting thinner, everyone says otherwise but I believe I know my body the best. I have an appointment in 2 weeks to get it removed. I 'd deal with the spotting and some acne if I didn 't have to deal with thinning hair. Please remember what doesn 't work for me MAY work for you.
I have a love/hate relationship with Trulicity. I was taking 1.5 injection weekly for six months. Yes, you 'll lose weight because you 're nauseated and fatigued. Just the smell of food can make you feel ill. Because of a Dr./insurance situation I didn 't take the dosage for two weeks. I began to feel better with appetite returning and having energy back. My fasting numbers are up to 100-130 (80-100 when on dosage), but I hope there is an alternative to having to take Trulicity. It was not a good match for me.
I have been on Ativan since January 2011, started out with 0.5mg then went to 1mg and have felt better. I used them not only for my anxiety but also to sleep because I have a hard time sleeping at night. I now feel that I can stop taking the medicines for the anxiety, have not had an attack for months but take the medicines to sleep at night. I tried to stop taking Ativan and the withdrawals were so bad I had to start taking them again and now going to see my doctor to help me come off them. 
I was on it for 2 years and it 's cleared my skin and kept my periods insanely regular (I could tell you down to a 6 hours time frame when my period was coming). However, it left me fatigued and unmotivated. My school work suffered due to that. I may even say I had very mild depression while taking this. Not the pill for me.
I took Cymbalta for 4 days for anxiety, panic attacks and mild depression. I read many reviews and wondered whether I should stick with it despite the side effects, but in the end I just couldn 't. I 've been on Lexapro and Effexor before and I was expecting the same type of side effects: dry mouth, nausea, headaches. But this was a lot worse. I was sleeping ok before, and started having insomnia from Cymbalta. My heart was also racing, which for a panic attack sufferer, is the worst thing that can happen. I almost stopped eating, no appetite at all. I also started feeling really low, super anxious and depressed, and could only go through the day with the use of alprazolam. In the end I spoke to my doctor and I will now start on Pristiq
I had a low-grade urinary tract infection for weeks that I mistook for a yeast infection, finally went in for a culture, and then took a week 's worth of Macrobid. The infection subsided after 3 days, but came back almost immediately after I stopped taking the medicine.
I got way to many mental and physical negative side effects and it didn 't seem to help that much. Although at times I felt I could pay attention better. I was only on 10mg. My doctor told me to stop taking it and now I have to see a psychiatrist.
I started this pill about three weeks ago. I 've been crying non-stop. Not to mention I get irritated quickly and my moods are up and down. It 's affecting not only me but my love life. I started doubting my now long term boyfriend loving me. Before I started this pill my depression was starting to get better then BAM I 'm on this pill and I start sleeping over and over again, I feel bored/worthless in life once again.Also the side effect of getting pimples, my skin was clear before this. I 'm changing my pill.
I have been on this pill for over 2 months now, and good news I have not got pregnant (me and my partner stopped using the withdrawl method and condoms). But that is the only thing I like about this pill. The first month I was on the pill I was fine I had no complications, but right after I started my second pack I got my first period and it lasted 10 days and it was heavy and crampy everyday. (usually it was only heavy and crampy the first day and usually it was only 5 days). I then started getting awful mood swings where i was angry and upset all the time. I am going to switch my pill the end of the 3 months.
I took Trileptal over 2 years ago and had horrible side effects.  Started at 1500mg with no change in mood and with no side effects.  Raised it to 2400 Mg (Max dosage) and was in a constant drunk/high haze all day.  20 minutes after taking it I couldn 't walk in a straight line.  My parents would spend an hour some mornings trying to get me to wake up.  My managers wouldn 't let me work cause it was too noticeable I was &quot;high&quot;. Trileptal seems to help a lot of people so this isn 't to discourage people for taking it.  
Well  a couple of years ago when I was 16 when I decided to get on the nuvaring . Long story short my sex drive was non existent. I also had vaginal dryness and even if we did do it it was painful. It also caused me to have UTIs I 've never had one in my life before then. I stopped 5 months after starting. It was awful the only good thing was that my periods were regular.
I stopped my 4-5 time nightly peeing down to 2-3 but I get dizzy standing sometimes and always when outside in the heat playing golf. Never let myself get dehydrated and now drink electrolyte mixture. Does not interfere with outdoor exercise or biking  (don 't get dizzy).
I have been taking Previfem for about three years now. The beginning of each new pack I get extremely sick to the point of puking all night &amp; can 't keep anything down. On the bright side, I 've had a lot of unprotected sex &amp; I haven 't gotten pregnant so it does work for birth control.Time to switch. Can 't handle the up all night sickness anymore.
I started up on 250mg and ended up at 1500mg.  I noticed very subtle effects if any.  Hard to remember, I went through a lot and was on Seroquel also at the time.  Seemed to have a slight calming effect.  However after time it raised my liver enzymes and lowered my platelet count (which is a potential side effect)  So I went off of it.  I don 't have many hypomanic episodes and never a manic episode so I don 't know why my dose got that high.  Didn 't notice anything significant.  Gained 20 lbs, made me sick and tired.  Wasn 't for me.
I used to take Viagra on occasion and it worked great. I even was able to split 50mg in quarters. Doc recommended Cialis at 2.5mg first. Took for 2 week no results. Then he gave me 5mg and he said I can take up to 4 5mg at a time. Still no where near the firmness of Viagra. It took hours to start working and firmness would last about 5 minutes. I could get hard again but I 'll lose it fast. Goes to show not all meds work for all.
I had my period on January 16-20 and I had unprotected sex but also used a condom when he was about to come. This happen on January 21st that same day (January 21st) I took the next choice pill about and hour after sex, then a week later on January 27th I started spotting it only lasted 4 days it wasn 't normal because it was much lighter then my normal period today is February 23rd and my period is two days late I 'm just wondering if it 's the pill that is making my period be late or does the light period/spotting counts like a real period? Or Is there chances I might be pregnant? Btw it was my first time using the brand next choice if somebody has gone through the same please let meKnow! Thanks
Insertion date was 4 May 17 &amp; as of 4 Jul 17 I 've been on my period for over 3 wks.  The doctor stated I would have side effects and to give the birth control at least 6mths to adjust within my system.  I use to have very painful periods before &amp; now my period is painless but I 'm hoping &amp; praying that my period does regulate over the next 6mths.  As men would say it 's not normal to bleed this long and not be dead lol =)  So I 'm hopeful that maybe the bleeding will subside but as I read other comments I am very concerned about hair lose and falling into depression.  I am having slight weight gain but I 'm 5 '9in so it 's not noticeable.  I have chronic acne but my acne has minimized since being on nexplanon, so that my upside at this time~
PA gave me this drug took the pain away but left me with diarrhea the first day. The second day I took my dose, afterwards I got weak and lightheaded and could not eat. I called the office and they said I could discontinue use if I wanted to so I did.
Was prescribed Saxenda at a London clinic for cosmetic weight loss. I have had gastric weight loss surgery in 2012, lost 4 stones, but in 2016 started gaining a pound a month. Once I got 18lbs back on I was desperate - I try to follow slimming world but I stress eat.Saxenda was easy to use.But..made me so ill I had to take three days off work. Chest pain, blurred vision and headache. The first two days it did suppress my appetite and I thought it was a wonder drug, but on day three and four I was starving, but eating made me very sick. Stopped for three days, then tried again, to give it a fair trial.Chest pain immediately, blurred vision.Lost 2lbs in 10 days - mostly through vomiting.
I 've been on alesse now for about 5 years and I 'm going to switch pills. It 's never helped with my acne nor my period pain and it 's made me EXTREMELY irritable and very very moody and depressed. I went off it for a year and it I was instantly happier and my skin wasn 't as bad and I had regular period pain. As far as being a contraceptive it 's worked so far *knock* *knock* I would not recommend this if you are sensitive to medication.
I have been off and on focallin XR 10mg debating weather I like it or not, I HATE IT. It increases my attention by a little bit. I like the loss of appetite because I need to cut down on eating and this does it for me. But it is not worth it. 7 hours of school (9th grade) the whole day was terrible. I was scared about nothing and constantly had fear through the whole day, apparently feelings of crying is very common. I can 't talk to anyone either. I get so scared that I 'm gonna mess up somehow talking to someone that I studder and over explain and in the end just make things more confusing. This is just not for me
I can 't really say they did or did not work because I didn 't feel extra crappy but I didn 't feel the greatest either
Started with 2mg in addition to mirtazipine, didn 't notice much difference.  Now up to 5mg, for about a week, and still don 't really notice any difference in my mood.  Everything is blah.  Life is blah.  This drug has really not done anything good or bad for me.
Bad taste in mouth can be helped in my opinion by sucking fruit pastilles, the ones with sugar on. Had this drug before. Smaller doses ok., but the 500mg x 2 per day is awful. Will not be prescribed with this again!!
Was on 150mg for three weeks then went up to 300mg for a week.  Had to stop taking it.  Had a weird experience where I was standing beside a running shower; just standing there in a daze.  Not for like 10 seconds, but standing there, standing there...   That was the last time I took them, now on Lexapro.
I 've had acne for over 4 years of my life. I am now going into freshman year of high school and I 'm on my 6th month of Tretinoin A treatment. Honestly, I just want to call it quits, because my skin has been going through the &quot;purging&quot; phase for, as I repeat, 6 MONTHS. It honestly keeps getting worse. There would be times where the center of my face would redden and grew even more pimples (which I originally did not have) and my cheeks were also affected too. My tip is to not sleep on one side of your pillow (if you are one of those sleepers) and to have a balanced diet. I 'm going back to my dermatologist in September, so that I may have another treatment.
I 've been on it for two months and 5 days and it 's worked great for making my period SUPER light and lessened the pain of cramps.. But I lost my appetite and hardly eat anything, I 'm overly moody, I get nauseated really easily, breast tenderness that went away after awhile. It 's awesome for my periods but I think this dosage is just too strong for a first timer on birth control.
PHYSICALLY ADDICTIVEIt worked amazingly for what they were prescribed for (anxiety, depression, eating disorders) at first, but coming off has been awful and the doctors don 't warn you about it. Do not try to come off cold turkey! Withdrawal made me feel like there was electrical current in the back of my brain, and the longer I went without it, the shorter the intervals between the brain zaps are. I still get it sometimes, but only if I forget to take it. I became really unfocused and disorientated for 2 weeks. I couldn 't have conversations or work - I had no attention span and couldn 't function.  I had to go back on them. They only go down to 20mg so I take halves, first every day, now every other. I 've been trying to get off it for over 2 years
Let me start off by saying - this drug works.  For most, if not all of middle/high school, I had very bad acne that was resistant to doxycycline, minocycline, proactiv, Murad, benzoyl peroxide, salycilic acid, and all the wipes I could get my hands on.  You more than likely will be free from acne at least for a few years after treatment, and it 's absolutely wonderful!  Being able to walk around without having to check mirrors for a new red/white bump on your face is as great as you think it will is.  Unfortunately all this comes at a cost, which is why they 're so serious and cautious when giving it to you.  They still don 't know exactly how it works - only that it 's permanent.  It doesn 't just affect your acne it affects your entire body.
I was on Naltrexone almost a month. And hadn 't been drinking for three weeks. But this week I went on vacation and took one Corona and it started again. Craving is back and every day I want more and more dose of alcohol. I 'm having follow up appointment with my doctor this week . I will let him know.
Never had it, but need it.
I started taking Orsythia for unbearable menstrual cramps, and stayed on it for about 6 months. It immediately regulated my period and made the cramping almost disappear, but some of the side effects made it not worth it. No weight gain or acne, but my anxiety was through the roof. I would have major meltdown anxiety attacks on a daily basis and would get incredibly  emotional from the slightest amount of stress. I could not handle much of anything and was constantly overwhelmed and lethargic. My mood swings were awful and put a lot of stress on my relationship. I 've been off this pill for 2 months and my anxiety is SO much better. This pill does wonders for cramps, but I would not recommend it to anyone with a history of anxiety issues.
I have been on Nuva ring for quite a few years I though it was great and loved that I didn 't have to think about taking a pill but as the years have went by I 'm noticing I 'm not myself still getting chest pain and leg pain tired all the time no patience, no libido very emotional not sure what to do. I don 't do well with hormones but this ring is giving me UTI 's and yeast inventions - I hate birth control
I started taking Apri as a replacement for Seasonique. My sex drive is completely gone and my cramps are horrid. I 'm not pregnant though, and its really cheap. My period is on time every month and very light but the negatives definitely outweigh the positives. Whats the point of being on birth control if I don 't even want sex?
Phentermine gave me ulcerative colitis. Started taking them at the age of 32. A diet doctor gave them to me. Within a few months my life had changed. Always had to go to the bathroom. Ruined my life. Now I am taking pills. Have to see my Gastroenterologist doctor every few months. Also have to have a colonoscopy every three years to make sure the pills are working.
I don 't know if it helped my condition, but it gave me a mild headache 24/7. That was not an acceptable side effect for me.
I took this medication last month and the first 7 days were so bad I stopped.  The normal side effects of nausea, diarrhea and migraines.  My doctor convinced me to give  it another go.  I must say it is not as bad the second time. I have been back on it for 3 days and as long as I stay hydrated and take tylenol as soon as I feel the headache come on it hasn 't been as bad and I can mange the diarrhea. I wish I would have stuck through because I would be 2 months into treatment. Better late than ever.  don 't give up
3 months ago I was on Macrobid for a UTI.  On the 5th day of taking it (last day), I had a hard time breathing during the night and I thought that I was catching a cold or something.  It went away fairly quickly so I didn 't associate it with this antibiotic until yesterday.  I have another UTI and was prescribed Macrobid again.  It worked great in taking away my UTI the first time, so I didn 't think anything of it.  Took the first dose yesterday morning with food and was fine.  Took the 2nd dose before bed with food and that 's when I realized I made a mistake.  I was up ALL night because I was having a HARD time breathing.  I felt like I couldn 't catch my breath.  When I got up this morning and saw the side effects.  How scary!
I have mercury-poisoning induced Bipolar II and took Lamictal. It made me feel great until I ended up in the hospital with erythema multiforme covering my whole body and aseptic meningitis. I was very disappointed because I was starting to feel really good on it. Andy Cutler Protocol has been the best treatment for me thus far, but I really wanted something to eliminate the depressive episodes (my manic ones are mild) while I get all the mercury out.
Terrible insomnia, took the brand name for years and got sleep, on my second month of the  generic and now its not working, At first the generic was working and I was groggier in the morning now a few weeks later I am not getting the knock out effect and waking after less than 5 hours last night I maybe slept 2 hours if at all...
helped me quit smooking...severely addicted to the gum...lost sex drive and massive erection problems...since i stopped the nicoret things are getting better !!! Took 110 gums per week for 10 years....big mistake....Hope to get back to normal soon !!!!
After 10 years on Oral medications for Type 2,  I was finally advised to go on injectable Bydureon.  I am adverse to needles and never injected before.  I have been injecting for 3 weeks.  First week, was trial with no issues to report.  Second week,  I had a injection sight reaction- some bruising which faded over a number of days.  Third week,  no issues.  I have not seen most of the negative side effects. No sickness, No Nausea.  I did notice that the medicine makes you feel full, but it did not take away my appetite. I had did have some mild heart burn. Not sure if it is associated. The Pen/Needle is larger and a little more intimidating. I have not seen any significant improvement in my glucose control at this point.
I am so glad to see I 'm not the only one who had a bad experience with this! I was also switched from neocon, and made to feel crazy when I told the pharmacist this did not feel the same as the neocon. I experienced a lot of nausea, sometimes waking me up in the middle of the night. Headaches, dizziness. Really painful period, weight fluctuation, terrible mood swings. Increased vaginal discharge. Neocon was certainly better. I just switched to aviane, thankfully a new doctors office was able to help me do so. I 've been in aviane before and it was worlds better.
My 14 yo dtr used this med at the recommendation of our pediatrician.  Just like many others, soon after inserting the med she experienced burning and itching. She was crying and crawling on the floor. We tried warm bath and that helped. Gave her benadryl also. 2 and half hours after inserting it she is asleep with an ice pack between her legs. Not sure yet what the results will be yet.  Pretty sure she will never use this again!
I am on week  4 of Rexulti .  I have to say it has gotten me up and on my feet. Unfortunately it has made my anxiety so bad I feel like I am standing on the edge of a cliff trying to decide which way to turn to stop the discomfort. I have chest pain and just a general unease. No way to relax so I will be stopping this medication as off today.
I 've been on this pill for less than a month and it 's been awful - I wanted to see if it would help lessen the duration and heaviness of my period but I 'm terrified that it 's going to make it worse - my ance has been out of control this past month on my other pill I would get the occasional pimple around the start of my period but this is just ridiculous I 've been experiencing cramps and digestive problems all month and didn 't think it would be the pill but I 'm switching back to yaz this stuff sucks
Worked for awhile okay. After 2 1/2 months I developed a reaction to it called &quot;Stevens-Johnson Syndrome&quot; which is a potentially deadly skin rash.
This medication had me in severe hypersomnia, barely able to function at work, sleeping all day. Worked great for anxiety, but everything was numbed out. I 'm stopping this cold turkey. I tried 5mg, 10mg and 15mg.
Before lolo I was on aleese and it was terrible for my skin. Before I changed birth controls I noticed my discharge was brown , my doctor said this was normal , but it slowly got heavier , and now that I 've started lolo(a little over a week ago)  I have bad cramps and I 've been bleeding the entire time on lolo. Also when I get up I 'm very dizzy and easily exhausted. I 'm not sure if it has changed my skin yet
I do not recommend this pill. After being off birth control for 7 years i wanted to go back on. My DR prescribed it to me saying &quot;most&quot; people don 't get their periods or many side effects at all. After one week of taking the first blue pills the bleeding started. Not to mention the unbearable cramps and back pain. The mood swings, crying for no reason. Day 4 of bleeding today and not only is it still there but it has gotten even worse. I gave it a few days but after this morning I am NOT taking this pill anymore and I don 't even know if I 'll go on back on another after this horrible experience. Luckily my insurance covered most of this but STILL. Stopping halfway through pack. DO NOT GO ON THIS PILL!
The first night I took it I slept for 16 hours straight (15 mgs).  When I finally forced myself to get out of bed, I had this insatiable appetite.  I also walked around like a zombie feeling groggy for the next day and a half.  I took it on a Saturday night knowing that I didn 't have to be anywhere the following day (good thing)  Needless to say, I stopped taking it.
Taking 2 pills twice a day everyday something new for a side effect , great way to loose weight . Don 't feel like eating at all I do is keep my self hydrated with fluids to thin the phlegm so I can cough it loose and get the rest out of my system. Can 't wait till I can stop taking it . Also think it 's shredding my red blood cells feel tired and sometimes dizzy and weak
this is my first yeast infection and so I bought the monistat 1day ovule..it was very uncomfortable to put in and it felt like a marble was sitting up there..no more itching or burning than what was already going on but because it was so uncomfortable I wasn 't sure that I put the ovule up far enough because about 2 hrs later the ovule seems to dissolve and come out...definitely will just deal with the 7 day gel one next time and will probably end up going to the doctor anyways.
I am a 19 year old male! I have been taking 100 milligrams of this stuff for 2 months now I don 't feel a dam thing! I get dizzy n really crabby and mean! Just wana find the right meds for me! It is rapidly destroying my life at work , lovers n friend! This med worked for me but for only a short time!
I had high hopes for this birth control, reading all the effects of hormonal birth control has me afraid to try anything else. Insertion was quick but very painful, worst pain I have ever felt in my life. So make sure you take some Motrin at least 1hr beforehand. Adjusting period wasn 't bad, spotting here and there for about 2 weeks. Some of the cons are heavier period with more cramps, but I 've always had a 7 day  and painful periods so I did not notice a change.  Worked great I had no side effects for almost a year. Then I got pregnant with the IUD in the correct position. Luckily it was not ectopic. Still it had 1 job and failed.
After about 3 weeks of being on this I had the worst break out I 've ever experienced in my life and I had very mild acne prior to taking this. Maybe one big one in the T-zone before my period but this caused me to break out all over my face and back. I 'm talking under the skin big red pimples all over! I was literally mortified, I looked like a monster. It also caused my bra size to increase from a B cup to a full D, I also gained 20 pounds, I went from 115 to 135 but it all went to my boobs and my booty lol so I was happy about that but the fact that it made me break out really made hate this birth control. Also, my breasts decreased back to a B cup after 3 months booooo!!
Years ago I was on the older formula of Fentanyl and it worked wonders with minimal dosage &amp; breakthrough meds. After the companies reformulated the drug it isn 't nearly as good as it used to be &amp;has many more side effects, brand depending. Mylan works best for me as far as fewer side effects but none work for the 72 hours they are supposed to. Originally, my max dose was 75mcg for 1.5 years prior to surgery. This time I am up to 125mcg w/in the first year + 10/325 Norco 4x daily +muscle relaxers for auto fusion of L3-S1. Pain level on day 1 is @7, day 2 is @4, day 3 is @8. I have to put my new patches on before taking the old off or life is hell. Thanks to drug addicts, illegal activity &amp; government interference Doc can no longer help.
I 've had 5 surgeries on lower back which causes nerve damage and pain and been this way since my first surgery in 1992 or 93 lose count, My Dr. suggested Gabapentin 300 mg 3 times a day, now I 'm not steady on my feet, when walking I have to hold on to things because fear of falling. Can 't function at the work place. I have to be alert at all times, I have a lot of drowsiness and dizziness and this medicine puts me to sleep at all hours, but on a high note I 'm drinking a lot of water which is a good thing due to cotton mouth. I don 't think this is for me.
Diagnosed with Depression and Anxiety, found symptoms lessened with Wellbutrin XR. Year later diagnosed with adult ADHD, all ADD with little HD. Started Strattera and felt a slight improvement in focus, but also felt distant and flat. Stopped Strattera due to severe constipation. Tried Adderall, little effect on focus and concentration, and turned into a Chatty Cathy. I did sleep better than ever though. Next, Ritalin with close to the same effects, but without the great sleep. Back to Strattera to give it another shot, constipation lessened, but still feel that it is not helping with the ADD. Considered adding Adderall or Ritalin in with, but Doctor now recommending psych evaluation to look deeper. Scary, but necessary.
Ineffective with my advanced disease.  Tried it because I 've run out of options.
Well, this was a last resort for my PMDD, which is pretty much destroying my life. I was VERY nervous about taking it - not interested in hair loss, weight gain etc. But I gave it a chance. 3 days in, developed a cluster of hives on left hand, and one on right hand. Extremely itchy. Absolutely no other changes in my products/lifestyle/food/etc.. So I know it 's Yaz. Also all over burning/itchiness. Sun &amp; showers make it worse. On day 4, realized I felt less..calm.. more anxious. Also finding it difficult to sleep. Doc claimed  'unlikely Yaz causing this '. Yeah, right. Told me to take Zyrtec for symptoms. Nope. This isn 't working for me.
I started off with a relatively low dose of 300mg once a day.  After starting the medication,  I began to pass out regularly and could not see straight.  My anxiety did not change.  I returned to my psychiatrist and he lowered the dosage to 100mg, once a day and although I no longer experience side effects, I still have not noticed any changes to my anxiety and suffer anxiety attacks daily.
I have been on this medication for almost a full month now and I don 't really feel any different. They keep wanting to increase the dosage because they think it will help me. I am on 40mg and it just makes me feel like I did before not happy but not sad. I have periods throughout the day where my mood drops so quickly and I stay depressed pretty much the rest of the day. I get extremely tired and it 's not good especially going to school. It 's a good medication but it doesn 't work for me and my anxiety has been out the roof lately.
It works like birth control should work considering I 'm not pregnant, and it doesn 't get me sick like Ortho-Tricyclen does. The down sides? Doesn 't help my acne, my period cramps, or have any other advantages. Also, did I mention when I first took the pill, I had a period for over a month.
I have been on birth control for 5 years now. I switched to Apri about a year ago and didn 't think anything of it. I also suffer from Bipolar disorder and not long after that I had a lot of issues with that and ended up being hospitalized and having my meds re-evaluated. On top of that, I gained about 40 pounds. Because I had issues previously I never attributed them to Apri. I had been on birth control for so long, I just assumed they were all the same. 2 weeks ago I switched to an IUD and I 've already lost 5 pounds out of no where despite having worked my butt off for months trying to loose weight with hardly any success. While Apri may not have been the direct cause of my  'episode ', I definitely attribute it to my weight gain.
I was prescribed this medication for a tooth infection - 300mg 4 x day starting with a double dose as soon as I got the home. The night I took the first 2 pills, I immediately had several bouts of diarrhea. The next day when I moved down to 1 pill 4 x daily, I had more normal bowel motions. I did however stupidly take close to bedtime and without heeding the warning re: laying down. I woke up with the worst heartburn/chest pain. I just finished my pills and look forward to no more heartburn.
I have UC for 12 years, I was in remission for a few years and then all of a sudden I had a flare up, I have been one this medication for almost 2 months. When I first started on it, it helped for like a week or so. I had swelling in my face and joints and sore muscles and headaches. My doctor told me to stick with it so my body could adjust properly and it helped but didnt stop my issues. For the last week I have been going to the bathroom 10 times a day. Me and my doctor are now trying to figure out the next step.
Therapist thinks I have bipolar II. I was taking cymbalta, trazadone and klonopin. I am now only on 40mg of Latuda and klonopin. I feel like a zombie. I have no desire to speak when I 'm with friends. I 've found myself drooling sometimes, letting a small amount of drool drip out. Very embarrassing. I often find myself staring out into nothing. I have trouble keeping still most days. I have to take it with food or I will become very nauseous. Also I must take it before bed because it makes me drowsy. I don 't like this medication. I used to be more full of life even if I was depressed under the surface. Now I 'm just a bump on a log with nothing to say. Makes me sad about this.
I got my Implant in 2007 and had light periods for 3 months. Then I totally stopped having them. But since August of last year I 've had them unexpectedly, especially since January. I 've been bleeding non-stop for a month and a half now. I 've had no weight gain, but I have had a lot of acne and lower back pain. I 've also had lots of migraines and had pain in both of my breasts. It feels like someone just slugged me. I would not recommend this to anyone.
When I began Nexplanon in Oct. 2015, I was 10 months into breastfeeding my daughter (my second child). Nexplanon was the best fit for my busy life.  I had absolutely NO problems with it while I was breastfeeding. No acne, no bleeding, no weight gain, no mood swings, no pregnancy scares..PERFECT! That is until I weaned my daughter April 2016. As I dried up, I had INTENSE uterine pain for 2-3 week . I have continually bled since I weaned her. I have the worst mood swings, acne, tiredness and lack of sex drive. I wouldn 't recommend this to ANYONE who isn 't breastfeeding! My relationship has suffered greatly and my emotional instability has made parenting a challenge with two toddlers! Getting Nexplanon removed this week and never looking back!
Robaxin worked well to relieve the muscle spasm I had, but unfortunately it kept me up the WHOLE night and I have to go to school in 2 hours. So, I guess I sit on the fence, it works quite well to relieve muscle spasms in my back, but the insomnia makes it more trouble than it 's worth.
I started Loestrin 24 to regulate my periods. But I didn 't like being on the pill, I gained weight, had mood swings, and lost my sex drive. I always felt bloated and it was so uncomfortable. The only good thing that came from taking this pill was that after I stopped taking it my periods stayed consistent.
Hard to know if it works,i 've been on it for two years following surgery,aortic valve replacement,vsd repair,maze procedure..Two month ago I had an Afib episode. When my heart feel off,this medicine helps control the symptoms but overall with the combination of losartan and warfarin, I feel,tired,depressed,I 'm sun sensitive,get unexplained rashes,have a low sex drive,diarrea...considering it didn 't help relapsing al I want to do is stop using it.
Dr prescribed this antibiotic for tonsil infection for my 17 year old son. After 2 rounds od 500 mg the infection did not clear... so far no side effects. After this, the doc ordered 10 more days od the same and two days later my son had severe diahrrea with blood in it. He was weak and we stopped immediately. The excess of this. Antibiotic caused an stomach infection that needs to be treated with a different antibiotic. Horrible side effects. I recommend getting another AB if all possible. It did not work for us.
I have taken Contrace for a month now. The first week I saw decreased appetite but not so much after that. Went to my first month weigh in and lost 1 pound. My doctor wants me to stay on it for 3 months, I am game! Hope month 2 will be better!
I was on 37.5 mg for a week and had planned to up the dose to 75mg. I could tell it was helping with my postpartum anxiety and depression, but the side effects were terrible for me. Extreme fatigue and vomiting. Not good with two small children. We switched to another medication.
I 'm on week 2 almost week three. My face didn 't dry up like my doctor said it would. But I did however get easily sunburnt and I have THE worst break out I think I 've ever had since starting on it. I want to hide my face in a brown paper bag. My chin is literally swollen from the amount of breakouts this stupid cream has given me. I 'm not impressed one bit.
I had knee surgery.  I can 't tolerate hydrocodone so the Doctor prescribed Nucynta 50 mg. Took two after coming home from the surgery and felt psychotic. It took several hours to get over it.  I 've since taken one, and just had mild stomach upset.  From the comments posted here, it seems you need to take it for a period of time before it starts working well. 
I took this medication everyday for about five years. I saw a big difference during the first few weeks and then, no more improvement. After two years, I asked my doctor if I could stop. Considering I was 14, he said it was the worst time to stop since it was the period where everyone has a lot. Scared, I listened to him for three more years until I decided to stop. I saw no change, so it was a vain fear. Now I really regret taking those pills. After a year without this medication, my immune system is still in pretty bad shape. I am always sick, I can 't possibly hope not to get sick when there is someone sick around me. I got like five infections in less then two months during summer (vaginal, eyes, ears, dental after wisdom teethextraction
This is definitely one of those &quot;everyone reacts differently&quot; kind of birth controls. See how you react to a progestin only pill and then try this, they are very similar. For me, this little rod has been a nightmare.  I waited several months to see if my hormones/ periods would even out and they never did. I already struggled with depression and this made my moods totally unstable and made my depression and anxiety symptoms skyrocket. I also have a strangely heavy period every other week and experience more PMS symptoms because of it. I 'm super fatigued all the time and achy fairly often. I also think the constant periods have made me seriously anemic which doesn 't help with that. Proceed with caution.
After having migraines for about a year and trying Effexor which made me vomit, this medicine worked miracles for preventing my migraines. However, it made me extremely depressed and even suicidal. I had to get off and switch to Topamax.
I have taken my first dosage and my BMs have lasted five hours since I started it (so far) and by now everything is clear. I do NOT understand how they give the same dosage of two bottles to everyone. I am 20, 5 '5 and 115. How can someone much larger than me take the same dose? Am considering not taking second.
Well when I started this pill, it took 3-4 months to regulate my period and it worked for about 2-3 months. Then I started missing periods and it was gone for 2 months. Finally my period came but I had it for 2 weeks. So then I start the new pack, I 'm good for a week then I got my period. It lasts for 4 days then it stops for 5 days. Then it comes back for a full heavy week. It stopped for a couple days and then it came back at the HOMECOMING DANCE. All of this happened before the placebo pills. So currently I am transitioning to a different one. Also it made me very irritable and lowered my sex drive by a ton 
Pretty sure this is causing me to be a emotional wreck. I 've never in my life experienced depression or emotions like this.
I started this birth control a year ago, and for around 9 months, everything was fine. I was emotionally stable, there wasn 't any significant weight gain, and my periods were super predictable and manageable. I ran out around the end of November, and I elected to take a break from the pills &amp; didn 't refill. When my period came in December, PMS hit me like a freight train. It was awful, so I reordered &amp; everything was totally different the second time around. I don 't know whether the formula changed at some point, or if something changed with my body, but I 've had prolonged vaginal bleeding &amp; have been experiencing crippling depression and anxiety. I stopped taking the pills last week &amp; everything is 100% better.
I have only been on it for a month and I have already gained 10 pounds. I 've been the same weight for the past three years and this is the only thing I am doing differently. I am always spotting and if I 'm not spotting its because I am having a 10 day period with the worst cramps known to man. I have never had acne ever and now I 'm breaking out like crazy. With the weight gain, constant spotting/period, and acne, its safe to say I 'm super moody, self conscious, and going nuts because of it. I 'm getting it removed tomorrow morning. 
I 've been on Arimidex for 10 weeks. Although I had arthritis prior to taking Arimidex, my joint discomfort has increased substantially and now I find that my joints (especially my hands and hips) are swollen and always painful. My fingernails have thinned and continually split and tear off, often below the quick (ouch!). I 'm also disheartened to notice that my eyebrows and eyelashes, which had just grown back after my last chemo session, have started to either break or fall out again. Bone and muscle pain are always with me now.
10 weeks and cured of hepc. Side affects were tiredness, lose of appetite, uncontrollable chills, weight loss,weakness. Its been 5 months after treatment and now and my 25 lb weight loss is permanent.I take oxycodone for the pain in my bones and back. Lost eye sight in one eye .My hep c is gone but my health is also gone.
I had been taking this medication for 1 year and I noticed decreased libido and fluttering veins which made me stop taking it. Also breast swelling but the most worrisome was the repeated daily fluttering of my veins. I could literally see my skin vibrating.
Day 9 of Medication: Doctor told me all side effects and told me to hang with it for at least a week hoping side effects would decrease if I experienced any. Day 9 and I 'm just as nauseous as day 1. I eat a hefty breakfast every morning now as I thought the first few days my breakfast just wasn 't cutting it with the food intake but still feel sick to my stomach instantly after taking it-I wouldn 't say you will gain weight with this even if you eat more since after taking you don 't want to eat for the rest of the day. By dinner time I have to force my self to take 2nd pill as I know for the rest of the evening I will be sleepy and uncomfortable. some vivid dreams but nothing major. I feel the decrease of wanting to smoke but sick all the time
I 'm 16 years old and the first couple of days after I started taking Tri-Sprintec, I had terrible nausea. Right now, I 'm on my tenth day of taking it and the nausea got a little better, but my moodiness is driving me and everyone around me crazy. I feel really irritated all the time and I feel like I can break down crying any moment. I also started my period at least two weeks early. Hopefully, these symptoms will settle down after I 've been on the pill for a month.
I had low sex drive, super irregular periods, and some acne before I started Sprintec about two months ago. My sex drive has certainly improved but now I am bloated so often and my acne is INSANE! I had perfect skin all through high school and I have tried just about everything. Maybe I have to wait longer for my skin to even out or maybe it is just a lot of estrogen that my body was so obviously lacking but I am not pleased.
I 've been on lex for almost a month and so far my side effects have been minimal. The first week, although I didn 't have anxiety problems, it seemed to spark a few anxiety episodes. Nothing major. I started with 10mg and today is my first day of 20mgs. I 'm a little worried about side effects. I 'm still having a problem wanting to get out of bed. I just feel like I have no energy to do anything and I hate this feeling hence the increase to 20mgs. I 'm going to stick with it because although I 'm still struggling with the lack of energy, is helped at least put a few smiles back on my face here and there. All I know is I want to get better, I have to get better! Good luck everyone I 'll check back in 3 or 4 wks &amp; give a complete update.
I had Nexplanon for 2 weeks. The first week was fine. The second week I lost my appetite, sex drive, 10 pounds, and experienced mood swings and sadness. I knew before getting it that it takes 3 months to adjust, but when I decided to get it, I didn 't know how much it would affect my mood and I was not willing to make myself go through 3 months of these symptoms. I 've been depressed before and I felt like I was heading in that direction. I went to Planned Parenthood and had them take it out. I certainly was not on it long enough to give a detailed review of the product, but I was on it long enough to know that my body was unhappy with my decision to get it. I 'm happy I got it removed. I recommend trying it, but listen to your body.
I have been using Miralax and psyllium every night for about a year and wanted to try Linzess, but my doctor was hesitant to let me try it.  Possible side effects.  Anyway, after some research, I realized the Nexium I have been using causes a Magnesium deficiency.  So now I take a multi-mineral capsule and a 500mg Magnesium capsule 3 times a day with meals.  I have been able to cut back on my prescribed medications and have some hope that I will be able to get off them completely by adjusting my mineral intake.  Try this, because your bowels cannot function without enough minerals.
I had Skyla placed 2 years ago within the first few months I gained 30lbs, sex drive plummeted, horrible cramps, I felt bloated constantly.
I have been on Rexulti for a little over 2 months. I started on 0.5 mg the first week and moved up to 1.0 mg the second week. I am taking it as an add-on to my Lexapro 40mgs for MDD. My depression was almost immediately better, but by the second week my anxiety was HORRIBLE!! I began getting sores in my mouth from the constant movement of my tongue. It 's uncontrollable, as is the eye blinking. I stay tired from my body being tense 24/7. My Dr took my dosage down to 0.5 mg and increased my Ativan but I 'm still not doing any better. I 'm fixing to stop it completely. I pray that the issues with my tongue and eyes will go away once I stop taking it.
I started taking Tri-Sprintec to treat acne, and I just finished my first pack. My acne has always been moderate, but after a couple days of the pill, I had a HUGE flare, but then it went back down to normal after a week or so (Normal for me being 2-6 new zits every morning and every night). But, I know it will take 3-6 months for it to regulate my body, so I 'll be patient and wait. I will comment and say that it did have a few negative side effects. I started to get headaches, later in the night. I 'm very irritable, tired, and down. I gained a little weight, but nothing that bugs me that much. I 'm not recommending against this pill as I 've only been on it for a month, and everyone 's body is different. Just be prepared and wait, they say.
Side effect: sexual dysfunction
While it was effective, I hated the side effects and am discontinuing after less than one month. It made me feel hungry and I started to break out. I was having sleep issues and bleeding in between periods. I 'm currently on my cycle and I 'm miserable. My period has been heavy for four days and I have cramps. This is unusual for me. Not worth it!
Testim never really got my level up.  It was a pain to put on and took forever to dry.I was asked over and over by people what cologne I had on.  It became awkward trying to think up something other than having to explain it was testosterone gel...After years of messing with this the doctor recently switched me to Aveed...Too early to determine if this works as hoped but so far it seems less hassle that a gel
I 'm 19 and have suffered with anxiety for three years or so. Previously had been on Prozac and Lexapro which were both hellish. Began taking Effexor XR two months ago and started feeling better two weeks through but out of no where the medication not only ceased to work but actually made my anxiety a lot worse. Have horrible agitation, depression, irritability and insomnia. Pity I could really do with an antidepressant than works!
i 've been taking them for 5 weeks i was on citalopram 20 mg which just stopped working. switched to venlafaxine 37.5mg for 2 weeks then 2 a day for another   2 weeks then 37.5mg 3 times a day, the good thing it as stopped racing thoughts i have no control over and more relaxed the negative im constant tired and sleeping my life away cant even lift the hoover anxiety is still there don 't want to socialise or go out side 8 months now really thinking there is no hope iv tried so many others over the years and some make me speed around a talk so fast and anxiety was greater getting really tired of fighting this depression thing iv had it for good 12 years severe depression.psychiatrist said i wiull get worse before getting better.
I had cystic acne, although not much of my face is affected by it, but the area I do have it is extremely bad! .. I have just been put on a 6 month course of antibiotics and epiduo. I have only been using it for a week and like many of the reviews say, my skin has been very sore and even the mildest of wash/moisturisers still sting when applied. But I think I have found a solution!! .. When I apply the Marino badescu healing soothing mask after washing my face, I rinse that off and then apply epiduo, I have absolutely no sting at all !!! I would recommend people trying this! As far as wether it works or not I think it 's far to early to say but I hope I 'm one of the success stories!
I was on Marlissa for 6 months . I originally started taking it because I had very heavy periods and I also became sexually active. Overall, it did its job. My periods became super light and it did protect me against pregnancy. However the side effects were terrible. I was sick to my stomach for the first couple days of a new pack every month, my cramps got worse instead of better, my mood would constantly change, and there would be random months where my face would totally break out. I just changed to Apri and so far it 's been better.
Well I liked it at first. But now am running to the doctor to get it removed. Headaches,acne,nausea and weight gain ,sometimes lost of appetite. Bitchy  mood swings... more depressed Got it 2/2015
I&rsquo;ve had the Kyleena IUD for just over 3 months, (I have like no pain tolerance) it was incredible painful the day I got it inserted, on the way home I had to sit with the seat laid back and my feet on the dash to find a little comfort, ever since when my period come I cramp really badly starting a few days before, lasting thill the end of my period, I also spot for like a week after my period, my cramps are to a level now that sometimes I can&rsquo;t move and I just wanna drop, I&rsquo;ve got hold of my gyn to get it removed, I can&rsquo;t do the pain anymore, I have PCOS and it&rsquo;s more painful than my first period after 8 months without one, it&rsquo;s almost as bad as cyst bursting on my ovaries pain wise.
The first three days Bupropion worked like a miracle. I was very calm, my inner restlessness was completely gone. I had some side effects like a mild fever and stomach ache. But that was well worth the effects. The best and most surprising effect was that my Tics were reduced by roughly 90%. On the 4th day of my medication, however, I felt 0 effects from the medicine and I haven 't felt anything since. We tried upping the dose to regain the amazing effects but this only made my depressed and gave me suicidal thoughts. My advice is, try this medicine but be careful. It can work as a charm, and it can turn out horrible.
I have previously tried Yaz which I quit after becoming emotional. My doctor switched me to another brand (which worked fine-no emotional drawbacks) but had to switch me due to my student care card. Then I was switched to Lessina. I had never been so emotional and depressed in my entire life. Additionally my skin became unmanageable, I started having massive headaches, I couldn 't focus because of exhaustion (I slept 15 hours two days in a row and previously had a normal sleeping pattern) and I was so weak that getting out of bed became a task. I am now on a different birth control pill and am experiencing none of these symptoms.
I was using the Nuva ring after a tubal ligation to control my periods. They had been really heavy and it was great at doing that. 2 yrs in I had a pulmonary embolism and nearly died. Something I now realise was probably from the Nuva ring. Massive class action in the US over this. I didn 't realise at the time. I went of it 3 months ago and have not regretted it at all. Libido returned to normal after so long. My husband was beginning to get annoyed. Not only that just feels better during sex without it.
Just started tikosyn at 125 mcg twice daily. Rythym is ok but heart rate is elevated and changes suddenly. Also have tightness in the chest.
I will say this for the people in the back, &quot;THIS PILL WILL MAKE YOU HATE YOURSELF.&quot;  I started taking Junel because my period lasted for 14 days.  With Junel I as able to get down to 4-6 days and it has been fantastic.  I recently decided to stop taking it because it makes my anxiety a monster that I or my wife do not want to face.  I am emotionally and mentally all over the place.  My wife was previously on Junel and not only did it make her anxiety fly through the roof, but deep dark thoughts do float around in some women who take Junel.  I would advise extreme caution when taking hormones.  It can make you a very unhappy person.
I used to always use monistat for a yeast infection and never had a single problem with it, but the last year or two I 've had horrible burning and itching reaction to it and I have no idea why. I started using a day 7 yesterday and I 'm on the 2nd night trying to get through it.
My overall experience with this birth control was terrible. I had a false pregnancy and was moody and over emotional. The only 2 things good about this pill was it did keep my skin clear and my periods were very light. But with the weight gain/false pregnancy thing my obgyn said the hormones in this pill were too high for my system. She switched me to an ultra low dose and the bloating was gone in no time.
First time on Humira was like a miracle, my arthritis was minimal &amp; my psoriasis too but I felt &quot;finally a cure&quot; and it cleared everything up.  After taking Humira for 2 yrs I missed 1 month of shots (had it in the freezer by mistake).  I thought it 'll be okay however, my psoriasis came back worse than ever.  I went back on Humira hoping everything will clear again and it hasn 't so now I 'm in a limbo again should I stay or should I stop.  Has anyone experience this and if so what have you done?  PLEASE HELP.
Gained 15+ lbs in 3 months - not even sure how much weight I gained due to the constant water weight and bloating I 've had. I dropped the pill mid cycle because I was so frustrated, hoping to go back to my normal weight in 2 months.No other symptoms for me.
I was prescribed this for a UTI and while it did help with that, it ended up giving me the worst yeast infection of my life that I am still treating 2 months later. I usually don 't have too much of an issue with antibiotics but this was awful.
I have had the Nexplanon in for almost two years now. I 'm about to go get it out. The only positive is no periods. Now for the negatives. Irritability, mood swings, depression, anxiety, uncontrollable anger, weight gain, acne, oily hair, and hair loss. I 'm so unhappy all the time, and I thought it was something going on in my life, but I have nothing to stress about. I 'm not pleasant to be around, and I used to be the happiest and most pleasant person I know. I 'm getting it removed bc I feel like I 'm destroying mine and my son 's self esteem. Please don 't get the Nexplanon unless you are trying to screw up your life.  I will never recommend this birth control to anyone.
Oh my god. Worst experience ever. Though I had food poisoning I have been on and off of the toilet at least 7 or 8 times within 5 hours at work with extreme, awful diarrhea. It is making me want to cry it is so awful. I can 't drink water, I already threw up for about 13 minutes and my stomach is hurting like no other. DO NOT TAKE THIS ... TORTURE
I 've tried a lot of different acne medications and some have worked for a while and then quit working, tazorac is no different. When I first started using tazorac my face was the clearest it 's ever been. Then about 3 months later my acne came back worse. Tazorac is the best treatment I 've used so far, but in the end it did not work out for me. :(
At half-way through my third pack, I have been bleeding heavily for a week (compared to the first day of a regular period, but ongoing and with cramping). This is on top of having spotted nearly continuously since I started these pills two and a half months ago. I was going to hang in there to see if these reactions subsided after the third pack, but I am thinking now that I need to get off of them. I have also noticed mild weight gain as well. 
I Started to take this pill on my first day which fell on a sunday. It was my first time in years using birth control again &amp; NEVER EVER AGAIN !! I only took the pills THREE days before I started noticing side effects. First off I was alwayss tored no matter how much I sleep I still wake up tired , all through the day TIRED !! &amp; Then I always had a attitude everyday. But really it made me so emotional WEDNESDAY I burst out in tears &amp; I don 't even know why !! I wouldn 't dare take another one of these !!
Loved this pill and experienced no side effects until after taking it for about 4 months. My sex drive has been ZERO and have had horrible dryness which was never an issue at all for me until after taking the pill. Talked to my doctor and apparently this is very common on this pill. It has started to interfere with my relationship so I will be switching.
I have been taking Cipro for 5 days with small relief. I found it interesting that another person experienced anxiety while taking Cipro. I suspected that my anxiety was related to Cipro because it started when I began taking it but who would think that anxiety could be related to an antibiotic?? The roof of my mouth is pretty raw also. Calling doc today.
I was prescribed Lorazepam 1mg up to 3x a day, but they don 't seem to be touching me. I suffer from panic attacks, anxiety, etc., and I just permanently feel wired, my legs are going 100mph all the time. I get bad thoughts of doom from nowhere. If I 'm not focused on something 100%, I end up letting little thoughts of what if I pass out, etc. I 've tried lots of SSRI 's as well. 
I was prescribed Prednisone for a neck injury.  In the midst of stepping down the dosage as my doctor instructed, I started experiencing severe stomach pain, extreme nausea, tar-black stool, bloated stomach, and my face appears to be a little swollen (especially around the jaw line and neck). I feel like The Incredible Hulk. My doctor advised me to stop taking the Prednisone 3 days before I would have finished the prescription. Now, I am noticing increased frequency in the need to urinate and some pain in my left flank area. 
I got nexplanon in on September 1st. I was on my period when I got it it is now December 1st and I 've still been bleeding very heavily. I guess the birth control is working because I can 't have sex to get pregnant because of the period. A plus is that I don 't have to take a pill everyday or get something implanted in my vagina... But I hope I get off my period soon giving it another month
I took this pill after switching off lo loestrin fe for cost reasons and I regret it. I 'm much more moody and anxious all the time and I have severe cramps on this pill, while I had none on lo loestrin. I 'm switching to a new pill but I wish I would have realized these and other bad side effects were caused by the blisovi sooner so I didn 't have to suffer for so long!
Started taking Jolessa after using the Nuva Ring and spotting almost non-stop. Jolessa does just fine at preventing pregnancy and I have not had any other horrible side effects that others have had EXCEPT I literally gained 10-12lbs the first month I took it. I have been on it for 7 months and no matter how much I exercise and watch what I eat I can not shed any of this extra weight. I have always been able to maintain or lose weight but not while taking this particular BC. I am switching to TriNessa next week and hopefully will be able to lose what I have gained while on Jolessa.
I began taking Advair, but after 6 months I began having hand tremors.  I tried Symbicort, but the side effects were too strong for me to tolerate.  My asthma symptoms were improved. I was very nervous and stressed when I tried it twice. I called for advice about the medication and was told that Symbicort, Advair and Dulera are only slightly different in chemical composition.  It was suggested by the pharmacist to call my doctor to discuss trying the other medications. Dulera works well for me now. I do have mild leg cramps. It may be good to contact your doctor and see which medication will give you the least side effects.
Firstly, I should provide background info on my current health. Birth control pills effect everyone differently. I had a very timely period with heavy bleeding the first 2 days and terrible cramps some cycles. I also have the tendency to be iron deficient. Initially I experienced a lot of nausea on this pill. I was told to stick it out for 3 months and then decide if I wanted to change. Within those 3 months, I dealt with a lot of nausea and vaginal discomfort (itching, odor, discharge). I never had those issues before. It was enough for me the day I had to stop what I was doing on the job and sit near a window before I threw up. I took the pill at night and had a meal with it. The only time I felt relief was on the sugar pill
I started this birth control about 3 months ago &amp; I personally think it 's awful ! The first month, I had really bad nausea, car sickness &amp; breakouts. I still continue to break out all the time, randomly have nausea, especially in the mornings, &amp; being out in the heat makes me nauseous and  gives me migraines (not sure if that 's from the medicine, but started about the time I started taking it). I also have lost 10 pounds &amp; can not seem to gain it back, which is abnormal for me! I absolutely hate this medicine &amp; will be switching here soon !
I had Mirena inserted in June 2015. The insertion  process was very painful. I had a local anesthetic, and the doctor said it reduced the pain 50%. The pain of the sound for uterine measuring was significant despite the anesthetic. I experienced some bleeding and severe cramps with rectal pain and pressure for 9 days.  I spent most of the 9 days heavily medicated and missing work. I could not sit down without extreme pain. This is NOT a normal reaction, so I should have removed it right away. After ultrasound the IUD appeared to be properly placed. The conclusion was that Mirena was either poking or aggravating a major nerve. Had Mirena removed after 9 days. Symptoms improved immediately upon removal but not completely resolved yet.
I just got this thing in 3 days ago and I have a severe infection where it is. Also I noticed it move onward towards my muscle in my arm. I had the implanon and. Ever had these kinds of issues. In fact I never had issues with the implanon. This nexplanon is horrible and don 't recommend anyone getting it. They shouldn 't change things that work well. This is what happens. Being the implanon back.
In 2011 started on 20mg for being easily agitated and had side effects like insomnia, waking up drenched in sweat, yawning and being dizzy. Took it at night.  It took months for the side effect to go away.  It worked great and after 2 years I dropped to 10mg for a just over a year and stopped with my docs help.  No real issues with withdrawal.  Just a little dizzy.4 months later my wife mention me being agitated again.  I started 20mg again, LOTS of issues.  Bad insomnia, drenched in sweat, shaking really bad, yawning, racing thoughts (wanting to hurt others or myself), paranoia, going crazy, racing heart, rashes, burning  arms..  The thoughts scared the hell out of me. At 13 days, doc said stop NOW.  Mostly back to normal after 2-3 weeks
My problem with this birth control is the side effects. I have times when I get depressed, I had mood swings, felt like throwing up and even when I didn 't even eat I gained about 15lbs. Oh yea and worse of all it made me bleed alot. I don 't mean heavy bleeding. I mean it made my periods longer than before when I was taking it. I read a lot of reviews saying the same thing but tried it anyway.  The worst was I had a period that last a whole month one time. My doctor put me on seasonique to see it that would help better
I have a tooth infection and I 'm on my fourth day of taking metronidazole I am prescribed 400mg 3 times a day I 'm still in agony I have to take paracetamol and ibroprofen just to ease the pain I 've had severe head aches and really bad muscular pain I will finish the 5 day course but will not be taking this again for dental perpose again
I have been taking phentermine. I 'm a guy standing 5ft 10 and weight 187 I 'm trying to get down to 170 it doesn 't seem like I 'm dropping any weight I have been working out and trying to watch my calorie intake I only see a fluctuation from 187 to 192 but nothing lower then 187. I have dry month but it doesn 't brother me and because I have been consuming a gallon of water a day. The only thing that I get often are headaches and I have been eating a little which seems to make the headaches go away. I hope I see a change soon
Really did not do much for anxiety or sleep for me personally.  I do have a fairly high sedation tolerance however.
Symptoms of prostatitis will go away, but the side effects are no joke. I started my cycle AFTER finding all of the reviews online. After 4 doses of 2 week supply I called the nurse practitioner who wrote the script and told her I 'm done. If you research online you 'll find that Cipro is one of the big guns in anti biotics, so if your primary suggest it to you right off the bat, ask for options.
I have been taking Viorele for a little over two years. I started out with a prescription for Kariva but CVS gave me the generic version which is Viorele. I was really impressed at first because my face was very clear and my horrible cramps and back aches from my period went away. After a few months I gained 20 pounds and 2 cup sizes and became very depressed and anxious. I did not know that Viorele was the cause of this until I went to my doctor. I just switched to a different birth control and I am waiting to see if there is a difference. Overall this was great for acne and cramping but the depression and weight gain was not worth it.
Im 23 years old and have been taking Aubra for 6 days. I have had terrible headaches and have broke out in hives all over my face and arms. I immediatly stopped taking this birth control and would not recommend it.
I have been using Seasonale for about two years now. I have gained about 20lb, I get dizzy sometimes, headaches all the time, and I get break through bleeding about half way through my pills. After a few days of spotting I get my period. Still painful and lasts the whole 7 days just like before. No heavier and no lighter. I plan to try something else as soon as I can.
Well I am a very busy 25 yr old mother of one cute boy, thus the pill was not an option for me since I know that I would forget to take it. Mirena was the best option for me. I have had it for 5 months now and trust me I love it but I have experienced side effects. I have gained a substantial about of weight since the insertion and the bloating happens often. Mirena does it 's job well but I can not tolerate the weight gain. I will be removing it within two weeks and I know with my vigorous workout schedule and healthy eating habit I will be returning to my normal weight quickly. Then I 'll get the Mirena again. I wouldn 't consider Mirena to anyone who has had struggled with their weight and have more than fifteen pounds to lose. Good Luck.
Zyprexa helped with my obsessive compulsive disorder. It also relieved the depression greatly. Weight gain is a bad side effect from this medicine (taking 10mg daily). Gained 16 pounds in 2 months. The nights are better, just longer (around 11 hours every night).
I am female 5 '3&quot; top weight 169. I started Contravene 4 weeks ago, I just finished my first week at the max dose of 2 morning/2evening and I have enough to last me about 2 more weeks at that dose. I have not lost any weight but I did get down to 160 and have fluctuated between 163-167 over the past week, just up and down and its frusrating as heck!!During week 1 was nearly ready to quit; I couldn 't sleep, the fatigue was unbearable, and I wanted to eat everything. Now my problem has never been eating bad or not exercising. My problem is that about 7 years ago I began packing on 6-10lbs a year. So, suddenly wanting to pig out was a major deviation from my norm. Week 2-3 were great, energy/appetite were tops. Week four I 'm tired again!
So I am 18 yo girl who has moderate to severe acne ( sucks soo much!!) been taking this medication for 3 weeks and have seen NO improvement, kinda want to quit tbh.. But I will see if anything changes in four weeks.. Skin seems to be a little less red..
It kinda helped me in addition to my abilify, but since I have type 2 bipolar disorder, I just felt sleepy and knocked out all the time. Not the best of times.
Just started taking this pill on Sunday and its now Friday.  First two days severe migraine then everyday after I felt great.  The only downfall is that I started taking this to control my acne and I feel its just making it worse.  I 've always heard it will get worse before it gets better so I 'm going to try to stick it out.  I just hope that 's the case. If not I guess I 'm going to have to try another option. I 'm trying to be patient but when it comes to something like this it 's hard.
While this birth control did it 's job by being a good contraceptive, I have a lot of symptoms with it.I gained 15 lbs in the first 2 months, had so much acne, and just felt like complete crap. I couldn 't do it anymore after the 6th month, so I stopped taking it.Everyone is different but it is definitely not for me.
I couldn 't handle the side affects. Night sweats with intense anxiety and nausea. Couldn 't sleep. Terrible. Only lasted 2 weeks.
