I used to take another oral contraceptive, which had 21 pill cycle, and was very happy- very light periods, max 5 days, no other side effects. But it contained hormone gestodene, which is not available in US, so I switched to Lybrel, because the ingredients are similar. When my other pills ended, I started Lybrel immediately, on my first day of period, as the instructions said. And the period lasted for two weeks. When taking the second pack- same two weeks. And now, with third pack things got even worse- my third period lasted for two weeks and now it 's the end of the third week- I still have daily brown discharge.The positive side is that I didn 't have any other side effects. The idea of being period free was so tempting... Alas.
Honestly, I have been taking ativan for 2 years now 1mg twice daily.  It does help but it should be used as a tool for panic attacks NOT A SOLUTION.  I have tried so many anti-depressants as well such as cymbalta, cipralex and a couple more.  The best thing is to talk to close friends and family or even a psychiatrist.  talking to people and venting is honestly the best thing you can do for yourself even though it takes a lot of will power to do it.  I would love to hear other people opinion.
I have been taking this medicine due to lower back trouble.  When I first took it, it worked great, now all it does is put me to sleep.
Was on this med for 5 years. Worked fine but not great. Stopped the panic attacks and gave me relief of every day nervousness that I was experiencing. Took months for the side effects to diminish when I first started taking it. What did not leave - insomnia, night sweats, lack of sex drive and poor orgasms (or no orgasms at all).
I was off birth control for a while considering getting pregnant. I had used other types of birth control before, the pill, the patch, etc. I decided to get back on birth control but didn 't want to worry about taking a daily pill so I requested the Nuvaring. When I started the Nuvaring I felt it inside my body and had a lot of cramps. A few days later I started experiencing more cramps and very strong upper stomach pain. They were so bad I missed work for a week. Finally I ended up going to the ER and they couldn 't figure out what was wrong. I finally asked the doctor and it was the Nuvaring side effects.
I 've had mine for over a year and noticed the weight gain, mood swings, but no acne. My body adjusted quick and I lost the weight. The only issue I 've had is every time my boyfriend and I have sex, I spot the next day for less than a week. Other than those issues I love it and recommend it to all of my friends!
I am torn by the Nuvaring. The convenience is great. There is no daily time to take a pill, only once a month which can easily be marked on a calender or put into a phone. It never falls out, I never feel it and changing it is simple, too. I would give the Nuvaring a 10 out of 10 just based upon the simplicity and the price is really reasonable, too. But, there are some downsides (for me personally). For the first few months, I did not notice side effects, although they are there. I have a VERY low tolerance to alcohol when on the Nuvaring. Very emotional, tired, and strung out all the time. I was on the pill before and none of these happened. I also have longer periods. It 's worth a try, every girl seems to have a different experience!
I 'm Planning to be  put in 17 Days in residential treatment and follow it up with vivitrol injection.  I just worry because I hear that it 's incredibly painful, but I an only really trying to get away from the subs... I 'm down to less than 6mg but I 've been IV 'ing them.  I still wouldn 't think my bupe dose is high enough to worry about after 15 - 17 days... A friend did tell me that if you are clean enough to be eligible for it, it will make you feel like a million bucks! I 'm extremely hopeful, and was hoping for some insight and / or advice, but I believe this is an awesome chance to get my life back, even though I am afraid of the sword length rig they use to do it... I just hope it all goes as well as planned, or better... #VeryAnxiousNow
Decreased my sex drive and physically in a lot more pain in my joints... It 's good for women over 25 but under 25 is not the best
I was essentially mis-prescribed Actiq when I should have been getting fentanyl patches for my cancer pain.  This caused problems with both bolus dosing (transient overdosage) and build-up of opioid tolerance with the Actiq that have not been nearly as great a problem with fentanyl patches.Other patients may have different experiences; however for chronic cancer pain, the patches might be considered before use of Actiq.
I have been a long term sufferer of chronic pain from Fibromyalgia, DDD, Scoliosis, Sciatica, Arthritis, Migraines and Chronic Fatigue Syndrome since 1992.,. After starting out with the over the counter meds, then moving to prescription Motrin, Day trip, Rendering, and numerous anti depressants, my doctor began prescribing Vicodin 5/500. At first they worked, but after 3months, nothing! So I went back to my doctor and told him. He then proceeded to put me on 7.5/750, again they worked for me no longer after 3 months. To make a long story short, I am now and have been on MS Contin, 60mg x two times a day and 100mg at bedtime. For my break-thru pain I am on Oxycodone 30mg x two. I 'm here to say that I have a life once again!
The first 3 years I was on nexplanon I had no problems, except for when I first got it interested I bled for 6 months straight (very light). Then after that everything was fine. After the 3 years were up I decided to get another one inserted since I had no major problems with the first one. That 's when it went downhill. I gained about 20 pounds, became anxious about everything, moods began to change, also had severe pain in my ovaries. I got an ultrasound to make sure there weren 't any cysts and everything was normal but I continued to have severe pain. Finally, I decided to get it removed and everyting has been good so far no more pain, moods are better, and I 've lost weight.
I wrote my expirence with this pill before, back when I started and it actually worked.I 've been on it for 6 months now and let me tell you, i 'm already going to the doctor to switch. Sure, no babies. That part was effective.But eventually, I ended up having cramps again (they had gone away when i first started) my acne flared up like nobody 's buisness, my headaches are horrible and daily, and i 've been suffering from depression. I never have any motivation, i burst out crying for no reasons, and I get angry out of no where. This is very out of character for me. I 'm disapointed but hopefully I will find a better option.
Been taking this medication for 6 years.  I have a good stream and it was prescribed by my doctor because I wasn 't emptying my bladder fully due to a bladder that did not have the muscle tone that it once had.  It worked great for most of these years but due to my age, 85, I can 't always make it to the bathroom fast enough to urinate.  I 'm going to stop taking it and see if there is a difference in reaching the bathroom before I have to let go of a full bladder.
This drug causes persistent nausea in some users as per their website. For most people it goes away after a few weeks--but not all. Initially I was also itchy and a little weepy (went away after 2 weeks). If you have a history of being unusually nausea prone (ie pregnancy) in my experience you may wind up in the persistent nausea group. I will have to switch as I don 't want to be chained to zofran. Otherwise, worked fine as an alternative to paxil. Fewer side effects--unfortunately the one side effect it did cause is pretty debilitating in my case!
I 've only had one dose of Lupron; before going on it I did my research. One side effect is HORRIBLE insomnia (which I have). I know not every single change in my body can be blamed on the Lupron. I have Endometriosis and the Lupron basically puts you in a state of menopause. Headaches, insomnia, sweats, mood swings were very bad the first couple of weeks; now my stomach hurts! So I think I can pick and choose what the medicine is responsible for and the state of chemical menopause is doing to me.
I been on it for two months. Started with the 145mg worked right of. Then the body got used to it didn 't go for 2 weeks. Now on 290mg. For 2 weeks. Alright at times. But give time too see how does. The only next step I can see is surgery. But gastrointestinal doctor says no surgery too fix. 30 years off constipation. What more can I take. Only 39. Now have other medical problem from straining do much over the years.
have only been on victorza for a few days.  I had bad nausea and migranes then it changed to no energy at all .  I sleep till noon one day and I have 2 young kids and a full time job.  Searching for a better answer
Been on Reclipsen for a few months now. Pros- lighter periods, no stomach cramps, no acne, no babies. Cons- mood swings, TERRIBLE back pain during period, lower sex drive, no weight gain (if already active).
Got skyla inserted about a month ago a few days after my last period. The insertion was uncomfortable but not bad at all. Had severe cramps the first week after insertion but it was managed by ibuprofen. I 've been spotting since inserted but had one week without. Started my period last week and it 's just been light, almost like spotting (very very annoying). I usually have a 5/6 day period but I 'm now going into day 8. Hoping the spotting stops soon so I can stop wearing pads. Good luck to all who try this!
I had a UTI that went into a kidney infection, They put me on Bactrim, Didn 't notice any side effects until a few days later, I started feeling depressed out of no where and it got worse from there, I ended up in the hospital with the worst headache of my life, I was shaking and throwing up I didn 't even think it had anything to do with the Bactrim. The depression got so bad I ended up at the  psychiatric hospital, I had no idea why I was feeling like this, it was by far the worst feeling in the world, When I came home and went to see my therapist and told her what was going on she  immediately asked me what medicine they put me on and when I told her she said look up the side effects to that and sure enough everything was listed.
Dulera works pretty well, do not need to use my rescue inhaler as often, but the one main downside is that it continuously causes me to have sinuitis which then causes a migraine.  I have always had bad problems with my sinuses, so am definately reconsidering continuing using this product.
This will be my third week on Pristiq 50mg and so far I 'm feeling quite positive and free of depressive feelings, however that 's only if I get a good night 's sleep. I have tried one Temazapam which works well but after the third day the build up in my system makes me feel very fatigued. 
This drug is pretty great for depression, however I am on it for serious anxiety and it has only exacerbated it for me. I feel agitated a lot and have insatiable hunger that has caused me to gain a few pounds. There have also been some sexual side effects that have made sex a little more of a challenge.
It helps me from pulling my hair out but I still have anxiety.
I have a spinal cord injury. I 'm 7 years in this year. The only thing I feel below my waist is nerve pain, its really bad in my feet. If it wasn 't for the Neurontin and taking Cymbalta together I wouldn 't be able to function because of the nerve pain. It does help but for me I cant take the generic gabapentin.
I went on this last year for PMDD, like severe PMS, and did fine the first 6 months. I 'm not sure why, but suddenly my periods are 2 weeks long instead of one. I 'm also having the same severity, if not more, of cramps that I had before I started. I think the issue was that I might have already had estrogen dominance, and the lack of ovulation made it even worse. (No ovulation means no progesterone to help your periods be lighter.) Also I have zero sex drive. Seriously, doing dishes has been more appealing lately. It has made my mood issues improve, though. I don 't feel nearly as depressed as I did before taking it.
I was on Bydureon for about 2 months, I really noticed the loss of appetite and lost my sweet tooth. My weight came down and my blood sugar levels dropped from 8.5 to 6.0. I was really happy with the medicine until the known side effects started to show. They were nausea this happened approx once a week in the fourth week in on taking the medicine and bloating, indigestion, a lot of passing wind and acidy burps. Also I felt a bump and itchy feeling around injection area whenever I injected. If they can sort out these side effects then it would be really fantastic for people with Type 2 diabetes. I was really reluctant to stop but the horrible nausea beat me.  
Frustrated with the lack of effectiveness of any of the medications I have been given for this condition - including Elidel. Still experiencing extreme itchiness, oozing, peeling and cracked skin. Over the years more areas of my body is affected with this condition. Painful and unsightly.
This med helps to take the edge off enough for the pain to be tolerable. I take HCL 15 mg one every 6 hours. Compared to hydrocodone this is much better and faster relief. Just be careful what you take with it.
I am 69 years old.  Prior to starting  5 pumps daily of Andro Gel 5 months ago, T level was 207, low energy and almost no sex drive plus often could not maintain an erection.  After only a couple of weeks, there was a big turnaround, good erections and libido what it was at age 40. Did notice I was a bit more aggressive.  Then, about the 3rd month things went downhill with things back pretty much as they were before Andro Gel. Presently awaiting results of test to see where T levels stands.
I 've been taking metronidazoles for 4 days (3 a day) and I 'm still in agony, I 've tried so many painkillers and nothing helps, my right side of my face is in agony and I can 't eat or drink anything hot or too cold, cold air hurts my gums also, anyone have any advice?
Avelox did promptly clear up bronchitis and sinusitis. My ankles were so swollen that I could only wear loose fitting houseshoes for the 10 day treatment time. It made me feel jittery and caused abdominal cramps. 
I have been on anastozole for a year and half, was on tamoxifen for a year before but now gone through menopause. I was a fit 41 year old before, I always have  horrible taste in mouth, struggle to get up to walk especially from out of bed, my joints are so painful, I struggle to grip, lost the steering wheel the other week and nearly shot off road, fuzzy head, hot sweats, think I 've made the decision to come off it and hope for the best.
I will personally attest to this,,,33 years ago, as a teenager, I came home from school one day with a terrible sore throat - I squirted quite a bit of Chloraseptic into my throat and swallowed more than I should have. Within hours, I fell into, what I have described all these years later, as a coma-like state of awareness for a good majority of the rest of that week.  I finally began to come out of that state 5 days later.  It was never discussed with any doctor, so I just chalked it up to some freak of nature.  I am, without a doubt, now assured the phenol ingredient was the cause to my negative reaction to swallowing the Chloraseptic!
I was originally prescribed something else  then I somehow got switched to Guildess fe, which wasn 't too bad. I was getting headaches, everyday with those. Now, the insurance sent me Blisovi Fe. Since I been taking the blisovi my period has increased In length, cramps in intensity, and heaviness in bleeding, including clots. Im hungry almost all the time, and my bra no longer fits completely (size D, before pill). The only thing this pill is effective in, is keeping you from getting pregnant. I had a scare and I did not get pregnant. But I never missed a pill and took at the same time everyday, which I was told makes it more effective.I am switching to an IUD soon because I cannot keep taking diff BC brands without warning.
Using this for parasomnia, bph and bp. Kind of silver bullet. But my new doc tried to give me the brand name... Is it an extended release or just much more expensive? I only take it at night and dizziness hasnt been an issue. Seems to work as well as other bph meds that I have tried, my bp has also been reasonable. Seems to make sleepwalking more infrequent which is why I tried it.
I knew it was risky to take an antidepressant given my symptoms but I was having trouble in my daily life and needed help. I began taking Wellbutrin XL 150 mg and for the first week I felt an increase in suicidal thoughts, tremors, and psychomotor agitation. It felt like I was going to die. After that week, my psychiatrist added Klonopin to help control these side effects. Since then, I have had an improvement in quality of life, which is all I can ask for.
I am 21 years old, First time on birth control although I had looked into options before but decided I wanted to have a baby. I had a miscarriage a month ago now I don 't want to have a baby so close after so I needed a B.C. method I wasn 't going to forget (pills) or have to go in regularly for (depo) so this seems like a good fit. Insertion was painful but it only lasted about 2/3 minutes and felt like sharp pinching/poking. I feel some cramps (not too bad) and some spotting. I read other women went when they were on their period I still hadn 't had my period again but when I do it 's moderate lasts about 4 days. I get more cramping then bleeding. I will update with how it affects my period or if cramps continue because this is just day 1
I 'm sixteen years old and yes it had prevented pregnancy and it makes me feel protected. I didn 't experience mood swings, depression or anything emotional wise. I did gain about 10 pounds and I can 't say that I 'm complaining lol. Although honestly I hate it my doctor asked me to come in and get it in while I was on my period. After that i never got off my period and I got a nasty discharge. So I went back to my OBGYN and gave me some pill to &quot;fix my period pattern&quot; which made it worst. I took all the pills and I 'm still on my period everyday and it 's very heavy.I don 't  recommend this I don 't recommend birth control at all forget sex this is not worth it and I regret it all.
I just started 2 months ago I 'm entering my 3rd month today but I can say that it 's going okay so far considering that I have tried other birth control and they were awful but so far my two periods have been light between 2-3 days light cramping so that a plus I also feel more tired been sleeping extra hours but the birth control seems to be working in going to keep trying it and see how it keeps working . And about acne before I started this birth control I had blackheads , whitehead and I would get a few pimples it hasn 't changed much some days I notice my face looks cleaner with less acne than others but I never really have had a lot of acne .
I was on the sertraline, for 3 years. After developing a strange phobia with severe anxiety, suicidal thoughts, and major depression, this medication probably saved my life. However, it only brought me back halfway. I still was depressed and still suffered from anxiety attacks, just not as much. After a couple of years, I believed it stopped working, even after increasing the dose, so I stopped taking it.
I have been constipated for about a week and tried eating everything possible that will help me go even Mexican food and still nothing. I tried Miralax and couldn 't go so I tried chocolate laxatives and nothing and tried Dulcolax suppositories. I 'm so beyond nauseated which is better than having cramps but I still feel constipated even though I went a little. At least the Dulcolax helped me go within minutes and I 'm glad I was on the toilet when it happened.
I was on this pill after I finished breast feeding, and I had lots of problems with break-through bleeding, every month. I was on Lo Ovral for 9 years prior to having a baby and didn 't experience the problems I have with Loestrin. 
Why would one take a medication for abdominal pain when one of the side effects is abdominal pain.
I took quasense for about 3 years and the first two years I loved it. I have tried at least 4 birth controls (oral contraceptive form) and this one was the first to finally work for me. However, within the past year I have had some awful things happening to me and my obgyn thinks it is due to the estrogen in the pill. I had a weight gain of 7 pounds within a week &amp; a half. During this time I was exercising &amp; barely eating to try and get back down to my normal weight. However I only continued to gain weight. I have had so much hair loss this year &amp; now have 4 distinct bald spots. Crazy mood swings, I 've had my period for 2 months straight now, &amp; I 'm extremely tired. Today I had the IUD &quot;skyla&quot; inserted so I hope everything improves soon :(
Ladies, please be smart and use BC and condoms! Plan B does not stop a pregnancy if egg fertilization has occurred.   I recently took a plan B 24 hours after having sex, but it was too late. Plan B unfortunately didn 't work for me. Take immediately if you suspect you might be pregnant (don 't wait!)an most importantly use all methods of BC!
I waited to start until today, since I am off work today. I 've never been on a prescription before. (Outside of antibiotics for cold, flu..etc.) I didn 't feel anything until around an hour. My throat got extremely dry and I had an insatiable thirst. I drank glass after glass of water for at least two hours. (I also had to use the restroom every 10/15min, which is a concern for days I have to work. I drive long distances for work) At the second hour I had a crazy burst of energy and started deep cleaning my entire house. After I finished, I felt tired so I laid in my bed. I was in it for 30-45min, but could not go to sleep. I got up and ate two pizza slices, which is normal for me. I guess it takes a while before your appetite is suppressed.
Ibuprofen was my default pain relief early in my experience with Ankylosing Spondylitis. It reduced inflammation and made the pain, discomfort and stiffness more manageable. I did experience some side effects (constipation, followed by diarrhea due to the blockage, stomach pains etc., but the pain management helped to make it bearable. I managed on it for over 10 years before my fusion made the pain worse.
I had been taking anti-anxiety medication for a very long time due to my severe anxiety and panic attack disorder I have and the last resort after trying a few others was to take klonopin 1 mg 4 times a day.. After starting taking the medication, I didn 't notice any bad side effects, but then I slowly started to have nightmares and night terrors, even when I just took small cat naps! It was absolutely horrible, I couldn 't stand it but I didn 't think about Klonopin being the cause until after a while it stopped working for my anxiety and I went back to Xanax which started to work better for me again and all of a sudden, my night terrors have disappeared and no longer afraid to fall asleep! They 've gone away ever since I stopped Klonopin.
I took two pills along with 4 teaspoons of Castor oil about 2.5 hours ago.  Still waiting.  Hoping I didn 't screw up to bad by taking both, and two dulcolax pills...we will see
No problems - at first had great sex drive, 4 day periods, no cramps, light. No headaches or mood changes like with other birth control pills. The pills are not expensive. Did have a lot of yeast infections every month on the time of my period. Stopped taking it because my sugar got high and blood pressure was high. If you are a diabetic or have high blood pressure you have to be monitored by your doctor. This pill was not for me but every body is different. 
I love that I only have to think about my birth control twice a month. It 's easy to use. That being said, after about six months of use, I realized that I was noticeably more anxious, depressed, and emotional. Where I 've had problems with anxiety before, I more frequently have panic attacks, a rapid heartbeat, and a tight chest. I find it hard to fall asleep at night, and hard to get out of bed in the morning. Maybe the worst part is that I have a very low libido. There will be times when I do have a desire to have sex with my SO, but my body doesn 't respond or tenses up quickly. Otherwise, I don 't think about intercourse nearly as much as I used to.
I was violently sick from taking this. Sure, it relieved the constipation but at one point I was debating whether I need 911. Product: Bisacodyl USP 5 mg, marketed as CVS Brand Women 's Gentle Laxative. I am a middle-aged female, about 135lbs, no health probs.Yesterday I took one tablet in the afternoon. At 8 PM I felt nauseous, some abdominal rumbling. 8:30PM I vomited so hard that I actually wet myself. That was followed by wave after wave of violent abdominal pain. I was sweating so heavily that I stripped off all of my clothes, and so weak that I just laid on the bathroom floor in misery. I vomited again, then had diarrhea. Again at midnight. Again at 2AM. Finally recovered around 5AM. It was a nightmare and I would never take it again
Nuvaring has worked out great for me. The only side effect I experience a lot from is nausea. I could be starving and the smell of food disgusts me.
I am taking this for C-diff.  The medicine stopped the diarrhea after 3 days, but the medicine has made me sick to where I feel nauseous all the time.  I was very sensitive to light as well.  I have a 14 day supply and am on day 12.  The taste is horrible and have gagged several times because it would get stuck in my throat.  I am a baby when it comes to taking pills, but this has definitely been my worst experience.  Just hope I am all cleared up when I go for my follow up visit.  I am a 41 year old female and had bloody mucus in my stools which is what made me finally go to the doctor.  I had previously taken an antibiotic for a sinus infection which most likely caused the c-diff.
After 15 years of Prostate Problems many Biopsies. PSA 139 had acute Urinary Retention and Catherised (not getting Catheter in, bleeding. Put on Duodart slight Improvement, nocturnal from ten times to about 4 to 5 times, very dizzy.
I started taking armour in November 2015.  The first couple of days I felt more tired. But after 4-5 days, I wasn 't tired throughout the day.  I lost 6 lbs in that month.  But then when I started my refill, all the weight came right back on.  Is it possible for a whole batch to be bad??  Or did my body regulate to that dose?
I have a friend who had taken ambien for years without any problems. For whatever reason he had an episode where he took his pill and then remembers nothing until he was at the police station. He had drank three beers (which he only knows because that 's all that was in his frig) then proceded to drive (!!) and ended up crashing into another parked car. This is scarey stuff, eh? It works wonderfully, but I surely wouldn 't want to have a blackout and end up driving. Is there any class action suit against this drug? I 've heard of the other stories -- walking naked in the winter cold, eating while sleeping, and then my friend 's experience.
I had a bad attack of IC, and could not get a bladder irrigation for a few days, so took Uribel.It eased the pain. When I went for my normal swim, I could not catch my breath. I had brachycardia. I stopped taking the meds after a few days because the feeling of not being able to breathe properly was worrying me. It 's 5 or 6 days since I stopped taking it, and when I swam again, the situation was even worse. Tagamet is the only other medicine that has done this to me. I have to keep struggling, even now, sitting at home, to get enough of a breath. I wish the medicine would stop affecting me. I looked online to see what to do, or if brachycardia was listed as a side effect, but it isn 't. I am wondering what I should do to get back to normal.
I switched to this birth control from being on the depo,because I was doing fine till it was like my 3rd shot and I started to bleed and cramp so heavy then usual and nothing was stopping it so I switched to this birth control and so far everything was good till it hid the 3rd month mark and that 's when I 'm started to spot and later on bleed. Which I still am at this point in time and it 's been a whole month now. At this rate I don 't think I want to be on birth control at all anymore if all I do is bleed.
I started Saxenda in on 11/9 Thursday. First dose .6 at the doctors office weighed in at 228.6. Got a headache immediately but went away that evening. Today is 11/11 Saturday I administer in the mornings. No side effects so far, except a little more energy.  I weighed my self today and 230.2. Way to early to judge, but my cravings for starch and sugar are gone and food is starting to look and taste weird. My food portion intake is definitely less almost a struggle to eat. I will update each week.
I have found that this medicine does clear up my eczema temporarily. However, I find that I have a lot of burning sensations around my face- specifically my eyes feel very very warm when I 'm using it.
I took this, started at 60 mg. Caused severe restlessness and lack of sleep. Felt like I had tachycardia going on but didn 't. switched down to 30 mg without doctors consent and don 't get restless or have the feeling in my chest as bad. It 's been a little over a week wish I had better idea on if it 's working or not.
I 've found this product helps to shrink the nasal passages to relieve some of the pressure, but not the headache the build up causes.  They should consider including acetometophine (sp?) for the PAIN that the built up pressure can cause.  In addition to taking the Alavert-D, I have to also take 2 Tylenol for the pain in order to get relief.  Even with taking the Alavert-D and the pressure being released, the pain does not subside unless I take something for it.
It has been decent. I have definitely seen a cut back in my oil production and acne on my neck, however I have been getting breakouts on my cheeks and forehead and I never really did before. I don 't see much of a difference other than less oil. My acne location just pretty much relocated.
Diarrhea a side effect.
I 've been taking Neupogen for low WBC prior to chemo. After getting several mosquito bites that didn 't heal, hemorrhoids, that wouldn 't go away and four days of acid diarrhea each cycle, my oncologist decided to try neulasta. My hemorrhoids are less painful and the acid diarrhea I had has seem to have gone away. I have experienced daily aches in my large bones...thighs, hips, sternum and lower spine. Tylenol helps. I won 't know my counts till next week. 
I got the Skyla inserted three weeks before I got married (virgin until then). Putting in Skyla was fast, but easily the most painful experience of my entire life. It sounds like someone is shooting a rubber-band gun and it feels like someone has shot your uterus. The cramps were the worst cramps I have had in my entire life- I couldn 't focus, I was in tears- really the most painful experience ever. The cramping pain and bleeding didn 't stop for about two months and periods are still extremely painful. I have bad mood swings, I get depressed all the time, and my libido is definitely decreased. My husband can also feel the wires sometimes and it 's painful to him. I 'm not pregnant, so it works... but I 'm not sure it 's worth the side effects.
I was prescribed this for a infection on my knee and I am in a love hate relationship with this drug. Sure it did the trick (cleared it up and some of my acne as well) by the side effects were HORRIBLE. Every single night I would have a stabbing feeling in my back and chest that would last hours causing me to lose sleep... I would only recommend this if it is ABSOLUTELY necessary
I had this birth control for 3 years now and it was processe and painless .. i barely get periods and cramps. . But i noticed iv been gaining weight and its been hard to loose .. iv been having lots of mood swing and always feeling angry and depression ... but a crazy sex drive. .
I 've taking topamax for three years.  It helped but I started getting eye pain behind my left eye.  My eye would throb like a bird was pecking at it. I went to several doctors about it and U of L dr. figured it out...it was topamax causing the problem.  I 'm  off of the meds.and having very little pain behind my eye.
I am a 19 year old college student and just got prescribed Vyvanse about 2 days ago. When I take it I mainly feel relaxed and sometimes excited. I 've never been on any stimulant or ADD medication before. My main concern is losing weight on this medicine. I 'm about 5 '9&quot; and weigh about 135lbs. I eat a lot and I 'm still fairly skinny. I 've always worried about my weight and the last thing I want is to get skinnier. 
I too have been experiencing dramatic weight loss with buspar. Just read the last comment and pretty much spot on. I don 't get hungry anymore. I 'm a 5 '7&quot; female who weighed 175lbs. and now I 'm down to 120lbs. After two   months of this medicine. Also I noticed I seem to be having some severe OCD thoughts while taking this medicine. In the beginning it was all smooth sailing and now it seems like it 's not working. Going to try another medicine.
I dont really use laxatives in my life but because I felt a bit constipated I took two pills( thought 1 will not be enough due to its size) and at 5 am got really bad cramps, and lots of regrets. No more laxatives for me, not worth the pain. By the way, it took just 3-4 hours for the pill to kick in, a way shorter interval of time expected.
Caused breathing problems.
I started taking this medicine in 2006. It works to take the pressure off my heart but it has caused me arthritis in my knees, hands and feet.  Now I am in pain most of the time.  My hands have developed arthritis in both thumbs, my feet have it in my toes.  I tried another Astra Zeneca product called Atacand and it works better but is so expensive I can 't afford to buy it.
Tingling, itching and numbness of my hands.  Sleeplessness leading to insomnia.  Higher glucose numbers no matter the diet nearing diabetes.
I 'm a 47 yr old female. This medicine greatly improved my attention. I was able to complete tasks at work. Organize my work and home. The problem was that my heart would beat rapidly at night keeping me awake. I stopped taking it when my blood pressure increased significantly.
Unfortunately I am experiencing most of the bad side effects. I 've had Implanon in for about 8 months and I have been bleeding non-stop. I have no sex drive whatsoever and have gained 30lbs. I made an appointment to get it removed because I can 't take this bleeding and weight gain. I 'm depressed and have bad anxiety. Only good thing is that I haven 't gotten pregnant. This birth control just isn 't for me.
I started the shot in July 2015 and ended in January 2017. Initially, I had pretty bad headaches, hot flashes, hair loss (nothing that anyone but me noticed), and quite a bit of bleeding (about 3 weeks after my first shot). After, about a month, the side affects started to wane - I stopped bleeding almost entirely (yasss!) and stopped losing hair. That said, while I did not have initial weight gain, I have gained about 15 pounds in the last year (I have never gained this much weight in this amount of time). As a result of the weight gain alone, I am discontinuing with this method of birth control.
It completely worked for birth control. Even if I forgot to take it for a couple days, I never had a pregnancy. But the past 2 1/2 years i started to break out badly and I would feel a pain in the opening of my vagina during sex. It literally felt like I had a cut in a certain spot. I had it checked out immediately by my gynecologist and he couldn 't figure it out. I stopped sex for up to a month to see if it was something that needed to heal and it never went away. It was so painful I would almost cry every time and it made me scared to have sex. I never once thought it could be the pill but I recently stopped taking it just to take a break and that pain went away in a week! And I also got pregnant within a month of stopping too.
I started Belviq with the free 15 day prescription.  After the 15 days, I had only lost 4 pounds.  I decided to get the 30 day prescription since it was only $75 with the Belviq savings card.  I think I will try it for a month or two to see how it goes.  I haven 't really experienced any side affects, other than my blood sugar being way lower than normal, which is a good thing, although I 'm not really sure why, as I feel I am eating as much as before.  Some days it seems I get fuller quicker than normal when eating, but I still get as hungry as I ever did before.  I will be getting back to more regular exercise soon, so I hope that will help too.  I only gave it a &quot;5&quot; for now, until I see how it goes.  Fingers crossed!
I 've been on Sprintec for two months now and my doctor had told me that if I wanted to skip my period I could just skip over the white and jump right into the next pack. So after deciding to do so I 've been bleeding for the past week now unexpectedly throughout the day. I have never had acne before but now that I 've been on Sprintec my forehead has been spotting. Also my breasts have become larger I believe but sore to touch almost everyday. I have gained about 10lbs from it, and my sex drive is gone about halfway through activity. And I 've also been feeling bloated. I 'm not totally  satisfied with the product but not totally dissatisfied since it obviously works. Debating going off it though.
Still hard after a few consecutive daily doses
I went on it with my BP at 145/100 several years ago and it lowered it while eating a standard American diet. A few years ago, I started eating a whole foods diet (limiting processed foods) and had to take myself off the medicine because I would become faint when standing up.Fast forward to a trip to Vegas in March of 2015. I went off the bus and fell back into the standard american diet having long ago stopped regularly monitoring my BP.  Four days ago, I woke up with a headache and called parents to inform them that wouldn 't be making to Turkey Day dinner. Still had some pills remaining and took 50mg a day since along with 2 day fast and eating whole foods again. It 's down to 124/80 after being at 201/113 four days ago. I 'm reducing to
I have currently started taking Keppra for the last week and a half. I have experienced numbness and tingling throughout my whole body, along with what feels like electrical impulse shocks. I 'm tired all the time, trouble sleeping. I can only hope that these side effects will cease because the side effects are making me feel really bad, just the same way as I did with Dilantin I was taking. 
I 'm taking this medication to regulate my period. I was scared after reading the side effects especially about the hair loss and the weight gain, but I know everyone is different. This is my 2nd month and I 've experienced loss of appetite, stomach ache, nausea/vomitting the most...I 've actually lost 10 pounds which is awesome. The neasea/vomitting is only about once a week so it 's not that bad...I just am not hungry anymore...which helps me make better choices in eating. My first month I was hormonal, however now I think my bodies gotten use to it so I 'm not as hormonal. As far as my period...It hasnt been long enough to tell if it 's regulated.
Works on my absessed tooth but side effects are bad, nausea, fatigue, severe diarrhea and malaise.
I just started tegretol 2 days ago in conjunction with Cipralex and Clonazapam. I 've taken the last two mentioned for years up until a few months ago and never had side effects so I know the side effects are from the Tegretol. No appetite. Nausea, and severe migraines. Definitely making me more hopeful and less suicidal and less impulsive, but I just hope the physical symptoms go away soon. I 've never been on Tegretol before.
My eyes are very red and everyone thinks I have been smoking weed,-that 's how bad they look.  They hurt and are light sensitive.  I am going to ask to change to something else.  I can 't deal with this.
I started taking this 2 years ago. I chose it because how easy it is to use and you don 't have to remember to take it every day. Big plus. On the downside I did gain some weight. I also have experienced mood swings and last summer I had sun spots on my face (NEVER had those before!). I 'm going to stop using it soon because I 'm tired of the mood swings!
I am a 44 yr old female and I started taking 10mg twelve days ago.  The first week was really good.  I felt calmer, softer and less agitated.  I didn 't feel depressed but I did experience some minor GI issues (nothing I couldn 't deal with).  This week I feel slow and tired, unexcited about going to the gym anymore.  I can feel depression creeping back in.  I called the doctor today and asked if I could try going up to 20mg.  I 'm hoping I can get back on track.
This was my first birth control brand so I don 't have experience with other brands to compare it to, but I had some issues. I had heavy, two week long periods on this pill, sometimes even longer. Thinking this would eventually level off I stayed on it for a year but it never did. Needless to say, I 've had more than enough of that! Also, on this pill I felt paranoid about things that I never worried about before, I kept thinking something awful would happen whenever I left the house. I just switched bands so I 'm hoping these symptoms stop, especially the paranoia and anxiety. On the plus, my skin never looked better and while the periods were long, I had  minimal cramping.
I started Avastin in November of 2009 after my spinal cord tumor started growing again. I was diagnosed with brain cancer in February 2009. The tumor is in my spinal cord, not in my brain. It effects my right leg. Makes it weak. I had surgery and went through radiation and chemo in April. The tumor was shrinking all summer and then started to grow again. In November 2009, I started Avastin as an addition to the existing Chemo called Temodar. As soon as I started Avastin, the tumor started to shrink, but my symptoms got way worse. So, I have a shrinking tumor, but side effects that are worse. 
I feel like this medication is OK minus the weight gain feels like I put on a lot of weight and is hard to loose
I get bad reaction to the adhesive. The redness stays for weeks and itches so bad. I clean the area with acetone to remove the adhesive residue and then clean it with alcohol. Hope you guys will create one for sensitive adhesive like sensitive bandage. The product helps with overactive bladder I just hope the itch and redness will go away. Been using this patch for a month.
I have been taking Ocella now for about 6 months and in those months I have experienced some weight loss as well as clearer skin. However I also have found that I have ABSOLUTELY NO sex drive. I am only 21 and before taking Ocella I had enough sex drive for me and other people, but now nothing.
My thyroid test showed it to be under active, Dr increased Levothyroxine to 100 MCG to be taken two hours on empty stomach before I can eat!I guestioned Pharmacist and he confirmed  two hours wate.  Very difficult to wait 2 hours!  I take several other medications!  What can I do?
Helps me keep my attention in class,  but seems to make me keep grinding my teeth and move my jaw around.  A tick I guess.
All depends on the individual I actually found that Keppra made my seizures WORSE. I started taking Keppra and was fine for 2 years with no side affects, no seizures, nothing, then 1 day I had a massive grand Mal seizure the doctors keep upping my dose. Now I am on the maximum dose but still having seizures. Before I took Keppra I had only a few fits in my life now I have them about once every couple of weeks.
This is a drug that takes a long time to get fully into your system.  It does not just &quot;work&quot; after a day or a week.  I was on this medication from 2004 to 2007.  It worked pretty well (about 85%) for anxiety, but not very well for depression.  My nutritionist and Doctor agreed that it was the medication that caused me to gain 30 pounds (which by the way, does not help depression.) I had to keep a food journal and keep track of my activity level. The overall panic subsided, but at night when trying to fall asleep I would occasionally have chest pain, or rapid heartbeat, or trouble breathing.  You just have to try to find ways around medicines to cope.  
I had Skyla put in Feb 2015. I am 31, no kiddos, I went to work immediately after getting Skyla put in. I took 2 Aleve and the pain/severe cramps were gone. I had my first period for 17 days straight. One week no period. Then 2 more weeks of period. Eventually getting lighter and lighter but still the full 7 days. Side effects are acne, gained 15lbs, moody and no cramping. I have tried everything to work off the added pounds but nothing is working despite eating healthy and working out 5 days a week. Not sure if I will be keeping it in the full 3 years, the side effects are just not fun.
My husband has secondary progressive MS and has been using Ampyra for 1 month.  He didn 't see any changes at first, but we now notice that he has an easier time swallowing (he used to cough a lot while eating/drinking), he hasn 't fallen at all and he thinks his balance is better.  Since the changes have been subtle he is now keeping a diary of how he feels each day.
I started with 20mg and stayed on that for 1 month.  I didn 't see much of a change in with my issues but was a tiny bit better.  I went to 40mg for 4 months and I felt some improvement but I became depressed again.  I have just started 80mg last week.  I was feeling angry and nervous and not sleeping at all for about 4 days.  I 'm on the 6th day now and those side effects are almost gone.  I 'll update after a little more time goes by.  But I am feeling a little more motivated and awake.
I found that while this medicine does relieve some of the pressure the migraine is still there. It also makes me nauseated.
I have taken Velivet for almost 2 years. I 've been getting menstrual migraines from withdrawal sometimes during my period. Also have low libido which I 'm not sure if it 's related to this pill. 
Today was my first day taking concerta. I am 19 and have pretty severe ADHD and a little anxiety that coincides with the ADHD. I took 36mg at 8:30 am and kicked in at 10. I definitely noticed it, I felt alert and energetic but not focused, and I still found myself pretty forgetful before leaving for work. By the end of work I felt really emotionless and had a head ache, and when I got home at 6 I began crying for no particular reason. After crying I felt much better and focused very well on school work. Now I feel happier but surprised by how much of a roller coaster the whole day was. Overall I 'm not sure this is the medication for me, hoping this reaction is normal and it just takes some time to adjust.
Was on language for 4 years no side effects was taking 58 units,been on toujeo for 3 weeks and I 'm beginning to notice a pounding heart beat off and on it started yesterday I hope this passes cause I like the numbers i 'm getting wasn 't getting these kind of numbers with language.
Not so much of a comment about the effectiveness of Spiriva, but more about the company 's &quot;QUALITY CONTROL&quot; which sucks! I 've had a ongoing discussion with Boehringer Ingelheim, the company that makes Spiriva for the last year after receiving &quot;blank capsules&quot; in their packages.At a cost of over $12.00 (in my case) per capsule, this is unacceptable. I honestly expected that this was a isolated incident at first and reported it to the company (and pharmacy) immediately, and again, and again, and again! At first they stated it was a &quot;isolated incident&quot;, then it was  a &quot;equipment malfunction&quot;. Seems like they have a endless supply of excuses, rather than fixing the problem!
I 've been taking this for 6-7 years now (started at 20mg then to 40mg now back at 20mg) and I think its time for a change for me. It 's stopped working for me in the past 1 year (my anxiety has come back). I also never liked the side effects, mainly: leg muscle spasms at night, easily electrically shocked, and drowsiness.
I had the Nexplanon put in 5 weeks after my son was born and well as far &quot;birth control&quot; it was great. Now the side effects was awful my arm would randomly hurt I gained a ton of weight and my periods where way out of whack. its a 50/50 thing for me the side effect where not worth it.
I have struggled with anxiety/depression/insomnia my whole life. Nothing ever had any noticeable effects until I was prescribed Celexa back in 2007. I was on it for years, then decided to try life without it and was tapered off. The thing about Celexa (and all antidepressants) is they work well in that you wont spend as much time crying and all that but they also inhibit you from feeling genuine euphoria! You just stay at a base-line. 
I used doxycycline hyclate for my bronchitis. It really helped me get better faster, it even got rid of the few zits I had. The downfall is after I was done with my prescription I broke out all over! My face, neck, and chest are all covered in acne or its a rash, I 'm not sure... I 've never had bumps this bad in my entire life!
I was prescribed Sertraline a few days ago after having a severe panic attack (yet again). After explaining my family history to the doctor he concluded that my anxiety was probably caused by an underlying depression/ slight bipolar disorder that was never diagnosed or treated. As much as I tried to wish I was &quot;normal&quot; and denied having the same issues as many of my family members I just have to accept that I have inherited that gene. I am still nervous about being on medicines but I am hoping it helps to get my emotions under control.
I have been on lexapro 4 days 5mg and found I have nausea and feel very restless and more anxiety I also have the a strange feeling in my leg not sure whether to keep going with medication. My heart feels like it is racing but that could be from the anxiety. Not sure I can rate this so early in taking it.
I have only been on this pill for 3 weeks now, but wanted to insert my experience because it seems pretty different than some of the other reviewers. I had light spotting for about a week and a half four days into taking the pill, then it completely stopped. I didn 't experience any other side effects until the next week: dizziness, lightheadedness, and something I can only describe as a &quot;mental cloudiness.&quot; These effects would normally last 15 hours after taking the pill (I take it at 9PM). Nothing I do could help it--eating, drinking water, you name it. Feels kind of like I have morning sickness or something until 2PM, but I would like to add that that is not consistently every day. I take my pill at the same time every day.
I took Cipro for a sinus infection along with bronchitis. It worked very well but I didn 't like the fact that I had to avoid dairy and take my multivitamin at a small window of opportunity during the day.  Cipro made me very tired and weak, also a little fuzzy. Plus side was I slept great at night and it cured my infections.
I have had  diverticulitis attacks 2 times/year for several years and have been successful treating it with Keflex or Cipro. For whatever reason my gastro MD added metronidazole in combo with Keflex this time. After 4 days I 'm stoping the metronidazole because of side effects. Metronidazole did not ease the diverticulitis pain faster (still took 3 days for pain to subside) and it has made me tired, lethargic to the point of not even getting dressed. Pressure in my head and severe cramps. Im a high energy upbeat person and this droopy soul doesn 't suit me. I 'll stick to the Cipro, change up my probiotic and avoid flagyl in the future
I took Diovan for two months to reduce blood pressure.  It appears to be working, with no apparent side effects, other than COST.  It is not available as a generic and even with a good prescription benefit it was costing me $60/month.
This medication definitely was effective in taking away the symptoms of urgency after I had a urinary procedure done. It worked pretty fast within 30min. However the side effect if &quot;fluttering heart&quot; was very negative for me as I have an anxiety disorder so the heart palpitations triggered me to get very panicky. The side effect starting after an hour of taking it and subsided about 2-3 hrs afterwards. Overall I would recommend this medication because the effectiveness was excellent.
Xanax got me through a year or so of acute anxiety and debilitating panic attacks. I got rather attached to those pretty lavender pills. I called them &quot;my darling little Easter eggs,&quot; they were so precious in relieving the terror that developed into agoraphobia. At max dose I was so sedated I started calling it &quot;Zombinal.&quot; It had stopped working its magic, and under the care of a naturopath I simply stopped taking it. Amazingly, after a couple of shaky days, my anxiety diminished and panic attacks were history. I later learned that between depleted receptors and mini-withdrawls, Xanax was actually causing my symptoms. No more Xanax, no more panic, not even the slightest anxiety. I guess I got cured.
I 'd been using Ortho Tri-Cyclen Lo for about 6 years, but today I switched to a generic brand. I can only say negative about this - migraines, weight gain and tiredness. Not to mention the price. My insurance did not cover it so it cost about $50 a month. Hopefully my new pills will work out better for me.
I have had Implanon for two and a half years. The first three months were bliss: no period, no weight gain. Around four months I started to get acne, something I never had in high school and my periods came randomly. Some months I bled for 3 weeks on and off. Other months I would have 2 four day periods about a week apart. I never knew when I would start or stop. At two years I decided the irregular periods were too much and went to my gynecologist. She prescribed me low doses of estrogen. Since starting the estrogen my period have become more regular. All in all Implanon has done it 's job; I am not and have never been pregnant, and the side effects are worth being kid-free for three years.
I 've been on gabapentin for several yrs &amp; it was originally for back pain. I had my L4/5 disc fused then 6 years later had a spinal cord stimulator put in. 4 surgeries later NO RELIEF AT ALL. I 've been on 300 MG 3x 's a day. But recently my neurologyst decided that I should actually take 600 MG 3x 's a day because I 've been suffering from migraines since age 7. The thing that I 've noticed is that my memory is off. I will be in a drive thru &amp; have a list of items that I want off the menu &amp; as soon as they ask me what I want, I draw a blank &amp; look at my son like &quot;HELP&quot; At first I didn 't think anything of it but now it 's becoming habit. Why??
Took my first dose 2 hours ago. I smelled it and thought to myself &quot;this won 't be too bad.. It smells like cough syrup!&quot; Well, two sips in I was gagging like no other. It took about a half hour to choke it down. Instantly, cramps and the worst nausea I 've ever experienced. Slowly a headache added to my problems and I 've been miserable since. First movement just happened and yeah, faucet-butt that won 't shut off! It definitely works. But I 'm scared that I won 't be able to get my second dose down.
The medicine worked right off the bat, after 30 minutes or so, could breathe much better, and as a smoker, helped my wheezing go away, and not as tired with more energy. NOW the BAD part. I have had a heart attack and have 3 stents. For 3 years, my bp has been perfect at 110/65 with a pulse of 58 to 65 even drinking caffiene and smoking. Since starting this, BP has increased a little, but pulse no matter what stays above 110 24/7, SO, can 't take it for that reason only...
I take it often since I have anxiety a lot at school but now I have been very itchy and have had loss of appetite.. It doesn 't work that well for anxiety and these side effects are horrible. (It 's an as needed)
I will make 3 years of being on Skyla April 2018. So far I have had a miserable experience on Skyla. When I first got it inserted I cramped and bleed for 2 months straight. I went back in for checkups during those two months and the doctor said it was normal. And that my body was just adjusting. The bleeding stopped after the 3rd month, but started back immediately after having sex.  And from that point on it was a constant cycle or stopping, sex, bleeding back on. I would say out of an entire month I only had like 10 days (if that) of not bleeding. My cycles were not heavy, and I didn 't really experience any cramps, but bleeding constantly gets to be annoying. I would probably not get a new one inserted after my 3 years is over.
I was on Skyla for about 2 years and had an okay experience.The pros- insertion and removal were quick and easy, just a pinch. I had some cramping following both but in both cases it didn 't last longer than a day. Not having to worry about taking the pill. This was the entire reason I got on. It was nice not to worry about it. The cons- Irregular bleeding. Some months I had the heaviest flow which would last 10 days and others I had light sporting for 2 days. It was very frustrating to be inconsistent. Also, body acne. I started breaking out on my back, shoulders, chest, and neck all places I had never had before. Anxiousness during sex, I know the Dr says it can 't be moved, but I felt pain/fear when a partner went too deep. Hope I helped!
When taking macrobid I felt slightly nauseous and had a headache for a few hours. My advice is to eat a light meal with it. I didn 't hence I felt sick. After 5 days symptoms improved though. Glad I stuck through it the last 4-5 days :)
34 year old suffering from swollen prostate medicine worked good but had to stop taking it do to back pain that spread to my legs.
I can go another 2 years with this. I haven 't gained any weight but my appetite goes back and forth for one day. I can eat once a day or some days I eat four times a day. My sex drive has stayed the same, my hair also broke off in the middle. But since I am a college student and I didn 't want any mishaps that 's why I got it. One thing I can say is that is really does work if you don 't want kids. But the doctor can never tell you how many changes your body can go through. 
I have only been taking this medication for 2 weeks. It has been pretty up and down for me each and everyday. I requested help for anxiety made worse by PMS. I started on 2.5mg and had scary anxiety, worse than what I was even taking it for, mild dry mouth, dizziness, and head sensations that were not quite painful but annoying. Just when I thought it was getting better, side effects seem to come and go as they please. I know that 2 weeks is not a fair amount of time to evaluate the drug completely and while my PMS was improved this month, I feel different, and not in a good way. I don 't know how much longer I will give it a go.
What they didn 't tell me is how dependent you get on it. It started off I could miss a few days and not feel anything. Then I would feel it if I missed one or 2 days but I would just be a little more down. Now if I miss a day I can 't function and if I miss 2 it gets really scary. It 's only happened once or twice while I 've been on it but by the second or third day missed I am not myself. I 'm anxious, my jaw hurts, I can 't sleep, crying fits are common, vomiting and headaches are constant. During this time there are stages that are worse than other but  'brain zaps ' and dizziness are common. I 've also seen and heard things and overall it feels like you are high and is the most awful thing I 've ever experienced. It 's made the med not worth it.
I have been using this cream on the front of my ear for a week. There is swelling itching crusting and so much oozing it will drip down my face. Around day 5 I started feeling tired and weak. Then day 6 and 7 I have felt like I have the flu..I feel awful. Lymph nodes seem swollen and throat is sore.  My lower back hurt as well one day but not everyday. I was worried the fluid dripped down into my ear canal. My doctor told me to stop using it and come back to see him in 3 wks..
It wears off too quick
My son has IGA deficiency and as soon as he stopped taking this medication his fever returned.
Good for breathing
I had Implanon inserted May 2013 and still have it in now (January 2015). There have been positives and negatives. Positives; I have not had a period since the insertion, I did not get pregnant, my arm was bruised for a day. Negatives; I have NO sex drive, have gained 35 pounds (rapidly) since the implant, I have slight mood swings and have been short tempered since starting this birth control method.  I have been on a strict diet for the last six months to lose weight and can not shed a pound. My Implanon days are numbered.
This is my first week taking contrave, and so far  I have had no side effects.  I am not hungry at all.  I bought protein shakes, just in case.  I am already down 3 1/2 lbs.
I 've been on nuvaring for about 5 months and it was pretty good until i got a different partner. Initially I experienced some bleeding in the very beginning during hard sex, but now with a &quot;bigger guy&quot; I 've blead quite a bit, and he says that he can totally feel it (and it doesn 't feel the best). We tried having sex with out it and I didn 't bleed, but still having to take something out before every time you have sex and being on a 3 hour time constraint per 24 hours is not that fun. It does have its pluses though, like you don 't have to take the pill everyday. However also, explaining to a guy that he might feel something up there during foreplay is also not the funnest...
I am just starting week 3 of 12 for BCC on my sideburn.The area turned into a scab almost immediately and is now about the size of a British penny -- it has been sore at times, and I have noticed another spot below it that may just be an insect bite.I go running most days and I 'm pretty healthy - I did notice feeling a bit lethargic and my airways not being so clear, but I 'm currently putting that down to the weather and my training regime.I will update as I progress.
A suggestion for people that have insomnia problems with Pristiq--take it in the morning. The first week I was on this I took it at night and there was no sleeping to be had. I 've been on it for 8 months now and ever since I switched to mornings and I 've been sleeping just fine.
Med works but the side effect is horrible. After taking it, the pain and soreness in Prostate is gone in a few hours. But I got Nasal congestion and a severe headache! I only took it once.
Gave me a dry cough so I stopped using it.
I am taking this drug for an arrhythmia and have been since July 2016. I didn 't even know I had any condition until I passed out and ended in hospital, I am now 39. I have found that I get off balance from doing to much or if walking around for to long i need to take &quot;breaks&quot;. The last week I 've started getting major headaches, going to Dr this week about those. I am interested in knowing if anyone has continued their usual workouts? Or if they have been on scary rides at theme parks or even rock climbing etc. will be asking Dr if ok etc but I have been so scared to do too much because of this new condition that my life is not the same and I want my life back!!! 
Worked great for many months. Then I started noticing my hair falling out, bladder irritation, and then the dark spots that were staying put while the rest of my summer tan was fading. It was great while it lasted though.
Tastes awful. Better to drink it all down in one go rather than taking small sips. Shat myself a little later cause I thought it was only gas. Spent the next 45 minutes shitting liquid.
I 've been on the pill for almost a month, no break through bleeding, but light cramps and headaches but not severe. I guess I can say that 's good compared to some others comments but I 'm getting off the pill today because I just got on it because I wanted fewer periods but I absolutely hate cramps and headaches. Hope it works for you.
This was very simple to use.  I thought it would be great.  My 3 year old has vomiting as a side effect. My 6 year old and I seem to have no side effects.
I had Implanon put in December 2009, now 2 years in. I 've had lots of medical problems and not sure the cause. A few months in started getting bad mood swings, could have been postpartum depression. But thyroid actually was way off. I 'm still on antidepressant and taking medicine for thyroid. I am still on going to lots of doctor visits to find out cause of hormonal problems, no doctor has been able to help me.
I was given a prescription of 30mg Restoril by my GP doctor to help combat recurring bouts of insomnia. While it did nothing to help me fall asleep, it did help me in a couple of other ways. I frequently suffer from tension headaches and noticed after 15 minutes of my first dose the headache was completely eradicated which lead me to believe that it does well as a muscle relaxer . Another property of the drug which I found helpful was a significant decrease in anxiety and made me more comfortable in social situations . I never felt &quot;high&quot; just an increased desire to interact with my fellow peers. So while I can 't give it a glowing review for the reason it was prescribed, other effects outweighed the uselessness of the intended treatment.
I am 24 years old and my terrible cystic acne has returned worse than ever. (I was on Accutane several years ago which cleared it up nicely, but do not want to go back on it because of depression and irritable bowel syndrome). My dermatologist put me on doxycycline about 3 weeks ago. I started to notice a little improvement - the pimples seemed to be smaller and less painful, but now it 's that time of the month and I 'm having a huge breakout again. I 'm also on birth control (Tri-Nessa) and a topical cream (Epiduo). I 'm hoping that the results will be much more noticeable in month 2.
I was so pleased to read all of the reviews about Letrozole.  Now I know that I 'm not alone.  Hot flashes worse than menopause.  Always off balance.  Won 't do stairs without a railing or holding on to person anymore after quite a few falls.  Don 't get dizzy, but never know when a stumble or fall is coming.  Very dry mouth (other meds also cause dry mouth/thirst).  This is extremely hard to deal with as chemo put my kidneys in failure and on dialysis am limited to 1.5 liters of liquid a day.  Headaches, bone pain, fatigued constantly, muscle pain especially in legs, lack of appetite, foods don 't taste the same. Ran out about a week ago, starting to come out of the fog! Feel like I 'm 100, not 57, sigh.
Switched from Zoloft, after the initial  first week and withdraws from the zoloft, I noticed that my irritability never went away and seemed to get worse. I was yelling at my kids 3 days straight and realized this just isn 't me. It 's treated my depression but the irritability and agitation along with the other effects just are not worth it. Have a hard time sleeping due to the dreams that I have that only started once I started taking it. Hallucinations started as well. It seems some days I have a hard time with what 's real and what 's not only when just relaxing my mind seems to jump all over. Will be switching  ASAP this drug isn 't for me. I would rather have the weight gain from the zoloft. Expensive even with insurance.
I 've been on my period for over 5 months.. it sucks. Sometimes I 'm light or spotting and then randomly I 'll get heavy. I haven 't stopped bleeding since I got it. And I hear it takes months to end the bleeding but it seems like it 'll never end. Ita not what I thought it would be.
I use to be on Yaz until the price got so high. I switched to a different one for a few months had awful side effects so my year check up came and my doctor recommended Beyaz. I have been on it for almost a year. And my sex drive is almost completely gone and I 'm more moody on the pill than off. It 's crazy. But I don 't have any headaches anymore. Had no weight gain and no cramping or back aches on my period.
My normal periods involved changing a super plus tampon hourly/wearing an overnight pad for 3 days, then 2 medium flow days, severe diarrhea, vomiting and extreme bloating and very paining cramps, heavy cloting.  I decided to try this and the first two weeks were great, no bleeding or pain, then I got my period and it was very light with minimal cramps for one day! I was soooo happy I cried. One month later I 'm still bleeding! It 's super light and I only see light pink blood when I wipe.  I hope it ends soon going to give it time and a few more shots. I don 't think anyone should get this shot unless they were in my position with an abnormal heavy/painful period.  I rather have light spotting for months than one week of extreme pain.
Was on this pill for two years. Gained about 15 pounds, had cystic acne around my periods, and my mood swings were unbelievable. I would find myself getting so angry and irritated at everyone and everything for absolutely no reason. Perks were I didn 't get pregnant and my periods were short and light, with no cramping. This was my 6th pill I tried and after this I gave up and switched to an IUD. Couldn 't be happier.
I would not recommend for anyone. What the doctors fail to mention is the constant pain and discomfort. They will also make excuses when asked to have it removed telling you to wait. After 5 years of pain, no sex life as the cramping is not worth it. finally i was granted my wish to have it removed. Unfortunately it was surgically as it had went into my uterine wall. The doctors fail to mention this product can ruin lives as im not sure if i can have children. Threads were still visible and had regular checks too. 3 days it has been gone and my headaces, cramps, pain down my leg gone with it.Yes it stops pregnancy but at the cost of it being potentally permanent and also the lack of sex drive.My advice please avoid.
I am on my third day of taking 50mg of Pristiq after 12 years of taking 150mg of EffexorXR every morning. I have had my depression and anxiety under control for the last 11 1/2 years because of therapy, family support and the EffexorXR. My main reason for trying Pristiq, which is very similar to Effexor, is to try to lessen the amount of time it takes to achieve orgasm. &quot;It takes forever!&quot; My doctor seems to think this will help. We 'll see.
Many doctors seem to be convinced that if you have an AD disorder, you simply can 't get high on stimulant medications. This is NOT the case at all.First off,  stimulant medications in general work well... very very well. The first day I took adderall I was at school. About an hour after I took my dose of 20mgs I started to feel this awake, alert, energetic feeling inside. I liked, a lot. For the next 5 hours all of my boring subjects became very interesting and I became a very social person. After about a month, those effects started to go away. I went to the doc and asked for a dose increase. Without any hesitation, he DOUBLED my dose to 40mg. I quickly found my self abusing adderall. 1 year later and I 'm now in rehab for drug abuse.
First of all, the other commenters are right on; it HURT. I took 800mg Ibruprofen an hour before and it still really hurt, like the most painful cramp ever. The bright side was that it only lasted about 40 seconds total and then the cramps calmed down. I was pretty okay a few minutes after, however, I didn 't leave the doctors office until a half hour later. I almost passed out while walking through the waiting room, they noticed me &amp; rushed 3 nurses out to me with a cold rag, juice, and a wheelchair. I guess I was sweating and turned blue, my body was like what is this thing!? 8 Days later and I still have moderate cramps, hoping they subside soon. A few days I 've had no cramps at all, and other days I 'm woken up at 3am! Hope it 's worth it!
The pharmacist said the only side effect was vivid dreams. It is going down the Alice in Wonderland 's rabbit hole. It is supposed to get better after a week. Here 's hoping the pharmacist is right.
I switched to Wellbutrin after a year of Zoloft mostly due to weight gain (I 'd gained about 20 lbs. in a year). I started taking Wellbutrin 2x a day with a plan to eventually increase to extended release but the meds kept me up all night. I got maybe 4 hours of sleep a night even with Zzzquil. My sleep was extremely restless and I woke up about every hour. I called my doctor and asked if I could switch to the extended release version but she said it would probably be the same situation. I did like how the meds made me feel. Very little depression and I felt super energized and productive. Honestly I was almost too wired; I was very jittery and almost a bit manic.
Literally I feel like the this is the worst medication I 've ever been on. Surgeon put me on this for an oral abscess.... been dying for like 5 days and two more to go. Can 't sleep but I 'm so tired eat, look at light, worst headache ever. Stomach hurts but this headache makes me forget about that. All in all, I feel horrible.
The medicine works but the side affect is kind of horrible. The first 3-4 days are fine for me, then I forgot and took a mixed drink with alcohol. I drank half of the glass and felt so sick (headache, dizzy, hot, etc.). Luckily everything was gone in the next day. So be careful about this. After that I started to notice the taste, it 's weird and annoying. It made me want to eat constantly as I couldn 't stand the after taste of the medicine in my mouth. I also felt dizzy sometimes, not sure because of the medicine. I 'm done for today. 1 tablet left but I think it 's enough. Anyway it works. I wonder if they have something else with less side effect!
Seroquel helped my paranoia and really kept me mentally stable, but I also was tired all the time, sometimes sleeping for 15 hours a day. I also gained 30 pounds within three months of being on Seroquel. I wouldn 't recommend this medicine for anyone who does not wish to rapidly gain weight.
Chateal is the first birth control pill I 've tried, the brand chosen for me by the clinic I went to. Everything seemed fairly normal and predictable within the first month. Then in the second month I began to experience side affects: lethargy/&quot;over-tiredness&quot;, and severe mood swings. I 'm already a very emotional person, so I quickly became overwhelmed (as did my poor boyfriend) and decided to quit before the end of the second month. In the days that followed I experienced an ordinary period and an improvement on my mood and energy level. Chateal kept me from getting pregnant, but I really couldn 't handle the side affects. My advice would be to just listen to your body and be thorough when looking for the pill that 's right for you
This is the third time I am submitting a review for Xulane. I was approaching 1 year using this patch, but discontinued it this past Friday. Over the past 6 months, I have had high blood pressure readings (extremely high). The only change I have made over the past year is switching from Ortho Evra to Xulane. My Doctor thinks this is causing my high blood pressure. Not only that, but I have been having headaches, which I never had prior to taking this patch. Not sure if anyone else has had an increase in blood pressure, since they started this patch? I hoped I was not the only one. Anyone else?
Not sure if these side effects are all because of nexplanon, but I 've noticed the following after 1 and a half years of use:- I 'm in 11 months of chronic bloating (Dr says it 's acute IBS?) - I gained 10% of my weight after having the same steady weight for 12 years - I sometimes feel my blood bubble around the upper arm where the nexplanon is placed. - ringing eardrums almost every day - my vision went from -1.0 to -2.5 in a year - less frequent (1/2 a week): nausea, chest pains, headache
I was prescribed birth control about 6 years ago due to complications from ovarian cysts. The very first one I tried was lo-estrin 24 which made me incredibly nauseas. I then tried a couple other ones but they all made me nauseous as well. Finally I was prescribed ocella. I felt pretty good on it. Didn 't notice any weight changes. My skin looked AMAZING. I would just get bad migraines/nauseas/sick a day or two before my period and some days randomly during the month.It wasn 't until I STOPPED taking ocella (or any birth control...long story/not sexually active at the moment) about 6 months ago that made me realize how much better I feel off of it. I feel like a new person. My mood is 10x better. Sex drive is back. Only down side- my skin
I have limited experience with any other Blood Pressure medications but reading the comments I see the patterns I 've experienced on Bystolic (10mg before bed every night).  Intermittent restless sleep, occasional neck and shoulder pains, inconsistent blood pressure readings ranging from an ideal 120/80 to spikes around 160/100. Intermittent bouts of extreme fatigue. I think my problem might be either inconsistent dose effectiveness (i.e. some of my pills might not be as strong as they 're supposed to be) or I need to be on smaller doses twice a day to even out the effects. I 'll check with my doctor.
I use this as the only medicine for my sinus and colds, its the only one that works for me. But now the dosage has changed, used to be 1 every 12 hrs and it worked great. The new dosage 1 every 4 hrs doesn 't help at all, so I have to take 2 at a time which works better but not like the 12 hr dosage pills. I would have rated it 10 if it was a year or so ago.
Diagnosis: Borderline personality disorder w/ comorbid depression and generalised anxiety Duration of treatment: 5 weeks Pros: I think about suicide a lot less, my emotions are starting to come back, my libido is up and my birth control induced high blood pressure has lowered to a comfortable level, if I take it in the morning I sleep really well and wake up rested, I haven 't gained any weightCons: Occasionally waking up in the middle of the night feeling unable to get enough oxygen in, a headache that lasts all day everyday, mild nausea, increased burping, my eyesight has gotten a little worse (I 'm nearsighted), anxiety attcks were frequent in the first 2 weeks, progress is slow
Good method of birth control as you only get a shot once every three months and I didn 't experience any birth control failures, acne, weight gain, or periods/spotting whatsoever in the four and a half years I used this method. Huge cons for me included zero sex drive and out of control mood swings along with suicidal thoughts because of my post-partum depression which I think the shots unnecessarily prolonged for years.
I was taking fentanyl and they put me on Opana and I felt it might have worked okay for a little while, but I went back on fentanyl a few months later.
I found it worked quickly. It 's just irritating when you have a headache and are dizzy for a week. The constipation is uncomfortable as well.
Been on it for two months. Didn 't notice a difference to three weeks taken it. Started sleeping through the night with vivid dreams, but my dreams are always vivid. Depression got bad, but seems to be letting up. My doctor wants me to take it in the morning, but I sleep most of the day, and feel like crap till the afternoon. Plus the restlessness during the day is miserable. On 40mg now, and going to start taking it at night. I can take it on an empty stomach with no problems. Will see what happens. Was seriously thinking of stop taken it, but reading these reviews really helped. That I wasn 't the only one with some of these issues. I thank you all!! One last thing I 'm Bipolar ll mixed manic, and people have notice that I 'm calmer.
I have to take more and more. It wears off fast. I also get constipated and itch like crazy from it!
I was on Loestrin for around a year, and I needed to get off of it because it made me very depressed.  I was always moody and upset, and two of my friends told me that Loestrin made them feel like it too.  I 've been off of it for about two months now, and I feel so much better.  Other than the depression, there weren 't many bad side effects.  I just couldn 't deal with the mood changes.
Have been on Cymbalta for 4 days.. My pain was severe--doctor put me on methotraxate and Cymbalta, and Ultram. I feel fairly good today...the pain in my arms went from a 10 to a 3. I will continue it for 8 days, then I see dr. again. So, maybe this one will work. I also have the itchy body and a little dizzy, no sickness today.
Just 3 days in on using Testim and with all the negative reviews I was worried. The application process is not a big deal to me and while sticky it drys quickly and my shirts don 't stick.  My wife noticed the smell but thought it smelled manly and no one else has commented yet.  I barely notice it even having asthma.  Reallly no apparent changes yet but today I had an itch on the side of my penis and started scratching it and almost in no time I was semi erect so I guess that 's a good first step.  My Urologist told me to expect changes after 5-6 days so we 'll see.
I am on my first week of it and I feel good. I had anxiety, depression and obsessive compulsive disorder. I would like to up my mg soon though. It kind of gives me an I don 't care outlook on a lot of little things that would stress me out highly.
I 've been on this birth control pill since August 2014 and I will be stopping March 2016. I wanted to give it a fair shot to help my acne but I 'm now making a change to ortho tri-cylen. It didn 't help my face, in fact, I think I just had a horrible breakout when I first started taking this pill and it went away but just last month I was terrorized by a wave of cystic acne on my cheeks so it 's time to move on to something else. Although it didn 't help my face, it essentially cleared my BACK. Unfortunately I do have hyper pigmentation from all the acne that was once there but that 's better than having red/yellow, bumpy crocodile skin on my back. I am 115lbs right now and went up to 129lbs when I first started taking the pill.
I 've been on Cymbalta for almost 6 months.  I started off with the 60mg doses and I felt great (first 3 months).  The first few days I was sleeping constantly and felt completely out of it (giddy, glazed over etc).  Side effect outside of the first couple weeks was limited to orgasms taking forever.  My depression still seems to be up and down but my anxiety levels and ability to control OCD related thoughts has been wonderful.  Feels good to have less &quot;noise&quot; upstairs in the brain department. I 'm currently on 120mg and asking my Doctor to adjust as I 'm still feeling depressed.  Sleep wise I get up extremely early but fall asleep fine and seem to be much more motivated than I used to be.
While Ativan definitely helped me deal with anxiety for short periods of time after administration, I found that it gave me awful rebound anxiety within 4-6 hours after as it began to wear off. It is very short acting, which can be great for taking care of acute panic / anxiety attacks, but it 's NOT a good choice for individuals who must take a it multiple times a day.
It has worked great for preventing pregnancy, but has it 's downfalls. It has increased my migraines greatly and also has lowered my sex drive. I have also noticed since taking it I have been less happy and occasionally a lot more moody.
I have been on Pristiq for 9 months. Previously I was on Cymbalta to help with depression and fibromyalgia. Pristiq seemed to help somewhat at first (for a few months) but then the suicidal thoughts returned. I 'm now being taken off Pristiq (slowly). It just isn 't working any more and I 'm still in deep depression. So thankful that my doctor is switching me to something else. 
I have partial complex seizures and Vimpat has helped me not to go totally unconscious. I still have the auras, but don 't have the &quot;full blow&quot; seizures where I do not remember anything.  Weird thing is that I don 't have the strong &quot;full blown&quot; seizures, but I have more frequent aura 's.  Don 't know which is worse.  It is safer for me not to have the actual seizure, but having more aura 's during the day is scary too.  Also, it seems like my memory is getting worse and I can 't think of what it is I want to say.  My mind goes blank on me especially when trying to think of the word I am wanting to say.  My hair has dried out and have lost a lot of it too.  Not sure if Vimpat is worth all this or not!
I have been using xulane for about 2 to 3 months maybe longer I have not gotten pregnant though my boyfriend is fixed next went back into get checked so there is a slim chance. I used the nuva ring before I liked it to a point uncomfortable to me and my boyfriend so I switched to the patch at first it was fine then after a month or less of using it I noticed intense mood swings like bi polar mood swings wanting go off on people for stupid little things being straight up mean to my man and not caring then feel terrible after. I have no energy at all always tired I hate myself like this it 's not me I 'm going to stop this birth control I hate these bad mood swings
Rated a 5 due to its effectiveness at preventing pregnancy but I stopped taking it after many years of this brand or the same ingredients in different brands because I 've finally realized it is the cause of my frequent migraines, terrible moodiness and anger issues. I stopped taking to try to conceive and had been off it for about two years. All of those side effects disappeared at least a great deal. Now I 've been back on for 6 months and all side effects have reappeared. Please if you are experiencing depression, anger issues, anxiety or similar issues don 't write it off, it will begin to have a huge affect on your daily life.
I 've taken Flexeril off and on since  'late  '98 when I was (mis)diagnosed with muscle-spasms (ER trip was due to a kidney stone). Flex was great at relieving muscles spasms for 7 out of 10 days Rx-d. I took it for all 10 days, tho ' the low-back spasms were gone after day 7--the kidney-stone-pain, however, remained.I 've been taking it &quot;as needed&quot; (having fractured my T12 or L1 vertebra when I was 8, herniated discs, etc--at this writing, I 'm 59) for about 6 months, per my PCP. After the first bottle, I told him about the soporific/zombie effects and he now requires me to take it only when I go to bed to sleep.Flex has a 1/2 life of 18-23 hours. Thus, it doesn 't wear off fast. A bit of Melatonin helps me get better-than-zombie sleep. :)
I 've been on lexapro for months now but recently i have been experiencing bad nausea at night only. Im thinking about switching if it doesn 't stop (night 3)
I started with 5mg then went to 10mg. I thought it was a great improvement. However, I started getting severe nausea that didn 't go away after a month. I had to stop taking it, but I 'm still having the nausea 3 weeks later. 
49 yo male, generally healthy including normal blood pressure.  I had a bare metal stent placed in a main artery and have been on 2.5 mg of Bystolic for 3 months now.  For the most part I feel good. The subtle changes to my body I have noticed include uncertainty, forgetfulness, fatigue and working at a slower pace. Never being on any medications prior to my procedure I became concerned  and phoned my Cardiologist.  Their reply: &quot;Oh we hear that all the time from patients on the drug, it 's normal.  You body is adjusting as it would to pair of new eye glasses&quot;.  It didn 't make me feel any better.
Now onto Week 5 of non smoking with Champix. Have tried many cessation tools (patches etc) but this has been the best for controlling urges to smoke easier.However, side effects for me have been crazy so will be stopping the course early. The side effects include insomnia, tiredness, lucid dreams, lethargy, swollen legs and ankles, sore feet, constipation, nausea, mood swings that feel more in line with bi-polar depression/quick to anger/anxiety/frustration. More than the usual nicotine withdrawal associated symptoms.
I found it helpful to keep me focused I take 30 mg x 2 daily. After 3 years of taking it, I  don 't believe it works anymore.  I  lose concentration and I am tired a lot. Age 59.
I started taking qsymia on 11/14/15 so for i am experiencing 2 of the known side effects  problem sleeping i am a sleeper so i know this could very well be the meds ,and also constipation. I haven 't gotten on the scale yet i just hope its working...
I have been on lortab and oxycontin since I had spinal surgery in 07 just had spinal cord stimulator implanted in me in feb of 2010 lortab helps when the oxycontin starts to wear down about five hours.Sometime it gets to the point where nothing seems to work hoping to change to something stronger and no constipation any ideas.
I switched to Enskyce from Reclipsen for cost effectiveness, and felt different almost immediately. After a few weeks, I noticed that my emotions were considerably more inconsistent. Small things that wouldn 't normally bother me started to make me extremely upset, and although I realized that I shouldn 't have been upset at the time, I felt like I couldn 't pull myself out of being emotional. I didn 't pay any mind to it, because I thought some outside things could 've been stressing me out, but it got to the point where I 'd be having emotional breakdowns almost weekly, and about normally insignificant things. Periods were thicker and more painful. Effective as a contraceptive, but the side effects were a deal-breaker for me.
I 've been taking levothyroxine for about 30 days now and feel less lethargic and cranky. However, the pill causes my stomach to produce lots of acid in the morning, which makes waiting to eat breakfast an issue.  I have always had an iron stomach that can handle anything without getting upset, including medication when empty, so I 'm not excited about this new problem. I have also noticed that my energy level sometimes fluxuates significantly a couple times a day. Improvments still needed.
Some uncomfortable side effects like constipation. Other than that, the drug does an ok job with my Rheumatoid Arthritis pain.
Little to no heartburn after taking Nexium for 3 days now but high blood pressure, tingly cramps in my stomach that bring me to the verge of throwing up, light headache, difficulty sleeping, throats constrictive. Not sure if I can keep taking Nexium.
I have been on toujeo for almost a year. I have chronic health conditions and then got type 2 diabetes. The longer you have it the harder it is to control. I have noticed new things that haven 't gone away. One eye is blurry, sometimes both of them. I have convultions in my boby that drive me crazy. It 's not fun to have your body jumping around. I have also been having cold sweats, dizziness &amp; headache. I am going to go back to Lantus.It took me awhile to realize these symptoms were not normal to my other illnessess. But I am sure now.
I have chronic Hepatitis B I believe since I was born. Last several years, I have been very tired to the point I was depressed, my levels were high. My doctor recommended viread. I have been on it since last 2,5 months. I am not sure if it is doing anything or not but at least this winter I am not depressed and I have a normal life. The only thing is my legs and random body parts hurt. I am type of person would not care or realize if I am hurting or not but I am not sure if the medication is related or not. I will get checked soon.
I 've been on Beyaz going on 5 years now. Good thing about this birth control is: it does the job! No babies, no bad acne, super light periods here and there.. However, I 've been experiencing mood swings lately. I will cry and cry and cry till I can 't cry no more! I 'm so mean to people now..which is crazy because I 'm usually people person-ish most of the time. It makes me super hot at night and makes my chest feel heavier than usual. It 's cool for keeping weight down, acne, and no babies. I just think Beyaz has ran its course for my body.
I like the pill, my only problem is I do seem tired more and not in the mood to have sex at all which is bad as I 'm in a relationship. I also noticed I pee way to much now and wake up in the middle of the night to go pee 1-3 times since taking the pill. But my periods have been better and shorter , no cramps, and no pregnancy
This med works well for calming my head after a seizure(s). I have partial seizures. Started using it 2 years ago,  'as needed ' Recently I 'm attempting to discontinue any use of this medicine. My dosage is only 0.5 sublingual. The withdrawal symptoms are absolutely brutal. It 's a low dose. I 'm not sure if my sensitivity to medication and time taken affects the detox. I didn 't expect the nightmares, nausea, exhaustion, fuzzy head. I am glad this med helped when needed, but can say, I 'll never return to using it.
I am 20 years old and I just started the rivaroxiban 2 weeks, after they found a clot in my arm ! I 'm on 20mg twice a day for 3 weeks and then 15mg for 3 months. I find I am really tired all the time and I do get a good bit of sleep at night too ! I never usually got headaches before but now I find around a hour after taking the pill I get a headache ! Just wondering is this due to the pill or am I just overthinking it !
Insertion did not hurt and it was smooth and easy. I have a small scar and you can kind of see it in my arm. I love it because I don 't have to worry about pills or a loose object floating in my cervix etc. and its effective. I knew my periods would be unpredictable with spotting. I was on Depo for 2 yrs without a period or weight gain. On Implanon within a year I started paying attention to my periods and it varied from spotting a few days to a period every other week. My calendar was all over the pace. And to top the hated spotting the hormones made me have a bad smell the first day of my period/spotting. And I had terrible mood swings and emotions which I never had before around that time. I could feel myself crying or cursing my husband out for nothing.
This pill has worked for so many people so I thought I would give it a shot. I go to a dietician regularly for food allergies so my diet is already very healthy and effective. I took Alli not only for weight loss, but mostly because I had heard from friends it would help keep me regular. I will say if you cheat on your diet do not take Alli you will have oil movements instead of a normal bowel motion. However, even in my instance Alli caused me serious stomach issues. Although I did not have accidents I did have feelings that I was not going to make it to the restroom or extreme gas. This pill all depends on your body chemistry. Even with a good diet sometimes it will not work. However, I did start taking a veggie fiber after Alli and it has great benefits
I first had this shot in 1997, I had two but felt sick all the time, my periods did stop though. Came off it and went back on the pill, didn 't have a period for a year and a half. In 2000 I decided to give it another go, soon settled down and didn 't have any periods at all, stayed on it for 14 years. It was fabulous, no periods or spotting. But, I was suffering from depression which is a side effect of depo I decided to come off it. Started my first period after about 10 days and it lasted about a month and it stank. Had about a weeks break and then bleeding again, thick dark brown clots. In the end I gave up and went back on it, after 3 injections still having random spotting, lasting random amounts of time. Just hope it settles down again
Took Bactrim for 3 days. Cleared up the urinary tract infection but became very nauseous, weak, chills, sweats, no appetite and shaky. Still weak and somewhat nauseous after 3 days of not taking it. 
Increased urination and loss of bladder control.
I avoid taking Imitrex if I can because I experience so many side effects from it. I get jaw and shoulder pain/stiffness, pain in the back of my neck and scalp, headaches, drowsiness and I just generally feel weird and awful after taking it. After 2 hours or so, my migraine goes away and the awful-ness of the Imitrex lessens so that is why I do take it occasionally. Every time I take it, I 'm reminded of how badly I need to find something else.
This medicine did a number on my legs.  Had numbness, the legs felt like led, wobbly.  I had been a mail carrier and walked 10-11 miles and day, retired but continued to walk 4-5 miles a day besides being very active with DIY projects and part time job.  Took Lipitor earlier this year.  It got the numbers down, but I had 3 ER visits in one week and spent the night in the hospital because my legs were acting up and it scared me and my heart did weird things.  Lot of stress for me and my family.  We have good insurance, but this will still probably be around $2000.  I would not recommend Lipitor to anyone-there are other cholesterol meds out there.
Do not take this bad medication. It 's highly addictive. Hard to come off like Xanax. This is good sleeping pill. Yes it 's calm down at night if it takes on night but after waking up it 's giving hang over like you drunk 15 shots of vodka the night before
I started taking Levaquin about 12 hours ago.  My muscles are very weak, I%u2019m dizzy, restless, didn%u2019t sleep last night, and having a very hard time focusing.  I%u2019m sure this is a great drug if you need to go to these extremes, but it%u2019s a little much for me.  I%u2019m calling the Doctor to get off of it this morning.
This medication made me feel awful. I woke up everyday with a bad headache, experienced nausea, dizziness, and extreme tiredness throughout the week (everyday). I don 't think I can finish the full week as I need to resume my life. I wouldn 't take this again. However the infection seems to be gone so it worked for that.
I had this inserted February 2013 after my Implanon was due for removal (I didn 't have a period with Implanon for 3 years and was really pleased). The insertion was fine but within about 2-3 weeks I had my period for at least a month. It 's now Sept 2015 and I have my period for literally 3 weeks of the month every month, this can reach to 4 weeks now and again. If I have a 4 week period I won 't have another one for sometimes 1 week or 4 weeks and it 's the same on and on. This month has been dreadful, I have been depressed, stressed, crying, bleeding for 3 weeks now and I feel dizzy nearly every day. My period was ending and started again as it was ending. It 's absolute torture. So I 'm getting it out on Tuesday, can 't handle it anymore!
Hi everyone. I 'm 18 and have been suffering from moderate acne for about 3 years now.I started using Minomycin (minocycline) about 2 weeks ago, with this tropical lotion that is widely known to treat acne. In daytime I use BB cream and foundation to cover my flaws (not sure if that 's a wise choice). I have read the views that this is one of those medications that gets worse before it gets better. I have noticed that in the past two days I have started breaking out. I 'm not sure if it is the medication, the cream, my daily routine or just stress but my condition is getting worse. Seems like I need to give it a few more weeks to see how it goes.
Side effects....hoarseness. No appetite..fatigue...stomach upset.  Have been on metropolol which caused shortness of breath.  Still trying to find something without so many side effects.  
I have found that this medication has few side effects compared to the daily and nightly suffering I have endured since being diagnosed. My panic has decreased, my thoughts are within my control, I have much better sleep and dreams, and my appetite has increased. I had a very low appetite when I was experiencing panic attacks and flashbacks and enjoy that it has giving me an appetite. I make healthy food choices and am very active and have not experienced a lack of motivation or energy. I know it has a half life and feel the only addictive qualities I have experienced would be psychological. I am hoping once I learn my triggers and reprocess the traumatic events that I will be able to eventually manage without it, but for now it is a God send.
I had to switch to Norethindrone after year of Zovia due to concerns from my doctor over my high blood pressure and the risk of stroke. On norethindrone my skin completely broke out, I gained 10lbs and started growing some facial hair. I was moody as can be and experienced a painfully low sex drive (with equally painful intercourse). After speaking with my gyno and taking the Norethindrone for about 10 months, I am finally switching to Junel 1/20. The ONLY pro of the Norethindrone was that it was an extremely effective birth control. As a hypochondriac, I was fearful of getting pregnant from unprotected sex. Thankfully, the pill worked for me. Only it 's side effects were horrible.
It 's my fifth week on adapalene. My face has become more shiny and oily. Acne has not fully cleared up. I 'm also using dermadew acne soap. All the acne scars are still on my cheeks. It has become more noticable. I 'm not sure about continuing the treatment. I have heard that it will take about 8 to 12 weeks for any change. I 'm gonna keep using this. But I 'm not sure whether I 'm applying the right amount. My dermatologist told me to apply a very little on the affected areas..
I was diagnosed with PCOS about two years ago with my lack of energy, weight gain and irregular periods.  I started on 500mg/day, then slowly upped the dose to now taking 2000mg/day.I have been on 2000mg/day for over a month now and still feel awful side effects.  I am always nauseous, burping, indigestion, heartburn, diarrhrea, reduced sex drive (due to previously mentioned side effects), joint pain, loss of appetite, weakness...  the list goes on.  I am already low weight so feeling ill and not having an appetite is concerning.  Also my period has not become more regular and in fact has become worse.  When I was on just 500mg/day I felt fantastic so the doctor kept increasing the dose. I think I will go back down to a lower dose or stop
Hi all , I 've been giving sertraline 50mg and quetiapine 25mg for my anxiety . I 'm at a stage of my life now where this is eating me up . I 'm 31 and had these issues for about 5 years . They all started after my mum passed away , never suffered before her passing . Everyday I feel I 'm going to die of a heart attack , I keep getting these pains in my chest but all the doctors say it 's anxiety . The question is does anyone know what can help reduce my fears because this is effecting my relationship with my wife and my son ..... Many thanks to all who have taken time to read this
I have psoriasis and I did not have PSA but my doctor said it was time to start something else because creams and ointments were no longer working. I have good insurance and my doctor started me on Cosentyx samples to start, Novartis was sending me samples at no charge said they would work with my insurance to get it approved, no problem they said if your insurance doesn 't cover it you will be covered through us for 2 years. Go ahead and start they said, now that my insurance has declined it twice they want me to sign away all of my Federal Privacy Laws pertaining to my private health information or they will not send me anymore samples. I have 10 biologic shots in me at this time- how do you switch now?!
I was prescribed 10mg Flexeril after pulling an abdominal muscle which lead to spasms.  The Flexeril made the pain and spasms stop but gave me severe dry mouth and made me so dizzy I couldn 't get to sleep.
I was quite scared to use this product after reading all you lovely ladies reviews but I went ahead an tried it after hesitating for probably two hours, lol. I bought this early yesterday at my local Walmart for $4.96. I won 't be using the cream because I was told that 's what burns. An I 've experienced all the symptoms, everyone 's claimed to get using this product, already so I figured I 'd be up all night. But after using my first suppository almost 20 minutes ago I 've had only a very tiny amount of itching. No burning or pain. Will post later (If im still up) or tomorrow telling how I 'm feeling. Time for bed. OH &amp; ALSO.. I took two 500mg acetaminophen before hand to help fight any pain I 'd get &amp; brought three ice cubes to bed with me.
My experience with this medication has been awful. I 'm on my 10th day but I have missed 5 doses. This medication made me so sick I had to go to the emergency room. Severe headache, nausea, bloating, black stool and urine. You are suppose to eat with it but I couldn 't because of the bloating. Which in turn made me sick because I wasn 't eating. I have completely stopped taking the medication in the hopes that the H Pylori is gone.
I began taking Qsymia a couple of years ago with a brief hiatus in between. I started at 206 and got down to 158 with very little exercise but a change in eating habits. According to my friends I was eating very little w/maybe 1100 calories a day or less. I easily overlooked the side effects of tingling in the feet, dry mouth and irritability. The worst has been the memory problems, difficulty concentrating and lack of words. I couldn 't remember commonly used words like my brain just stopped working. This scared me enough to stop taking it. I 've been off now for over a year and still have these neurological problems after once having a near photogenic memory. I 've also gained all of my weight back and looking back would 've never started it.
When I first started taking this birth control, it was great. My periods stopped and I only had some spotting the first month or so. About two-three months in though, I felt like it made me lose my sex drive a lot and had no libido. On top of this, I noticed I had a lot of vaginal dryness - even before having sex - and this made doing anything sexual not that pleasurable. I also gained a few pounds after beginning the pill. I didn 't experience any change in my acne though, as it is a possible side effect of this particular birth control.
I 've had my nexplanon for over a year now, it 's very effective against not getting pregnant and that 's the best part only. I have 2 periods a month, one light one heavy. I randomly bleed as well as cramp horribly before I start. I 've had headaches, nausea, hives, nasal sinus issues, depression, mood swings, weight gain, loss of appetite, peeling skin on my face, dandruff, rash on my arm, constantly itching, loss of sex drive, tiredness and the list continues. 
I am almost done w/ my 1st pack, which is a new formulation that came out late last year. I did take FE microgestin 1/20 a few years ago &amp; stopped because that made me lose my libido, gain weight, and just feel dead inside. I decided to give it a shot again &amp; was given this as a generic alternative I like this better than microgestin, but I have been feeling extremely tired and unmotivated, experienced minor spotting during the 3rd week of hormone pills, and my vision becomes blurry from time to time. Not sure if the blurry vision is normal, but I hope that these symptoms subside after my body gets more used to it. Will leave another review in a few months.
It 's ok.  Take 5mg twice a day and although it helped with my anxiety and depression, it 's given me bad side effects like nausea and diarrhea. I 've had diarrhea for a week now and I 've been going about 3-4 times every day.  I don 't know if I 'll stay on it but I certainly can 't live in the bathroom either. I 'm out of options for anxiety medication. These side effects are awful especially if you have a very active job like I do &amp; work in a factory. It 's not fun.
I 've been taking this for 6-7 years now (started at 20mg then to 40mg now back at 20mg) and I think its time for a change for me. It 's stopped working for me in the past 1 year (my anxiety has come back). I also never liked the side effects, mainly: leg muscle spasms at night, easily electrically shocked, and drowsiness.
I was just diagnosed with BV and am now on my 2nd day of meds. Day 1 I felt nauseous and had some headaches, but neither were unbearable. This morning I feel almost as if I 'm getting a UTI because its a little uncomfortable to pee and I have the urge to go frequently. I 'm hoping this will go away once I 'm done with my dosages (2 pills/day). Pills taste a little funky, but like I said nothing unbearable. I may try the cream next time around!
Have been on Lybrel for 1 year now and get periods, breakthrough bleeding, spotting and cramps. I used to have a normal 28 day cycle and my period was 5 days, it was very regimented. Now I have periods randomly that last 7 to 10 days. I was hoping to stop my periods but this obviously does not work for me.
This pill is overall good. It made me have perfect skin, lighter and shorter periods etc. It also made my breasts grow two sizes and they would be very tender a lot of the time. But the bad outweighed the good. I was very moody, when I was PMSing people couldn 't be around me. It made me cry over everything. Also, I couldn 't drink! Even after one shot, or a glass of wine I would feel very nauseous and immediately throw up. I didn 't think it was the pill at first, I was on it for over a year, but then when I got off of the pill I was able to drink again normally and wouldn 't throw up at all...so I had an alcohol intolerance because of the pill.
I had gottten my skyla put in about a month ago, and i have yet to stop being in pain. The insertion was painful but I thought it would eventually ease up do to just getting it put in. Lets keep in mind i am 17 and I have never had a kid. But ever since I got the skyla I have been on a non stop period and been having cramps such as feeling like im being stabbed in the uterus and in the back by knifes it was completely aweful I have chosen to get it removed and I don 't recommend it.
This is a tough one. I 've been taking Savella for not quite a year. I have no known side effects, taking twice daily x 50mgs other than slight drying but I take other meds that also could be suspect. Here 's my report. It mainly helped take the stiffness, pins and needles out of my knuckles in my hands for months BUT know that is coming back. I think my body is getting used to it and its not working any longer, at least not as well. My Doc and I talked about going to 100 mgs but have not. I still have to take Vicoprofen for my Fibromyalgia. Nothing else takes the overall tiredness and pain away like that. Even though its not my miracle drug I like it enough to pay my $45 monthly script for it.
I was put on Abilify 4 years ago for depression along with Prozac. At first it really helped my mood. That only lasted several months, so the doctor raised my dose to 10 mg a day. I gained 30 lbs in 6 months. I am still on the medicine but decided last night to take it down to 5 mg a day and eventually to discontinue it all together. No matter what I do, eat healthy, exercise, etc., I cannot lose weight. It has to be the Abilify, I can 't think of any other reason. I probably only put 1200 calories a day into my body, if that. I should be losing. 
Have used off and on for three years for severe back pain/spasms as well as tendinitis of the elbow.  Diclofenac (75mg) is moderately effective at best, at least for me.  It 's about the same as a single Ibuprofen (Advil) which is to say not useful for serious pain.  Everyone 's different I guess.  Unfortunately my doctor refuses to prescribe anything else.
I did like this medications at first but had to stop after reaching my full dosage because I broke out in severe hives. It takes several weeks to build up to the max dose. On the 3rd week,  I began to have dry mouth. On the 4th week,  I started seeing hives on my body.  Nothing I took helped.  I ended up in the urgent care that afternoon and got a steroid shot along with a low dose steroid pills.  The hives came back the following day.  I dealt with it for another day then I was back in the urgent care.  My blood pressure was high because of my burning and irritated skin.  I got an epipen and stronger steroids. At this point,  I stopped taking it but was on 9 pills a day to get it under control.
I like Implanon because it only made me spot a couple of times and now my period hasn 't come again and I 've had it in since the beginning of August 2011. The one thing I do hate is the fact that I have never had acne in my life until now. I keep getting random little pimples all over my face. They come in bunches all over my face. It 's really depressing.
I have been on Generess for a little over a year now. I do remember my symptoms being kind of all over the place. Lasted for a good 6 months. My period was on schedule for a good 8 months with a light flow. Now its barely anything. I do have sex regularly and I hate that I 'm still nervous every month because I don 't see blood, but no pregnancies have occurred. I 'm wondering if I should switch, but reading other experiences, its kind of made me feel a little better.
I 've been using Requip since 2005 started with the progression dose. Now I take 16mg per day. Today saw my neurologist raised it at 20mg per day, because the effect starts to decrease before my next dose. Drowsiness and sleeping is one of the side effects I have.
I had my first round put in in 2010. The first 3 years were good. I hardly ever had a period and when I did it was real light. It was great until I realized I had put on 20lbs in the first 3 years, none of my habits changed I still was active and ate decent. When I went back in to have it renewed I didn 't have a period for 3 months then it came for 3 weeks with a vengeance as well as more weight gain and I can 't seem to lose it no matter what I do. So needless to say I 'll be having this one removed. But it does do it 's job I haven 't gotten pregnant.
I got Skyla inserted about two and a half months ago. The insertion process was intense the pain was a lot and I have a high pain tolerance. Once I got up I almost passed out and the doctor had me sit for a while. The cramping pain was immediate. That night I did not sleep the cramps were so bad I was crying and contemplating having my boyfriend take me to the hospital. The cramps stayed around for about another 7 day with them decreasing around the 4th day. I was bleeding for about two weeks then it stopped a couple days and started back. I never know if it is my period or just my random bleeding.. I am trying to stick with it but I think I will have it removed soon.
I 've been taking Cymbalta for depression for two and a half years. My doctor titrated me up to 120mg. I was at 120mg for over two and a half years and almost constantly I was severely depressed, severe anxiety, some paranoia, no energy, over reaction, self harm, extreme anger, just to name a few. That 's not to say I do have some of those problems normally, but not as severe or as constant. So Cymbalta was overlooked as a cause to my worsening issues. Two weeks ago I was admitted into an inpatient hospital to basically save my life. While I was in there I was abruptly taken off, then titrated up to 60mg. I 'm a totally different person now. I did a complete 180&deg;. I can 't believe what a difference it makes being on the right dose.
I just had Mirena &quot;installed&quot; 3 days ago. I am 27 and have never had a child. I decided to go with Mirena, not actually even for birth control purposes, but instead due to my extremely painful periods. I have been experiencing absolutely awful cramps. I chose Mirena because I am hopeful that it is going to ease my discomfort and make my periods more bearable.A friend of mine had Mirena put in 2 years ago, when we were both 25. She absolutely loved it and recommended it to me. After she told me that she basically felt like she was a &quot;guy&quot; because she didn 't even think about her period since it didn 't effect her anymore and she basically didn 't get her period anymore or any bleeding. I thought this sounded ideal so I decided to go for it.
Tingling, itching and numbness of my hands.  Sleeplessness leading to insomnia.  Higher glucose numbers no matter the diet nearing diabetes.
I started taking Effexor to counteract the hot flashes caused by Tamoxifen.  This was truly a miracle cure for the hot flashes.  Literally,  I took the first dose of Effexor and the hot flashes were completely gone within an hour.  I continued taking the medication for 4 days with not a single hot flash.  It was amazing! BUT I had to stop taking it because I slept about 10 hours in 4 days.  I constantly felt nervous,  anxious and unable to relax.  Sleeping was almost impossible.  Sadly I chose the hot flashes over insomnia.  Very disappointed 
Been on Diovan for 9 years. Started with ringing in my ears and now hearing loss - had to get hearing aids. Also, in the last year had increases in Blood Pressure, followed by controlled  'normal ' pressure readings. My blood sugar now is classified as Type II, so several of the problems with this medicine are my problems.  Am going to ask my doctor to change.  If you get ringing in your ears when taking this, don 't delay, get off it!
My doctor has increased the dose several times but I still do not feel that it has made me feel totally better.
The reason this shot is such an effective form a birth control is because it keeps you from sex. THAT 'S RIGHT! The bleeding is so on and off that it 's kept me completely abstinent! At first I thought this shot was the bomb, but seriously? I keep telling myself my body will adjust but I feel like I 'm constantly on my period. It 's messed up
Much better with the SR but it still needed to be coupled with another med
I would hide at home for months, shaking when a telephone rang. I couldn 't let people go and had obsessive thoughts. Abilify gave me calm, confidence and hope. It made me less sensitive to light and time, I was no longer at the mercy of each passing moment. I woke up relaxed, went to bed without a noise in my head, inner voices stopped criticizing me, thoughts didn 't race. I was creative but focused, and began wonderful new projects. Had NO side effects- NO weight gain.  'Worked magic that first day. But after a month it seemed to do nothing but make me sad. Evidently that was a manic phase. It blocks my mania, but not my depressive switch. Feels like I 've traded manic depression for unipolar depression. I am being switched to lithium.
Very expensive 700dls
I am taking Prednisone for Fibromyalgia (20mg twice a week) together with 60mg of Cymbalta (once a day) and have been 98% pain free for nearly a year.
Been on Zoloft for about 3 weeks. Gradually upped dosage. Feel better, just can 't ejaculate. Hopefully this will change as my body adapts to the drug.
I had Mirena for a year. Insertion was a small pinch and not bad at all. I spotted the whole time I had it in, experienced more headaches, lower back aches and cramping. The spotting wasn 't really a lot but I always had to wear a liner. My sex drive was low and I would get panic attacks and have horrible mood swings. I also gained like 15 lbs.  I had it taken out today so I am hoping I feel better. My husband is happy I am getting it out, he said I just wasn 't the same with it.
Worked beautifully in reducing my BP from 190/104 down to normotensive readings of 120/72. However, as with the other meds that were tried, I had intolerable side effects like GERD, abdominal bloating and malaise. My internal med PA-C changed me to Losartan (since the ARB class of drug relieved my hypertension) but this time without the HCT diuretic, and the results have been wonderful. Same BP effect without the high cost (luckily we trialed the Benicar HCT with professional free samples!), side effects, or need to excessively hydrate to balance the diuretic.
Day 8 of taking this for just another sinus infection. Have had horrible, HORRIBLE side effects. My body felt extremely strange, tingly almost. Nausea has been so bad I had to take a pregnancy test to eliminate that possibility. I did vomit today for the first time in years after a whiff of cleaning products. The infection has improved but if you have a sensitive stomach - I don 't advise. I did notice improvement (on nausea) on days I consistently chugged water (emphasis on chugged) and took the dose while eating.
I tried Savella on the regular sample pack, which apparently progressed much too quickly for my body. I had horrible sweating, mental fog and freezing hands and feet. It was the oddest combination of side effects that rendered me completely nonfunctional. I tapered off the drug because of the terrible side effects, but when I went to see my doctor, he suggested I try again -- but much more slowly. I dread the side effects, but would like something that will make me feel normal eventually.
Once you find a good site it is relatively painless. Almost no severe reactions yet. I can 't handle  IVIG very well so this is it for me.
I 'm going on my second year of this implant and it had been great up until now. I 've gained weight but I know that with all birth control that weight gain is expected. The problem I 'm facing now is I have been spotting for about a month now and it hasn 't been red-it 's been a brown, rust color (sorry to go into details, but maybe I 'm not the only one). I have had this problem since I 've had the implant put in. It 's a great method of birth control but the side effects are annoying!
I started Saxenda on March 24, 2017 after years of failed diet attempts. I was hopefuly when my doctor prescribed this medication. Initially, I felt fatigued and queasy but it was managable. After increasing to 1.2 mg I broke out in a itchy rash on my stomach (injection sites), and have uncontrollable diarrhea. If the diarrhea doesn 't improve I 'm not sure how I will continue to take the medication. On the plus side, I have lost about 6 lbs in almost 3 weeks. Has anyone else experienced the diarrhea and if so, does it improve? I might decrease the dosage to 0.6 as I seemed to be fine on that amount.
I prefer the initial pain of application than the pain in my spine, hip, and legs. Be careful going out in the sun, even the day after application some residual effects will be felt. Wear latex or plastic gloves when applying and wash your hands after applying. If you touch a part of your body that has capzasin on it, be sure to rewash your hands and DO NOT touch your eyes without washing your hands!
I suffer from chronic intractable migraines and fibromyalgia, and have a recent history of strokes.  I 'm a long term pain management patient and my normal pain meds are OxyContin 15mg twice a day, with Oxy IR 15mg every four hours. Three weeks ago, I tripped in a parking lot and fractured  my shoulder. Because of my normal meds, my orthopedist put me on 4mg Dilaudid (tablets) every 4 hours (in place of the Oxy IR) because of the extreme pain of the fracture.  I have to say that I was surprised that it did not work at all. It did, however, make me violently ill with near constant vomiting and diarrhea. I have had dilaudid via IV many times, and never experienced these symptoms, and they resolved as soon as I stopped the oral dilaudid tablet.
My experience with Ella was a little intense. The night I took it my whole body ached, along with massive back and forth headaches with dizzyness and extremely tiredness and tummy aches. The next day my stomach and head hurt all day. And I was still extremely tired. These affects may not sound the greatest but it sure can be worth It. I started me period a week later.
Going to have to decrease dosage (50mg 2x daily) or quit Lyrica due to loss of memory &amp; confusion &amp; jerking. Once could top out any IQ tests but my husband says I can 't even find my &quot;behind&quot; anymore. Taking it for neuropathy &amp; came home from complete knee surgery with foot drop in leg operated on. Now the other foot has dropped half way so I am all but an invalid. No more going outside for me to enjoy our horses on our farm. The dry mouth I got with Lyrica also frightens me as afraid I will lose my teeth as others have. Lyrica also causes severe sleepiness. I guess it MIGHT have stopped the shooting pains in my feet at night?
I am a 37yr woman diagnosed with ADHD. 1st try with Ritalin made me feel overwhelmed, sad, uncontrollable spurts of crying for no reason, tired. Dr. switched me to Straterra. It 's only my fist week, but had to share. Ok, 1st the &quot;bad&quot;: mild headache, SUPER DRY mouth, hot and sweaty, weird tingly sensation that comes in waves. Feels like my hair on my arms and head is crawling and tingly and cool for a few seconds and goes away. Clenching my jaw. No noticable improvement with racing thoughts or concentration as of yet. Now the &quot;good&quot;: This pill should be called &quot;Lady Viagra&quot;, lol! That cool, tingly, hair crawling sensation is AMAZING when being intimate. Everything is more intense and indescribably WONDERFUL...and I have been married 10yrs!
I had extreme swelling at injection site, muscle , joint , nerve pain continuing and still there four months after injection. Very limited use and movement of the arm where injection was done. Inflammation caused plaque in arteries to break loose and clog arteries resulting in two stints having to be placed in heart. I still have pain in neck and shoulder muscles......
I got the depo shot 3 months after having my daughter in 2012. I wanted to make sure I didn 't get pregnant again. No periods at all, and no side effects, other than always wanting chicken. I only got the shot that one time though because I moved and didn 't have the insurance coverage anymore to get the shot. I recently decided to get the shot again when I got a new boyfriend. It was horrible. I had constant headaches and more pregnancy symptoms than I had when I was actually pregnant. I also bled for 2 weeks at a time I decided I would give it another try after talking to my doctor and reading online that most people have issues the first one. my issues are still the same with the bleeding. I hate it.
I thought the NuvaRing was great that is, until I started noticing that NuvaRing likes to slip down to the vaginal opening and irritates my urethral opening. This happens constantly. I have also noticed that I am extremely bloated. I have tried everything to make the bloatedness go away. Doctor said it was water gain, but when does water gain ever go away? No acne, (not a huge sufferer of acne normally), no painful cramps (yet) I got on the NuvaRing immediately after getting off the Depo Provera. Maybe the withdrawal symptoms of the Depo Provera are coinciding with the new symptoms of the ring? I am considering not being on the ring. 
I 've used this product maybe twice before today and those times were fantastic. Easy insertion with a great result. This time I have been feeling a ridiculous itching and burning sensation inside, and it is so unpleasant. I literally laid on my tub floor trying to ease the sensation which only helped for a bit and now I am trying to sleep in discomfort. Not sure I will try this product again because of this experience.
I have been on this pill for 9 months. I was put on it to stop the growth of ovarian cysts. I take no other medicines. I eat well and exercise regularly. Only in the past 3 months have I experienced headaches, a bit more moodiness and SUPER TENDER breasts, which have grown a cup size so I don 't really mind. I could do without the tenderness though. As far as weight gain, I always am up and down 5 lbs a month. I was actually kind of hoping that this particular pill would keep me on the lower side but I guess not. Also after reading others reviews I am now thinking that perhaps I have more upset tummy issues due to the pill.
My gyno reccommended this, and this was my first time taking BC pills. I got my period twice in the first month I tried it. My cramps were still pretty severe and I kept getting like brown liquid after my period would finish. After two months, I 'm going to switch to another brand because of the pain with my cramps, this brown liquid, and it was a little expensive. I didn 't want to give it below 5 stars because I didn 't try it for a long enough time for it to adjust. However, I didn 't see an increase in weight gain and my boobs grew a tiny bit .
I 've been on Sprintec for about 2 months, I recently noticed weight gain and really bad mood swings. I cry for no reason, so I decided to check online, turns out a lot of people taking Sprintec had similar problems, which is a relief because I thought I had depression for a bit. But my breast got bigger, that 's good I guess. My period is shorter and lighter, no acne either. So overall it 's okay. I just hope I stop being so emotional soon.
I 'm 29 years old and was diagnosed with ADD when I was about 11 years old. Since that time I 've been on and off a variety of medications from Ritalin, Adderall, and most recently Vyvanse which I 've been on for a year and am currently taking 70mg a day. It helps with my alertness and attentiveness, but I have some of the side effects like extremely dry mouth and little if any appetite. I am currently working during the day and take graduate classes at night and notice that the medication does not last the entire 12 hours, I 've been taking it later in the day so that I 'm able to concentrate in class. Since I began taking the medication I have seen an increase in acne, previously I had minor occasional breakouts.
I had the Kyleena for two months before I had it removed. Every body reacts differently to different forms of birth control, and this one is not for me. My body is very sensitive to hormones, including to those in IUD 's which are less systemic than in oral contraceptives. What I liked about the Kyleena: insertion only felt like a bad cramp, my periods were lighter &amp; cramp-free, no weight gain (actually experienced weight loss from my own effort to prep for spring break), my well-endowed partner did not feel the strings, and I did not get pregnant. Why I had it removed: depression, anxiety, mood swings, insomnia, heart palpitations, and lack of motivation. A week post-removal, I finally feel like my normal self again. No more hormones for me
I recently got horrible cystic acne on my back out of nowhere so I went to a dermatologist and was prescribed Solodyn along with Evoclin Foam cleansing cloths. After about 2 weeks of taking Solodyn I experienced extreme stomach pain and frequent trips to the bathroom. I lost about 8 lbs. After a couple more weeks the stomach pain went away and my back cleared up completely by the end of the pills. However, after stopping it, my face started to break out with little bumps on my forehead and my face was perfect beforehand. I dont know if this is due to stopping Solodyn.
30 year old male healthy no problems. Diagnosed a few weeks ago with a prostate infection and the doctor prescribed 10 day course of Cipro. I had noticeable improvement of symptoms in just a few hours. Cipro is an extremely potent antibiotic but you 're about to find out the reason I only gave this med a 5. Cipro is also EXTREMELY dangerous to some people. And you won 't know until you take it if it 's YOU this med will destroy. Prescribed 500mg cipro 2x daily. After taking second pill my heart started skipping beats and every joint in my body started making &quot;popping&quot; noises. Immediately stopped medication but it was to late. I couldn 't walk for 2 weeks. I also went through months of hell. Perephrial neuropathy,  anxiety attacks, tremors.
So far no muscle pain with this medication. Very expensive over $100 for 1 month supply, and no generic.
I had every neurological side effect possible leading to a trip to the ER. I took it for ten days. It took at least two weeks to get completely out of my system and I was back to a normal self. For pain it worked great.
Have had the shot three times now after switching from the pill to the depo due to cysts and this was supposed to help stop them. I 've had no pregenancy scares but severe bleeding for four months now and black blood, weight gain like crazy and breast pain everyday, it works well for birth control but the side effects are not worth it
I was prescribed Bactrim for a UTI. Everything was going well on day 1-2, on day 3, mid day, I began with chest tightness, noticed difference in my breathing. Felt as though the end of my lungs/rib area was extremely sore. It sent me to the ER as I was uncertain what could be causing it. CT scans, tests, and 3,000 out of pocket later, no results showed. Which I 'm thankful! they eventually chalked it up to the medication. I immediately stopped it and went back to normal after a few days. Weird stuff! I gave it 5 out of 10 because although it was only three days, the bactrim cleared up whatever it was! Potent stuff
I just finished my first pack and didn 't have a pleasant experience on this pill. My period typically comes around every 3 months and lasts for about 5 days, but I bled the entire time I was on this medication. I also never typically have cramps, but boy did I have cramps. I also didn 't have a problem with acne until I started this pill.
I was switched from Azurette to Viorele by my pharmacy. Took Viorele for almost 3 months because I got 3 packs at a time. It gave me frequent headaches that I didn 't experience on the azurette even though they are supposed to be the same. The biggest issue is I thought I had a UTI because it made me have to pee ALL the time. I had no other changes in my life except the pill so after going to the doctor and getting checked for UTI and it being negative I have switched back. My boobs were always sore but it made them look bigger so I didn 't mind too much. If you have already big boobs though this might be a problem. Skin looks great on both pills. Period is light but cramps can be horrible sometimes.
I have only been on it for 3 days now after being on Atripla for 7 months, I was switched because I also have Hep C and the treatment for that does not coincide with Atripla; These first few days have been kinda tough and go with stomach pain and nausea, I 'm putting up with it, my body getting used to the switch of meds and hope in a couple days those feelings go away. No problems with sleeping or anything else.  The cost is high but with copay card and insurance there is no out of pocket expense.
I was on the shot for 2yrs straight about 3yrs ago. I absolutely loved it and I would have recommended it any of my girlfriends. I didn 't have one period and no cramping for 2yrs! Loved it!  Not even 2 weeks after missing my last shot I became pregnant. My daughter was born in 2013, and about 2months ago I started the shot again. Worst decision of my life! I have not stopped spotting! Every damn day for almost 2 months and I 'm starting to get really crampy and I 've have terrible migraines. I 've been having mood swings and I 've never experienced  anxiety so bad in my life. I would seriously consider looking into the side effects and reading up on the shot before you get it.
Wow. It is so nice to know that others are not seeing any difference with Contrave. I went through the headaches and dizziness but no weight loss or appetite decrease.I am in the middle of week four. Hope it to see a difference soon. I 'm happy for those who are seeing the weight loss. I 'm not going to give up but this is week 5.
My gyn put me on Aviane... So I was taking that for only a month, and for my second month I had switched to a different pharmacy location and they didn 't have Aviane but instead they gave me Falmina stating it generic for Aviane.  My first month on it, I experienced no side effects which kinda scared me cause I thought it wasn 't working. But now I 'm in my second month and I thought I continued to be side effect free until I 've become crazy depressed, angry, irrational, anxiety, and I blamed it all on the fact that it is the end of my semester so I have a ton of finals and stuff to worry about. But as I was just taking my BC I decided to check the reviews just because... and almost everyone is experiencing these same side effects.
Periods went away completely, Gained 15 lbs, nausea often, but did prevent pregnancy.
Feeling hyperactive like I can 't walk fast enough, having to wait on a thought to process, always wanting sweet, salt and crunchy food.  Med after 7p keeps me awake at least 4 hr although I feel tired. Only been on for 1 month for new sarcoidosis   Breathing much better!  Chest tightness better! Energy level better !
Wife used the patch, 2 or 3 of them, for an 8 day cruise. She had no sea sickness, but had bad withdrawals. 24 hrs after removing the patch she has nausea, vomiting, dizziness and blurred vision, absolutely miserable for her, and me too. 
Tried Ortho Tri Cyclene, I was so mentally and physically sick I had to stop on the 12th pill.  Have been on Lutera now for 4 1/2 months.  I 've been in a chronic depression/anxiety for the past 2 months. The first 2 months were great.  I 'm also on other meds so I 'm not sure if this is the cause.  Also have lost a lot of hair :(
This medication is interfering with my sleep.
My first 6 months on NuvaRing were wonderful - my doc was using it to treat my symptoms of endometriosis (vomiting, intense cramping, etc). Slowly, over time I noticed my mood (which is normally rock solid) change and I started losing all interest in sex. I thought maybe I just needed more time to adjust to it and now, a year and a half later, I have absolutely no sex drive, am exhausted, and cry/am anxious for no reason. I am switching to something with an even lower dose, hoping to lose some of these side effects. I am generally sensitive to medication so this may be why I had such a bad experience. I just wanted to share my experience since I didn 't get side effects right off the bat - it can take a while for these side effects to emerge.
I have been taking Metoprolol 25mg once a day for 13 days. It has lowered my heart rate by about 30 beats a minute but I am always tired, get chest pain, headache and numbness. Little to no benefit in lowering my blood pressure (140/95 's).
Suprep Bowl Prep Kit was the vilest tasting thing I 've encountered in 76 years.  If you plan to use this preparation for a colonoscopy, find a way to mask the taste.  The Suprep left me with a very upset stomach nearly 24 hours after ingesting the first of the two bottles.  At times, while drinking the preparation I experienced some nausea.  It did do the job of cleaning the colon, but it took a very long time to do it.  The drug may work wonders for others, but I won 't touch it again.
Saxenda has been approved by a hospital doctor. I am experiencing now a constipation or straining in passing my stool which I notice it is increased when I start using  3.0Mg doses in week 5 which was normal before using Saxenda. I notice blood after passing my stool and it was painful. If I notice again I will finish my last pen and I will stop using it and I will monitor my self and see my doctor once I get back from my trip. *It has really cut the appetite, I am not like before in terms of eating, I eat much less now. I feel full quickly, Dry mouth, side lower Pain  sometimes.Losing 4 KG only. I used Saxenda to have shortcuts. I take the injection in the morning.
I have been on this pill for about 9 months. I am 29 and newly married. I thought I 'd check and see if any others had sleeplessness and restlessness. Not sure if it is this pill or the big life change. Also I don 't think I am depressed just super emotional. I can cry at the drop of a hat.. Seriously. My hubby doesn 't notice that change but I do. Not sure how linked the sleeplessness and emotional tears are.
It really does help. I have been on it for 20 years and have tried other medicines but they never worked and I just always go back to Prozac.
I have been taking prozac,going on week 2 now. The symptoms are almost unbearable.  My stomach gets upset,can barely eat. I can 't even sleep at all. It 's like I am tired...but I can 't sleep. And I feel tired all day. The one thing I can 't stand...is the light headed feeling,and I am shaky all the time. It gets bad.....I 'm about ready to throw this medication in the trash. The symptoms are almost as bad as my anxiety attacks. In fact...it makes it worse.
I am on my 9th day of Chantix which is up to the 1 mg pills twice a day now. The first week taking Chantix I smoked 3 cigarettes to &quot;finish off the pack&quot;, and hated every single puff. I actually ended up putting the cigarettes out after 2-3 puffs. The smell was disgusting, and the taste was awful. I still have cravings to smoke, but know that it won 't do me any good to buy another pack. Waste of money because I won 't smoke them. However,the side effects are EXTREMELY intense for me. I have had EXTREME ANGER outbursts, and very severe depression. My stomach hurts after taking the pill, and I just want to roll up in a ball. I think I could quit taking the pill now and be smoke free to lessen the psychotic episodes, but I 'm really not sure.
I had a bad weekend and couldn 't control my emotions when on Librium alone. But with Geodon, a medication I 've been experiencing serious side effects with, I am a lot calmer. So basically, it works but with something extra.
Helped mildly shortly
I was worried gabapentin would make me a zombie but to my surprise, it didn 't. My pain management Dr gave me this for nerve pain in my face and fibromyalgia. It seems to help. I have been taking a very low dose of hydrocodone 2.5 to 5 mg as needed to take the edge off pain for several years.  I don 't like hydrocodone or the feeling it gives me. I don 't like the sleepy groggy feeling. If I feel like that, I am over medicated. But a little bit helps the pain...maybe I am an oddball but I only take the opioid when I am in real pain. I also take 300 Wellbutrin XL daily which works okay. Nothing has really worked  on my depression but at least I am doing okay. So I 'll see how the gabapentin does. If it causes weight gain, I 'll quit it
So I had a horrible experience, but it was because I was not given anything to soften my cervix the night before. Also I did not take any ibuprofen, but I was really uninformed about the procedure. I was 18 and never had a baby, so when she clamped my cervix it felt like a horrible cramp and a sharp pain. It wasn 't too bad and definitely tolerable; however, my gyn could not get the Mirena into my cervix. So the clamping pain never stopped, for about 5 min she tried and I was becoming faint from the pain. We stopped, but since I know what the pain was like and how it should 've only been 30 seconds of it. I am going back a year later next week, to get the Kyleena. Which is a smaller IUD, and I also will be getting something to soften cervix.
I just started this medication. I took one ( 10 mg) this morning. I found myself more focused on my hunger. I just took the second pill for the day. I am hoping this medications works with building a blood level. I have not experienced any side effects.
I 'm getting 1-3 inch welts at the injection sites that are very itchy and uncomfortable. Dr says men more often have trouble with arms and legs due to more muscle than women. No other side effects.
my 8 year old DAUGHTER is on ritalin at the moment we find she is getting migrane headaches, she hast lost 3kgs due to lack of appetite and she is very emotonal coming off it and she doesnt sleep much. On the other side of things she has shown a large improvement at school with her concerntration going from the bottom of the class to the top of the class in just 3 months
I 've been on Invokana  for year in a half. At first I did lose weight as I 've done with other diabetic medications. That lasted maybe a month and than stopped. I didn 't see a significant drop in my A1C and have frequent yeast infection. If I can 't get to the pharmacy to pick it up and am without it for a couple of days I get relief from the yeast infection. I 'm to the point where I am tired of dealing with having the and will most likely ask my doctor to take me off of it.
First time I used valtrex, I thaught I was done or almost done with cold sores, it healed up so fast I was really glad something was finally helping me for real. Abreva and all the other stuff don 't really work, I 'd even say abreva makes it worst. But in the last 5 months I had 2 cold sores unfortunatley, both time I took valtrex as soon as I felt a little tickling. No matter what, both time I woke up with a full blister and bigger. So people saying it stops it right in its track are wrong. But it does help for the healing time. In 5 days its gone. Still better then the 7-9 days i used to go through before. Can 't wait till they find a real  ' 'cure ' ' or at least something that kills the virus for real as soon as you take it.
I have severe, constant pain following 4 serious car accidents (none my fault) over 14 years. I was taking Oxycontin 10 mg x5 per day and my Dr. recommend I try Nucynta. I don 't know why. It was more expensive and not available in a generic form.After three days I felt it was less effective in controlling my pain.  On the fourth day I woke up and felt I had nothing to live for and my life had no meaning. I have depression and PTSD caused by the accidents but these conditions  are well controlled by other medications. I normally don 't have these thoughts.  I beleived this was a side effect of the Nucynta so I immediately stopped taking it and those thoughts went away right after.
I had mine put in on Sept 25. I was just coming off the depo shot and starting to spot. I had the implant put in and afterwards the area was extremely painful for about a week. I am more fair skinned and so they told me I would bruise more. As soon as the lydocain was administered i had already developed a small bruise. By that evening my arm looked like it had been hit with a softball. Since then the needle insertion point has continued to be very sensitive. It seems like my body is trying to possibly reject the implant and is push one end of it out and the skin is raised there. Here it is 6 weeks later this Friday and i 'm still spotting and now slightly starting to cramp. Giving more time...
On 2 mg. It made me feel empty inside. Like things didn 't bring excitement, adrenaline. Everything seemed blank. Had major sweet cravings for the first month or two but it leveled off. The most sweet cravings were at 5 mg a day. Really brought reality into full focus. Got it a pharmacy that use a different supplier that 's cheaper.
It 's only been a month and its been horrible for me. I 've tried another birth control that was also very low dosage and never had any problem or side effects. With Lutera its been so different. I started spotting on the second week of starting the pill and it lasted till it was time to get my period. I 've had mood swings and really bad depression and emotional. It 's not normal for me because I haven 't felt like this before. I also get really hungry at 2, 3,4 am. Those are my major issues with this pill. I 'm going to give it one more month and if things don 't change I 'm going back to the birth control I was taking.
I had been diagnosed with pseudotumor cerebri when I was 10 years old. That was 16 years ago and have been taking DIAMOX on an off for that long.  I get very bothersome tingling that doesn 't go away, often waking at night with extremely painful tingling in my feet that causes me to have to get up. I get crippling headaches, that hurts when I even breathe, and the last time I was on the medication, the headaches got worse while I was taking it. I am currently back on the medicine and have to go to the bathroom every 10 minutes. I take 1000 mg a day and can no longer drink pop. Anyway, I have good and bad experience with the Diamox but the benefits to my eyes well outway  the inconvenience.
Doxycycline worked very well- and very quickly for me. I noticed results within a week and after using it for a few weeks- my skin was completely cleared up! Good deal, right? Not quite! I continued to take this medication for over a year. Suddenly I began to have a HACKING COUGH immediately followed by vomiting. (Coughing so hard I would vomit.) I couldn 't figure it out. I began to get very sick. Couldn 't eat and then couldn 't even function on a daily basis. I became so sick, in fact, that I was hospitalized. I was taken off the medication and voila!- the &quot;draining&quot; in my throat subsided, the cough stopped, the vomiting stopped. So BE CAUTIOUS!
While the bone test indicated a slight improvement, I don 't feel it is worth it.  The first time I had the Prolia shot, I had no reaction.  After the second shot, my hair began to fall out in bunches.  It has continued to fall out and it looks as though I will have to wear a wig.  Has anyone else had this problem and does it go away after the drug wears off?  I will never take another dose of Prolia and would not recommend it after reading all the negative posts on this site.  It would seem that my problem is small compared to others.
I was up to a very high dose of Neurontin in hopes of it helping my horrid migraines, but nope.  All it did was cause some major word finding problems.  My neurologist finally switched me to Topamax.  My mother loves Neurontin for her hot flashes though. I didn 't have any other side effects other than the strange word finding issues.
I am a healthy 45 years old and I have about 25 pounds to lose and I started Contrave a week ago.  I usually don 't react to drugs with side effects but with this one I have had pretty much all of them.  Pretty bad nausea and headache the whole time and dry mouth but I am sleeping well, with just 1 pill in the morning.  The worst thing is about 2-3 hours after taking the pill I get very spacey, tingly all over my body, dizzy and can 't concentrate.  I have not weighed myself yet but I feel it is working so I 'm going to try and push through another week with the dose of 2x per day.  Though it is very hard working full time...hope it gets better like some of you suggest below!
I am 23 years old, I was diagnosed with RA at age 21.  My pain, swelling &amp; fatigue was so severe, I could barely walk and had to be in a wheelchair during my hospital stay.  My Rheum. started me on MTX immediately along with prednisone.  At one point I was also taking Enbrel (biologic), but the auto injections were so painful, it outweighed the benefit of the drug and I stopped taking it.  I am now only taking prednisone during flare ups and take 25 mgs of MTX every week.  The RA already makes me so tired, the added side effects of MTX are next to unbearable.  The day after I take the drug, I am so fatigued, I can barely pick my head up.  The nausea and vomitting is awful.  It is: Would you rather not be able to walk? Or walk and be sick?
The physician 's diagnosis was bronchitis and her instruction was &quot;Two tablets daily while eating for 10 days&quot; Biaxin XL 500 MG TAB&quot;. The pharmacist told me, after calling the physician, that I was to take two tablets together each day during a meal. She emphasized that they were not to be taken twice daily, but two tabs together once daily. I have done so for the past seven days. My cough symptoms have mostly disappeared. No fever ever. Adverse effects are:1. Extreme bitter taste in mouth 24 hours a day.2. I have sex every 3-4 days. Since starting BIAXIN, I cannot achieve orgasm. 3. Diarrhea days 2-44. My wife says I feel hot all the time, and yet I do not seem hot to myself.
I have been taking the medicine for 10 days. I 'm now up to 2 pills a day one in am and 1 pm.  I don 't see much difference yet.  The only good thing is that I 'm not drinking cocktails so it saves calories. I hope the next 2 weeks get better with full dose
I tried the NuvaRing as a sample. Within two weeks I had very bad mood swings, I was anxious and paranoid all the time. I got very naseous and had bad headaches. It put me out of commission for a whole day because I felt so sick. I took it out that day and within hours I felt like I was back to myself. Of course there were still hormones in my system but the nausea and the severe headaches went away almost instantly. As far as the convenience, it was awesome to not have to remember to take a pill. I didn 't feel it at all. If I didn 't mind feeling like a lunatic all day I would have definitely kept using it.
Two hours after the first dose, I had a pounding headache, severe nausea, dizziness/vertigo, a horrible, metallic taste in my mouth. Four hours later the taste has subsided. But headache is still a problem. If I move too quickly, the nausea returns.On the plus side, the pain from the sinus infection is now tolerable (before it was excruciating). My sense of smell and taste has started to return. And I can breathe again, though this could be due to 2 other medications I was also prescribed (Otrivin and Acetylcystein Hexal). The last time I took antibiotics, I came down with an awful case of esophageal thrush, more painful that even a sinus infection, which took 1 1/2 months to resolve. So I am waiting to see what will happen.
I have been on Furosemide for about 6 weeks now.  I was told I would be racing to the bathroom all the time - not!  Probably because I am also on a medicine for &quot;leaking&quot; - Oxybutynin 5 mg one twice daily.  I do not get up at night time, do not go much during the day - about every 4 hours; have gained 12 pounds in a month and my diabetes is no longer under control.
Patient has had diarrhea at times since beginning this medicine nearly a year ago.
I am taking Benicar HCT 40/25 I have NO sex drive and really bad leg cramps if I stretch, I immediately get a Charlie horse.
37 year old male, diagnosed worth osteoporosis and osteopenia. Had a long spinal fusion 3 months ago, and have been taking forteo for about 4-5 months now. For the last month and a half, I 've just felt all around crappy. Mental fog, chest tightness, shortness of breath, dull headache almost constantly, throat feels like it 's swelling shut, feels like a rock in my throat, speaking out loud is becoming labored... I am taking pain meds due to the surgery and wasn 't sure if those were the cause of this. After reading the other reviews, it 's pointing more towards the forteo. Very interesting. I 'll be seeing my doc next week, and I also sent a message to the bone doc that prescribed the forteo. I 'll update this post when this is resolved..
I was given 25mg to take night time. I found myself waiting hours before it kicks in. Everyone said the next day how well I looked however my brain was a bit fuzzy the following day. I shall use this drug to create a sleep routine and then only use it sparingly for emergencies of sleeplessness. I found myself sleeping through the night for the first time in years.
I have been on some form of metoprolol for seven years. It was actually my first prescribed medication at 28. I never even thought about side effects as being the problems I was experiencing; thought there was always something else that the Doctor 's was overlooking. Now that I have read these comments, I suffer from most of the common ones; tiredness, weakness, trouble losing weight, strange dreams, increased sweating, difficulty breathing, etc. Have had numerous tests off and on for the last two years, and nothing is ever found. I have also since then started taking clonidine and amlodipine. Some of these symptoms are probably drug interactions. I noticed a chaotic heartbeat when clonidine was added to the medicines. It has gotten worse for the past two years.
Been on Seasonale for 5 weeks. Results are varied, have had slightly nauseous the first two weeks. Now gave been spotting the last two weeks
I was told by my provider this was a great option since I 'm horrible with taking pills, I wanted to lose weight, and I didn 't want a period, so I got it. I 've been on it 1.5 months and I havent stopped bleeding for 12 days, today HUGE clots started coming out and the cramps? Omg they 're terrible. I 've been so deppressed, and have had no sex drive. I will never use this form of birth control again! I 've been eating paleo for a week and am pretty sure I 'm heavier then when I ate junk food! I do not recommend at all!
I got the Nexplanon around 3 months postpartum. I was exclusively breast feeding and figured it would be easier while everything was suppressed from breast feeding. I had a horrible bruise (but who cares?), and low back pain with crampiness (I expected it). I got a period right afterward which was light, but for 2 weeks. That subsided and I thought I was home free! But shortly afterwards I began to get stressed, anxious, irritable, and angry. I thought I might be pregnant, but wasn 't. That 's when I realized after 4 weeks it 's the Nexplanon! I 'm getting it out tomorrow. It 's so bad that I 'm mean to my kids, made my son cry and I can 't- just can 't be mean mommy anymore. I wish I would have realized sooner it 's the Nexplanon.
It works great putting me to sleep but it doesn 't keep me asleep unfortunately. I only tend to get 2 hours of sleep or so.
Not a bad anti-inflamatory. Better if taking it with a Vicodin or Percocet.
Does not work as well as I would like. I am prescribed 100mg 4 times a day which I rarely take. Mouth very dry and sometimes difficult to concentrate from about 30 minutes to 90 minutes after a dose. Also take Tylenol and Naproxyn or Celebrex for degenerative arthritis and lumbar 
The only good things about this pill is the comfort of knowing I likely won 't get pregnant and that my boyfriend doesn 't need a condom but that 's about it. I 've had a migraine every day since I 've started taking it and the nausea is getting unbearable! The only reason I haven 't stopped taking it is because I 've heard almost all birthcontrol pills cause these side effects.
I have noticed that my periods have become basically nonexistent which made me worry I was pregnant. After looking at everyone&rsquo;s experiences it has made me realize I also have weight gain (10lb), major mood swings, low libido, and emotional spells for no reason. I have been on this brand of BC for about 4-5 months now and the only good thing is the light periods and no pregnancy. I am asking my doctor to change brands if possible.
It did stop the cough, got up all the junk in my lungs and allowed me to continue my work day. However it gave me such terrible stomach pain I was very near calling it quits and going home. Taking a smaller dose with food made this problem much more tolerable, yet that burning feeling lingered for hours after.
I tried Zoloft for depression and it made me hyper.  Paxil works.  I have used it two times during my life when I was depressed and self-help was not working.  It worked great for depression and I didn 't have many side effects EXCEPT that I cannot achieve orgasm while taking this medication.  Nada.  I have a wonderful husband and I am used to a good sex life.  Paxil kills it.  As soon as I 'm off the drug for a week, everything comes back.  I hate losing sex but I hate being depressed more.  In the end, that is the choice for me.
I have had Mirena for four months now.  The insertion was quite painful but I had I had to get it done in the middle of my cycle instead of during my period so I guess more pain is normal then.  My cystic acne has come back in full force in four months and I spot brown very randomly but I suppose both of those could be due to other stresses in my life.  I am also feeling a little depressed and unmotivated, definitely gaining weight without much change in lifestyle. I am 31 with no kids, perhaps I need to work harder on my body now but 12 lbs in four months is a LOT for me.  I will give it six months to see if things level out.
Positive results at first. Bladder problems gradually lessened but this relief was soon outweighed when I began to develop a severe blocked nose. This has become such a problem as I can 't breath through my nose at all. I am one of the few women in the UK to be using Tamsulosin as a last resort as other medications have not been as successful as was hoped they would be. 
I was on this pill after I finished breast feeding, and I had lots of problems with break-through bleeding, every month. I was on Lo Ovral for 9 years prior to having a baby and didn 't experience the problems I have with Loestrin. 
I could breathe better, but I lost my sense of smell
Due to being diagnosed w/ Polystic Ovary Syndrome, my doctor put me on Yasmin but later switched me to Levora. This birth control has its pros &amp; cons. Pros: I never got pregnant, even though I was a little inconsistent w/ the time I took it &amp; sometimes would even forget. Cons: It did not help w/ my acne. I was easily irritated &amp; would be depressed when my period was coming. It was very difficult to shed pounds &amp; very easy to gain weight, so I had to be cautious w/ my food intake. I always had headaches, &amp; felt tired and lazy a lot of the time. Birth control effects everyone differently, but I would suggest trying another brand before trying this one.
Make sure to take it early in the morning when you have just wake up because you will be awake for hours. Do not take it before sleep like I did, unless you want to stay awake until 6 am following day. Other than that it works
I was prescribed Tenuate extended-release tabs because of my caffeine sensitivity.  Of course, I noticed a change but not the jittery/shaky feeling that comes with harsh stimulants.  My side effects included nausea, constipation, blurred vision (which I didn 't associate to the meds). I lost 15 pounds over a three month period including the winter holiday period but noticed after that I was not losing anymore.  Two months later and a 6 lb weight gain, I 've decided to stop taking the meds.  Immediately, I noticed extreme exhaustion and an inability to get going.
Do not take this medicine. Took one at 9pm last night and woke up at 4am with the worst abdominal pain I have ever experienced. It carried on throughout my working day and still has not subsided over 24 hours later. It worked but the indescribable amount of pain made it so not worth it!!
I 'm on my 2nd weeks with Truelicity.0.75 mg..I take my shot every Friday at noon. by Saturday-Sunday night I have diarrhea, and feeling very sick to my stomach /getting sick..&amp; The hearburn I think is the worst side effect of all..Burping every 20 minutes then it feels like my chest is on fire..Alka-Seltzer did help with the heartburn!! Last but not least i 'm hardly eating..I maybe take 3 bites of something and i 'm done with it..It seems like my taste buds have changed all food is either to sweet or to salty...On the other hand my blood sugar numbers are great..I was taking Tresiba 30 units once a day with metformin 1,000 mgs 2x a day.&amp; my blood sugar numbers were over 280..with truelicity my blood sugar numbers are under 170 after i eat
I have been on this medication for two years. It has been very affective in preventing pregnancy but the weight gain has been outrageous. I gained 30lbs since having it inserted. I 'm vegan and go to the gym 3x a week, also I have a very physical job and still gained weight. Come my 3 year anniversary it will be removed and I will try something else.
I started taking topamax a year ago and it helped with my visual migraines. I had the side affects such as; delayed speech, confusion, numbness, carbonated drinks are horrible tasting, dizziness, all the normal side affects... But they only lasted a few weeks. I 'm at 100mg a day now, 50 in the morning and 50 at night. Now the side effects don 't bother me at all. I haven 't lost not one pound so I 'm not sure what the weight loss is about. I actually gained 10! Overall its doing its purpose.
I had unprotected sex and took Plan B less than 24 hours after. A week later, I began to bleed for three days and by the fourth it was a brownish color. Im not sure if this was caused by the plan B or it 's my period because I got my last period July 9th. I recently got very sick, sore throat, cough, back pains, tender breasts. I also threw up this morning. I have a doctors appointment tomorrow and will see if this was caused from the plan B.
I usually had no problem with my period. Came every month for about 3 or 4 days max. Until this last month I had abnormal heavy bleeding, changing pads every hour. My doctor started me on progesterone despite the fact that I 'm allergic to it. Insertion was very painful since my cervix is small and never had kids so insertion was painful and the lidocaine made my heart beat fast. I had really bad cramping after the procedure and still in pain. We will see if this helps me. 
Diagnosed 1 yr ago Gen type 3 after other issues were being investigated. Now Into my second week of treatment no side effects to report , except tiredness and fatigue which I was already experiencing for many years . I was also suffering from aches and pains, liver pain, &amp; dare I say it but I think I can already feel improvement, &quot; touch wood&quot;. I have also been diagnosed with liver disease , not sure if the Hep C has caused this or my social drinking. I am now obviously abstaining .I go back for my first meds/bloods check in a few days, I will keep you guys upto date, best wishes to you all.Thank you Gilead and the UK NHS without either I suspect I would be on my way to the Grand Lodge Above
If you 're looking for a birth control that 's easy on your body in the sense that you don 't get mood swings, no weight gain, good sex drive, etc., you might like Alesse. If you 're looking for all that as well as an acne treatment, BEWARE (especially if you have adult acne)! My doctor put me on Alesse because I was looking for a birth control and an acne treatment (I had moderate adult acne on my cheeks). The first three months, I thought I was in heaven. No mood swings, no weight gain, clear skin, etc. Then approaching my period on the fourth month, I woke up with 6 acne cysts on my chin, jaw and lower cheek. I had never had them before. Still getting pre-period cystic breakout, onto Diane 35 next month.
Wow! reading all the comments, make me realise I am not alone. Had mine since May the 5th. Small side effects, sore breasts, a bit tired. 3 weeks with no bleeding then since the 27 of may, no stop. My period used to be very heaving, 7 to 8 days straight, but with the implant I wear only small pads. I can 't complain that much about the bleeding, no major side effect. We are all different and I am going to give it more chance. I used to wear big pad during my period you could see the shape on my trousers, but now it light, and no baby. I think I could give it 6 months trial.
I am 56 and still hot flashes. Over 2 years I have increased dosage several times. 
So I used Norplant back in the day. Had it removed in 5 yrs as scheduled in 98. No problems. No period for 4 yrs. No spotting. All good. So I requested another norplant and was advised it had been pulled due to side effects. Did the pill for a few years them got implanon in 2013 and told I would probably have similar experience as norplant. Wrong. I spotted constantly for almost the entire 3 yrs. Nothing heavy but constant. Maybe 4 or 5 scattered days monthly with no spotting. Not good for my sex life. Got it removed on the 3 yr Mark and went back to the pill. Rarely had a period but started having blood pressure issue so stopped the pill. Considering IUD
I took Doryx for 2 months and it worked. I stopped taking it and it started coming back in 2 months. Now I paid $270 to buy it again as my insurance would not cover it.
I got my nexplanon inserted Sept. 16th, 3 days after having my son. I 'm not sure if these bad side effects I 'm having are from the implant or postpartum stuff still. No bleeding anymore, but having a horrible foul discharge daily along with irritation and dryness. I thought it could still be post partum lochia , but now I 'm not sure reading that a side effect from nexplanon could be vaginitis. Also am noticing headaches and breakouts more than usual. If this continues, I will NOT continue this method. So far not so good.
I 'm 17, and took 30MG Vyvance for the first time yesterday. I 'm taking it for binge eating disorder, not for ADD or ADHD. After about an hour I was cold and sweaty, I couldn 't control what was coming out of my mouth, I fit 4-5 sentences into one breath I was talking so fast. My heart rate was 92 a minute, when I later checked after coming down it was 62 a minute. I felt like the world was moving really slow and I was normal, I felt like I was on top of the world! I began craving Vyvanse about 12 hours after taking it for the FIRST TIME. I didn 't, because I refuse to abuse this medication with all the other medications I 'm on , anyways. I took it again this morning, it 's been an hour and a half and I still feel nothing, not even focused.
So I 've just had my IUD for about 2 weeks now. The cramping is no exaggeration. It is very painful and does feel as if it was a contraction coming on. My period has lasted now for about 12 days and doesn 't seem to be subsiding. I will give this a try for 3 months and if theres no improvement will need to change to a different method. I have a 22 yr old and a 14yr old and the only good thing about the paragard is the fact that I don 't have to worry for 10 yrs.
Started at 17 for MDD &amp; GAD, I 'm almost 20 and recently dx 'd w BPD now (comorbid w the above). 5mg first week, 10mg 2 years, 20mg 5 months. First week side effects inc 'd but not lim 'd to: yawning, sweating (esp night), brain fog, nausea, hypomania, lack of focus. These only came back with cold turkey withdrawals (2 or more missed doses). Brain zaps, muscles seizing up and panic were common for withdrawal for me too. Lexy helped me minimise/blunt emotional responses and therefore improve cognition (could still cry etc tho), also boosted my mood noticeably but not intensely. This lasted a year before this med completely stopped working at all, eventual 20mg bump did nothing. Gentle first antid.. tapering off now, prob going for SNRI next.
I have been on this shot for almost 3 years now, starting out just to help with abdominal pain and now for use of birth control. I love that I have never had a period let alone spotting, no cramps, nothing. Just recently I have been having terrible headaches that make me nauseous. I have gained at least 15 lbs, which is very depressing, and sex drive...well that 's long gone(which seems very odd for a 20 year old). Reading the reviews helped a lot, thank you!
I 'm 39 and my last period was on 12/14/16. My cycle is usually 27 days and always on time. Had unprotected sex once this month on the 17th day of my cycle which shows 2 days after ovulation (Dec 30th 5am). He pulled out. Wasn 't sure about taking a MAP but took the &quot;my way&quot; pill anyway on Jan 2nd (lil over 72 hrs) for my own sanity. I 've been crampy, clear discharge w/white strings (sorry tmi), gassy, felt slight nausea. EP was yesterday 1/10, so i 'm 1 day late. I plan on testing on 1/13. I will post results. I read that it could be up to 48-56 days before I see a period with negative tests. Paranoid.
Insertion wasn 't bad, some bruising the next 2 days after the insertion. For the first 4 months periods were either non-existent through the month, or very light and lasting 3 days or so. I have now been on my period for 2 months straight. Its very light but extremely annoying. I haven 't gained weight but my eating habits have gotten slightly worse in the past 2 months while on my period.I have also been constantly stressed and tired. I have never had a cold sore until about 3 days ago which could be from stress which I think leads back to the nexplanon. I 'm seriously thinking about finding a new birth control/something to regulate my hormones. I especially wouldn 't recommend nexplanon if you are content with a different form of birth control
I was diagnosed with BV by my ob/gyn and she prescribed me with Metronidazole 500mg twice a day for 7 days. I took the pill and noticed that my discharge lessened but.. My odor was still traveling around but it wasn 't as strong. Then as the days went on.. Day 2: I felt dizzy and as like the room was spinning, minor cramps, headacheDay3: nausea, cramps, dizziness, headache, constipation, dry mouth, loss of appetiteDay 4: I was vomiting all night and I decided to stop taking the pills and called my doctor in the morning because the side effects weren 't getting any better and my BV didn 't seem to be clearing up as much as I wanted it to. She prescribed me metronidazole vaginal 0.75% gel for 5 days. And haven 't taken yet, but will be reviewing
I was really wanting EvaMist to work for me. Seemed so easy, just one spray on my arm every morning. But I have very sensitive skin and after a week and changing arms developed a itchy rash on my arms. May not be recommended for someone with sensitive skin.
Have been taking Ocella for four months now due to polycystic ovarian syndrome. I 've been experiencing elevated blood pressure and this is causing some other ill feelings such as nausea and shortness of breath, which immediately triggers anxiety attacks. Surprisingly I feel fine emotionally for the majority of the time.My breast size has increased, my sex drive is up, my periods are lighter and my skin is clearer. The negative symptoms I have been experiencing have not been frequent, they have only occurred recently. However, the severe elevation in my blood pressure is cause for concern and I may switch next month to a new pill.
The good: Implanon was 100% effective, and very convenient. The bad: It killed my desire for sex completely. I gained 30 pounds within two months. I have a history of migraines, usually getting them every couple of months, but during the last six months of having Implanon, I was getting them twice a week, with bizarre symptoms. My migraines would make me feel like my face and entire left side of my body was numb. I would forget words, I would have trouble forming sentences. Sometimes it felt like I was totally disconnected from my body, and that my head was caving in. My doctor sent me to get an MRI, but nothing was wrong, and they diagnosed &quot;complex&quot; migraine. Had Implanon removed 2 months later, and the weird migraines stopped.
I had the Mirana IUD put in after I had my 1st son in 2011, after about 1 year of having it I had it taken out because of the cramping and losing so much hair. Then I had my 2nd son June of 2014 and had the skyla put in a couple months later. And almost every month since then I have gotten a yest infection. I have never had problems down there until I got this birth control. About 3 weeks ago I got a severe pelvic infection and in so much pain for the past 3 weeks and antibiotics we not even working! had it removed 3 days ago and it 's slowly getting better. I 've been having a lot of anxiety, panic attacks and would get depressed but never thought it was fron this birth control till I saw the other comments.I would not recommend it for anyone
I am a male, 66 years old. Suffering from IBS/SIBO  for 20 plus years. Check out SIBO on google. Side effects for this medicine give me extreme headaches. I have started using my old standby Peppermint Plus with no LSD affects. I also take peppermint tea with ginger powder.
I was put on this pill about a year and a half ago because I had a large ovarian cyst that had ruptured.  The main reason I was on it was to prevent any more cyst from happening but I also suffered from intense and painful periods.  I noticed I was gaining weight so I started watching what I  was eating and how much I was exercising. It didn 't seem to help though and I still continue to gain weight despite eating far fewer calories than I should be. Today I went in for my one year appointment  and was shocked to find that my weight has gone up another 10 pounds in the past three months. When I spoke to my doctor he said that the reason it was happening was because of my  medicine and immediately apologized. Because I ended  up gaining 25 pounds in a year he switching me to a different one. However this pill did prevent me from getting other cysts and made my periods much lighter and less painful.  Not everyone gains as much weight as I did but I also might have a thyroid problem so I 'm not entirely sure how much of it was the pills fault. Overall I 'm glad that the pill helped keep me safe as long as it did and I 'm not very upset at the overall result.
Works great for easing withdrawl symptoms of just about anything. But did not work for my anxiety as it gave me fairly awful side effects, (excessive sweating and horrible nightmares) and I don 't often experience any side effects on any medicine. I 've since had my doc look elsewhere.
This will be the 6th month I 've been on Estarylla, but I 'm going to stop taking it &amp; find another birth control. Although it 's done its job with preventing pregnancy, this certain pill makes me much more emotionally unstable. Before taking it I was a social &amp; overall happy person but now I get upset over the most insignificant things, push people away, feel anxious/sad more often than I 'm happy. :( It 's even affected my relationship with my boyfriend bc he thinks I 'm always sad around him but it 's just this dang pill messing with my emotions! I know medications affect people differently, but from seeing the other reviews just be warned that this pill can increase depression, mood swings, anxiety, etc.
It 's like my vagina was a good little catholic who played around with Monistat 7 and became possessed by Lucifer Himself.  I do have one tip.  If you get the itchy fire ants from hell reaction,  try lying in bed on a towel,  naked from the waist down and just opening your legs.  The air helps to soothe it.  Don 't take a bath or you 'll remove the only thing that 's curing the infection. Also,  as much as the side effects make scratch my own vajayjay with fork sound like a sweet relief.... The medication itself does work.  So stick with it because it doesn 't feel like this by day 7.
So I always get YI and normally I just get the pill but this time I decided to use Monistat 7. Well the 1st and 2nd night were HORRIBLE!! The itch on the inside was driving me completely INSANE!  I just used it for the 3rd night in a row and the itching isn 't as severe, but tonight is the first night it started burning! I 've heard after the 3rd use of monistat, the YI starts to go away... sure hope that 's true. Not sure how much more of this I can take!!
I 've been taking Tri-Sprintec for a few weeks now and I have been breaking out and I usually have great skin.  I usually sleep a good 8-9 hours a night and now I 'm having A LOT of trouble sleeping and I wake up without being able to fall back to sleep after 3-5 hours. I have felt very nauseous and I have even thrown up a few times. I will be switching to something else very soon.
I have been on Depo-Provera for about 4 weeks. Started spotting a pink color. Then my period came a week late. I 've been bleeding over a week as of now. Next shot isn 't until next month. Cramps used to be severe but now I barely feel them. Appetite has changed. Mood swings all the time and constantly feel nauseous.
Have been on Saphris, Trileptal, and Effexor for about 3 years now for Bi-Polar disorder and depression.  I take 5mg of Saphris before bed and I can only sleep about 2 hours if I miss a dose of Saphris.  Otherwise, I sleep about 9 hours of deep and restful sleep.  I do not function well.  Not sure which drug is responsible, but I have issues with focusing and memory that I never had before.  I still have thoughts of suicide almost daily, but this is the best I 've functioned on any drug and I 've been on them all except Lithium.
I have been on the Nuvaring for 2 1/2 years and have decided to go off it this month. Let me state, I know correlation does not (always) equal causation. I will write back in a few months to see if my issues have cleared up! No mood swings for me or weight gain/loss but....I have decided to go off due to the following: 1. Never had a sinus infection in my life prior to the ring. The past 2 years I have gotten chronic sinus infections, and apparently this is a common side effect (who knew??)  2. I can 't deal with the discharge anymore, its like I have to wear a tampon all the time.  3. Began to develop major digestive and bloating issues/water retention. 4. My sex drive is virtually gone now. (Defeats the purpose don 't you think?)
This medicine works pretty well, but in gel form it is messy and takes a long time to dry. 
Day 2 of Celexa for anxiety. Ended up with headache, panic, dizziness, racing heart and thoughts. My typical anxiety wasn 't even as bad as that. Day 1 seemed okay, but after day 2 I 'm not happy with it. No more for me thanks!
I got my Nexplanon put in April 16th. Insertion was super easy and I hardly felt a thing. I had a pretty good bruise for about 3 days and then it went away. I was supposed to get my period 2 weeks after insertion but I didn 't. About 2 weeks after that I started spotting and it hasn 't stopped since. I 've had a two weeks where I had heavier bleeding for my normal 5 day &quot;period&quot; so I figured thats when I 'll get my period but I 've been bleeding every day in between then and it 's so annoying. That 's the biggest downfall to the implant is that you don 't know if you 're going to be someone who gets prolonged bleeding or not and when you do get it it 's super frustrating. Plus I feel like I 'm in a bad mood all the time, I 'm tired, &amp; no sex drive.
Today was my second day on Nuvigil for idiopathic hypersomnia. I was sleeping around 10 hours a night and napping 2-4 hours per day before this medicine. These were my first two days without a nap in months! However, I still feel tired. I shouldn 't complain, it 's definitely an improvement. 
I have only been on it for 2 days. But the first day I took it, I slept for a solid 16 hours and this morning I feel groggy and lifeless. I just feel like I can 't wait to get my son to school so I can go back to bed. 
Been on fluoxetine for 7 weeks now, I got my script from my GP. I told him I wanted to start with 10mgs in the morning and 10 at night. That didn 't work out because it affected the last 4 hrs of sleep. So I just started taking the 20mgs in the morning. At first I would feel jittery for a few hours. Into my 8th week I 'm good. Unfortunately, I made the mistake of reading about the side effect a little too thoroughly, by that I mean I read the pharmacology part for health care professionals. There I stumbled on a possible side effect that really bothers me. Alopecia! I 'm a man in my early 50s, has anyone heard anything about losing hair on Prozac?
I had the implant for two years. The first yr was nice. No symptoms or anything. Second was awful tho!! My bleeding was 3 weeks long. A got awful acne. Violent cramps, and so so so so moody. Like I literally wanted to kill someone. I couldn 't take it anymore so u got it out. And let me just say, getting it put in is much easier than taking it out. I 'm now on the pill. But that 's just MY experience. It varies for everyone. I didn 't get pregnant tho!! Hahaha
After reading the reviews, I was anxious about taking my 4 pill 2k mg  mega dose. It is bitter to say the least. But I have  have tasted way worse.  Rotten porkchops, spoiled rice, siphoned gasoline all top this over rated little pill. Be prepared and have a sweet soda ready and you will be fine.as far as its effectiveness I don 't know. I don 't even know why I am taking it. My wife brought it home from her doctor for me to take. Only god knows what she dragged into our home. Just kidding. I know what  she dragged home
This medicine was great. Like you all say I got my life back, but then I started to get to where I felt like I was 80 years old in the morning I had severe leg cramps causing me to walk like a 80 year old women would walk, and I am only 46. I had pain in my calves and in my heels, shoulder pain severe. I could not sit or stand for long periods of time. I kept telling myself that it not the Roxy I was on that was causing me so much pain because I like how it let me get my work done. But then when I started feeling the horrible pain in my calves that I could barely walk and made me very weak like I could not do my normal stuff, it put me into a depression because I felt like I was old before my time.
i believe it was working for all my problems, including fibromyalgia, anxiety, and depression. However the side effects out weighed the benefits.
33 y/o w/ 1 child, ParaGuard (copper IUD) over 2 yrs now. Originally chose due to non-hormonal option (had extreme nausea on the pill.) POSITIVE: had immediate nausea relief, no daily pill, no mood swings/weight changes. NEGATIVE: long, heavy, painful periods like never before &amp; did not improve over time. 1-2 days became 7. Super Plus tampon each 45 min and lots of stained clothes. A simple tampon change on a &quot;Paraguard period&quot; can make your bathroom look like a scene from Dexter. Hubs felt IUD string poking him until doc tucked it farther up/inside cervix. It served its purpose for a season of life, but now I 'm willing to give hormones another try &amp; switching to Mirena.
If you 're taking samples currently, please read this. I have to love and hate this medicine.ProsIt does what it says it does. It makes you go!It doesn 't give you full on diarrhea if you take it every few days. Just soft stools which is a great thing!ConsYou cannot take this medication everyday no matter what the doctor tells you. Maybe it 's my body or something but I can promise you, your body will soon reject the medication if taken everyday for more than 5 days. If continued in such a fashion, you will bloat, cramp and become MORE constipated than before. It will plug you up FOR REAL. It 's not strong enough to make you go a lot the next day if you need it.Take a weak laxative with it. Still the best IBS/Constipation meds I 've found.
I have been taking Nuvigil for a week and every day I get headaches and my eyes are sensitive to light. Overall I love feeling back to normal and not tired all the time. I have tried cutting my pills in 1/2 and 1/4s to stop the side effects no luck.
It worked great, then tolerance built up and it stopped working for sleep. But safer and better than prescription sedatives though. Worth a try.
Been taking Zoloft for about 2 months (50 mg). At first my hands shook bad, I yawned all day long and was tired, and lost complete interest in sex.  I do feel better, I am not yawning and tired anymore, and my hands don 't shake as bad (still shake though). Still zero interest in sex.
I am 5 '7 ' ' 263 lbs, female. My doctor put me on this to help with my weight loss. I am on weight watchers as well and started going to the gym. I started April 3rd with 0.6 for week one and I just increased to 1.2 for week 2. Week one my symptoms were nausea, stomach pain and abdominal pain just below my belly button. Extreme constipation and bloating. I had to go the pharmacy and got stool softener, which helped after 2 days of taking stool softeners. I also felt extremely tired. Week 2 yesterday was my first injection of 1.2 and the next day (today) I had sharp pain in my stomach until I had something to eat and drink lots of water. I feel like I need to drink a lot of water to feel good. I will update soon.
Well after my first pill I already felt better sinus-wise, but I had an allergic reaction and broke out in a red rash all over my face that spread to more of my body. Be careful if you are allergic to penicillin. You may also be allergic to this medication
I have been on this pill for one week, and have had a constant headache. Most severe headache I 've even had. Not only that but it makes me feel sick to my stomach as well.
I am 20, and have been using this birth control a little over a year. It is my first birth control pill. Effective at preventing pregnancy but that 's the only plus. Overall I think it 's an okay pill, but I wouldn 't say it 's the best. It takes about three months to adjust to it, and taking it at night helps with the nausea and headaches you may experience. I have gained 15 pounds while on the pill, which is very disappointing because my diet is better now than it was before and I 've always been very active and attend the gym. The weight is hard for me to shed now..it 's frustrating. My periods are normal for the most part, but sometimes they come a little later and carry over when I 'm back on active pills. 
I have had Kyleena for about 4 weeks now. When it was inserted, it did hurt more than I expected, but I powered through the pain. I had taken Advil an hour prior, it didn&rsquo;t really seem to help lol. The rest of the day, I laid in bed with cramping and bleeding. I have been on my period since that day, but it had been light with no cramps up until a week ago, where my period got heavier and I started having severe cramps. I am not sure what is going on, and pain meds seem not to be doing a whole lot for me. I&rsquo;m eating a lot and I am constantly bloated. I am optimistic about these negative things going away, but if they don&rsquo;t I will have it removed.
I had previously been on Orthotricyclen Lo for over a decade before trying something new. I loved ortho lo, but my insurance didn 't cover it anymore. I 've been on microgestin fe 1/20 for 3 packs now and I can 't say I love it. With my previous pill I had no breast tenderness, acne problems, and always got my period like clockwork. Now on microgestin, my boobs hurt constantly. So painful I can 't even wear a bra, but they 're not getting bigger. Acne flares up around week 2. My biggest complaint is that I have not gotten a period on this pill. Some people might think  opposite  of me, but I want a period. Anyways, my Dr said wait it out to the end of the pack and if my symptoms don 't subside that she 'll switch me to Aleese.
Been on this for 4 months now and it has brought relief that I hadn 't had in yrs. I have too many issues to name. My dose was upped this month to 7.5. I found that after abt 5 days the patch is wearing off. Last month the dr changed the rx to every 5 days instead of 7 but this presented a bit of a problem w/ins filling it. Since there 's only 4 in a box I had to go back on day 20 to fill again (w/additional copy). Still, every 5 days was better but I did still have breakthrough pain. The prob for me was that the dr changed me from 4x a day tramadol to 3x a day so I still had issues This is my 2nd week on higher dose and back to 4x day tram. The patch is good but I have rash/itch at app site and contstipation that I didn 't have w/Norco.
The doctor gave me a sample of this when I complained of congestion. I took two tablets, which may have been too much since I developed the runs. I 'll try it again, but only one tablet. Or, I may just get Robitussin since the doctor said that Mucinex is a magnified version of Robitussin.
I started taking this medicine for its obvious indication as birth control, but also wanted to get on it for it 's anti-androgenic properties.I 've noticed crazy mood swings; I 've had several anxiety attacks, and depression that has become out of control. I haven 't really noticed a decrease in acne (although I never suffered from it to begin with, I still have the occasional couple zits on my chin). However, I have noticed a decrease in speed of growth of unwanted facial hair.Decreased sex drive, nausea, and weight loss are also a side effect I have experienced. I am just now getting over the nausea. Also--I had breakthrough bleeding for about 2 1/2 weeks. I 'm going to try it a couple more months to see if I regulate the hormones better.
My 6 yr old son has been on 20mg of Vyvanse for the past month and a half. I was so reluctant to start him on any type of medicine, but his inability to focus, keep his hands to himself, stay in his seat at school, etc., was affecting the learning of his classmates and causing him to have a hard time making friends. I saw a difference in him (and his teacher did, too), immediately after the 1st dose, he was able to focus, was making friends, etc. I have decided to try him on something different because he 's losing weight and he 's not the happy, sweet boy that I know he is. He 's moody, he gets upset extremely easily, he 's grumpy, and is SUPER serious about everything, he finds nothing funny. Its definitely altered his personality, even off the meds.
My daughter just turned two and has failed every conventional method of treating her eczema. We have seen multiple specialists and after much consideration ( due to the warnings and side effects) we decided to try Elidel. After 3 days she was almost clear. By one week she was free of eczema, severe itching  ( which is by far the worst symptom) and redness/ dry skin. We stopped the medication as directed and within one day she was in a FULL flare. We thought perhaps we did not use it long enough? We tried it again daily for another week and here we are again back in a full flare after daily use for two weeks! So discouraging! Has anyone exp. this???
I 've been on Effexor for quite a few years now taking 112.5mg.  I didn 't have any problems with this med but have been wanting to simplify my regime.  So 112.5 to 75mg saw no real withdrawal or return of depression or anxiety.  But, 75mg to 37.5mg, I cannot bear.  I feel awful, irritable, nasty, and even aggressive at times.  Imagine waking up every morning for 2 weeks being 50 Shades of Pissed! My personality changed if feels like. Wondering if anyone has experienced this.  It would appear that Effexor is effective for my anxiety.
The nausea that came with this is unbearable but it 's working. I guess I 'm not eating enough with it!?
Take for migraines not sure it does much good as I still get them twice a month it did however see off my sciatica after 3 years of constant pain!
I 've had this implant for about 2 1/2 weeks now and have not had bleeding, cramping, or any other that other stuff, but what I do have a serious pain at the injection site. How long is this going to last. It 's so bad some times I can 't move my left arm in fear of the pain.
I 've had moderate, treatment resistant acne since I was about 14. I am now 21 and I started Claravis 14 weeks ago. I noticed my breakouts have been slightly worse for these first few months and I breakout around my mouth particularly bad and it looks like herpes and it 's very embarrassing. However my back/chest are completely clear (they had mild acne before) and my cheeks have been clearer than usual. I 'm hoping the pimples on my mouth will go away soon.
I have used this product from time to time.  How badly it burns and itches depends on how long I 've let my YI go and how bad that has gotten. The worse the YI, the worse the burning and itching would be.  This time around,  I caught the symptoms of my infection early.  And although the itching and a little burning is still there,  it is tolerable and nothing I lose sleep over. I usually use the monistat 7 because I feel the monistat 1 and 3 with their high milligrams of the meds only make the experience with the itching and burning worse. 7 days are drawn out where the meds are not that strong.  And just after a couple times of using it, the symptoms start to get a whole lot better.  If the side effects are too much, use Diflucan from a doc
The 300 Mg tablets are huge, other than that a great drug
I started the phenetermine at the beginning of this month and in just one week I went from 174 to 159... I was elated I couldn 't believe how fast I was losing weight, but now I 'm stuck I haven 't lost anymore weight sometimes I even go up a pound or two. I 've hit a wall and it 's almost like I 'm wasting the pills now and I don 't know what to do I 'm feeling very discouraged. Help?
Some uncomfortable side effects like constipation. Other than that, the drug does an ok job with my Rheumatoid Arthritis pain.
I 've had a recurrent UTI for the past month and no other antibiotics had been working. Doctor prescribed this one 100 mg, twice a day every 12 hours, for five days. After my first dose, my urgency to urinate had subsided a lot. Nevertheless, by the second dose severe nausea, constipation, and fatigue began. I have been a zombie at work and just the thought of food makes me want to puke, even though I 've been forcing myself to have at least three full meals a day (particularly when I take the medication). Have two more days to go, and I just wrote to my provider to see if I MUST finish it. The UTI symptoms are gone at this point yet the side effects are decreasing my quality of life by the minute.
I initially had Mononessa prescribed for PCOS but switched after 3 months to Sprintec. Of course I experienced the usual side effects with both i.e. nausea, mood swings, hot flashes, breast tenderness and headaches but only for the first week or two. However with Sprintec I am now experiencing depression, my skin on face and chest area above breast is not as smooth as it used to be and worst of all a yeast infection, which I have never suffered from before (awful itching but Monistat 7 is helping a lot). I 'm still quite new to Sprintec and hope all this goes away.
Excruciating side effects! Took 4 pills in one dose and about half a hour later I 'm in so much pain in my stomach .In fetal position on the couch chugging water with the worst diarrhea ever and nausea but no puking yet thank goodness
I 've been taking this drug since the end of Sept 2014. On 100mg per day, taken 25mg 4 times a day as I find them so strong. They 've been working really well up until about a month ago, but the migraines have returned, so wondering whether I need to increase the dose or to request to try botox - anyone tried this for migraine treatment? Side effects-these have been tough and ongoing. Pins and needles in hands&amp;feet, severe nausea, dizziness, memory loss, lack of concentration, reduced heart rate (normal 70 bpm to 48 - I 'm a 35 year old female), find it hard to sleep. Have lost 2.5 stone so far, have real trouble eating as feel so sick-dietician scored me with a high risk of malnutrition. Concerned about the damage this drug is doing.
I was diagnosed with chlamydia and was given two 500mg pills to take at the clinic around 10am. They said it 'll make me nauseous. I was fine for two hours until I got home around 12pm and started having sharp stabbing stomach pains worst pain I 've ever felt ended up going to the bathroom and throwing up. Then right after that had to flush and ended up having watery diarrhea stayed in the bathroom an hour doubled over from the stomach pains while sitting on the toilet still. Pain let up an I took a nap for 2 hours and went to school got there around 3:50  ended up going home 15 minutes later because the stomach pain came back and I was literally crying sitting on the toilet in the college locker room. Went home been in bed ever since its 12am
Received Kenalog injection in right thumb, for Osteoarthritis. I had side effects with Dr saying these were NOT related to the Kenalog Injection.Dizziness, bloody nose, confusion, Migraines.Dr. knew from my chart that I had Diabetes- Thyroid, AND PREVIOUS bad reaction with  'Prednsone 'Dr. told me before injection on the same day, &quot;I 've never heard of anyone being allergic to &quot;Corticosteroids&quot; I agreed then to Injection &amp; suffered since 12/16/2015 with the adverse effects.  Grrrr! I 'm female-77 years.
No acne just blemishes after shower and leave pimples. Only get red cheeks and raised pimple when hot. Doctor gave me this to try. Applied first lot tonight. See how it goes ....
I 've had a couple bladder infections. This is the first time I 've taken Cipro. It did it 's job and got rid of the infection and relieved my symptoms pretty quickly.  But the side effects made it so I couldn 't wait to be done with the medicine. It made my knees ache, gave me terrible, terrible headaches and made me extremely tired. Also, it was quite agitating not being able to take my vitamins or with milk. I am grateful to have my bladder infection gone, but these side effects were not enjoyable.
I chose Skyla hoping that it would be a practical and mindless form of birth control considering my husband and I were moving to Thailand for a year and would be traveling around Asia unsure of what kind of other methods would be available. I just got it removed and had it in place for little over a year.  The first 6 months, I had horrible cramping, like I 've never experienced before, and irregular unpredictable periods. My periods became more regular but still with uncomfortable cramping. I experienced no weight gain, as many women fear...and already had acne and skin problems prior. I had it removed ultimately for the discomfort and lack of control I felt in not being able to do something immediately if I felt unsafe or uncomfortable.
I took prozac several years ago, and it worked a little bit for a while. Often, though, it made me feel really lethargic, sleepy, and extremely apathetic to most things. It sort of did it 's job, but not well enough, as I have now switched to something that works better.
3 days maybe, with a  tick in my left side under my arm, upper rib cage? Got it out, whole, sent it to a lab, it came back positive for lyme and negative  for  co infections. On 3rd day when I found it, urgent care doctor gave a two time prophylactic dose of doxy and sent me on my way. Maybe that was good enough, but I was outside the 72 hr first dose window, &amp; lyme is something I just do NOT want to fight with. I don 't get flu shots, don 't take my baby aspirin, don 't take my multivitamins, etc, etc...but I also don 't get sick. But this? I know people that have been seriously screwed by this so I went to my doc and got the 100mg 2x day script for 14 days. I THINK I 'll be okay, I 'm generally sturdy. But at 50yrs old I 'm playing it safe. 1 probiotic midday, no probs.
One of the best antibiotics for me...I was amazed how well it worked.  Down side: taste is horrible but that 's probably why it 's so good.My side effects were plentiful but the risks outweighed the bad...My biggest side effect was nausea and vomiting there were lots of moments I had to run to a bathroom or get out of a moving vehicle....With all that, I 'm still grateful. I was sicker then ever before.I slept last night fully for the first time in almost 3 weeks... If like me one of your symptoms are no appetite either force feed yourself or find an alternative with your doctor.I 'm sure being able to eat would 've helped ease my stomach.Feel better.Had some dizziness and vaginitis..
This week I started off on of 5 mg and then went up to 10mg. I 've been doing a lot of spiritual work so I 'm not sure whether I feel better because of the drug or because of trying to change my thinking. But one thing I 've definitely noticed is that I am totally constipated.   Not even an urge to go.  I 'll try the medication until  this batch is done, and hopefully the side effect will have gone. Otherwise I don 't think I can stay on it.  No other side effects that I can see right now
l took this and it help me sleep because I had brain surgery to stop my seizures and all others have side effect of possibly causing seizure so I took this one. The one bad side effect was that I was alone and depressed and it made my depression worse.  So don 't take this if you r depressed.  I was just glad my son  phoned me
So I started contrave 3 weeks ago. With one pill a day, I lost 5 lbs the first week. Upped the dose to 1am  1pm. Lost 2 lbs. No bad side effects. Just thirsty and maybe a tiny headache. Started Sunday with 2 in the morning and one at night- migraines from 12-6pm then eat dinner and feel better. Then I get a headache again.  Light sensitivity. Nauseousness. Gained 2 lbs. Not sure if I can handle this dose. I did have more energy until these stinking headaches started kicking my butt.
I 'm on week 4 of taking Pristiq, I had nausea, loss of appetite, foggy head, sleepiness during the day and sleeplessness at night for the first week.  The side effects are all gone now, and I think I 'm starting to feel a bit less depressed.  I think this medicine affects a person so gradually that it 's hard to tell for sure if you are improving.  But when I look back to 5 weeks ago, before I started, I think I 'm less depressed.  I take 50 mg in the evening.  I was taking it in the morning because my doctor said I might sleep better at night if I take it in the morning.  But I found that I was very sleepy in the early afternoon when taking Pristiq in the morning.  So I slowly changed to taking it at night.
Just took first dose.  Mixed with water and didn 't breathe while drinking, so didn 't taste it.  Took me 4 long drinks, separated by swigs of Zevia Lemon Twist colorless soda and 3-5 minute pauses. Chewing Double-mint gum right now - so far so good.
It dehydrates you like crazy and I could not drink enough liquids.  My throat got so dry it caused me to cough uncontrollably.  For the past 3 nights I could not sleep... Even took 10mg of Ambien which usually knocks me out cold.... But it didn 't work.  I just found this site and learned that my insomnia is caused by mucinex d.  Not worth the lack of sleep!
I had been on Celexa from 2002 to 2014, 20 mg a day.My doctor told me about Brintellix (now Trintellix) and I switched to it about 2 and half years ago.Since I am also on Wellbutrin, I only needed 5 mg of Trintellix a day.Can 't say that it makes me feel perfect, but it helped with my depression and anxiety disorder.Today is the first day that I have not been on Trintellix, but still on Wellbutrin and I am feeling about as even keel as I have in a while, not experiencing anxiety or depression at all.I 'll see how it goes in the next few days, but if I keep on feeling like this, I will stay just on the Wellbutrin and not go back to Trintellix.
I 've only been on this medication for about 2 weeks. That said, I 've slept almost every day since starting it. I know sleepiness is a common side effect but this is excessive. Almost no energy throughout the day. Nonstop yawning. My depression is still there, anxiety has been better. I just feel very drained and apathetic. I 'll stick with it for a while longer because I know it will take a while for the full affect to kick in. hoping for good results!
I 'm 24 yrs old, I started taking lo loestrin fe about a year ago. As soon as I started taking the pill I felt fine. My weight was not effected and my acne actually cleared up. Overall, I was happy about the pill. Anywho, I stopped the pill for about a month because my script went up and a ton of other inconveniences came up. I immediately began taking the pill the following month but I noticed my hair is falling out. I 'm sure this is due to stopping the pill. I already have thin hair so this is freaking me out. It 's coming out in chunks and I shed a lot throughout the day.Since, my skin is prone to cystic acne that 's what 's appearing on my face and back. I 'm not sure what to do. Change BC or stay on this and let my body adjust?
My wife started with two a day in conjunction with Exelon patch ..was dizzyso went to one a day. After 8 months her short memory is worse so we want to go to the two a day routine.
I changed to Loestrin from Yaz. I loved Yaz. No side effect at all. I changed to Loestrin and had acne, and severe vertigo. It was unbearable. Fortunately it only lasted about a month. Now it is fine. Very light bleeding.
Caused restlessness in my son and had trouble sleeping at night. Be very careful using it.
I have been taking this for about 6 weeks now. I had headaches for about a week initially but they have since gone away. However, I have had what I though was bad allergies or a cold for about a month now. After reading some of these reviews and the side affects I believe it is from this medication. Of course my doctor which I visited Friday did not tell me this could be from the medication. It is controlling my BP but don 't like the aches, pains, sneezing and coughing that has accompanied it.
First time using it.  Had discectomy in Feb  '09 and now have Stenosis which required steroid injections which started today.  The Zanaflex worked amazingly quick on the muscles/tissues directly around L4 - L5.  Not doing much for the radiating spasming in the hip/buttocks/thigh though.  Do not seem to be having any real side effects which is key!  Wish it kicked in quicker though and hope it helps with restful sleep at night.  Optomistic!
I got liletta placed in May 2016. I had it placed 7 weeks after I had my second child via csection. The insertion was uncomfortable but bearable for me. The first period I had was extremely long. It was about a month. After that I have had random spotting but not period. I haven 't had any bad side effects and also no weight gain! I like liletta and if you can tough if out that first month of a wacky long period and little spotting I would definitely try it. It was also covered by my insurance 100% so that was also a plus for me.
My 9 y/o daughter was taking this. Started on a 30 MG dose then we kept moving up to 50. The 50 only seemed to make her aggressive at home with her sister and acting odd. Her school also commented that she has not change AT ALL even with the increase in dosage. This is the first ADD medication we have taken so maybe its not the one for her but, frustrating never the less.
This was my first yeast infection. The medicine worked quickly to clear the yeast infection but I woke up the morning after taking the pill with a puffy warm face. That went away later in the day. Later in the week  I had stomach cramping. I did speak with a nurse at my doctors office and she said the medicine wouldn 't cause that. It was the only thing different in my routine so I 'm pretty sure it was the medicine. I don 't think I 'd ever want to take this again.
It cleared my cystitis but I got a rash after 4 days so stopped it.
I went to the ER for severe back pain and they usually gave me Dilaudid but this time they gave me Nubain and it worked for the first fifteen minutes and the pain was right back.
Have very frequent Premature ventricular contractions (PVCs), heart testing said my heart is fine. Put me on metoprolol succinate ER. Been taking for a year now &amp; PVCs are still as often as they were. I see/feel no improvement. Taking at night &amp; valsartan in a.m experiencing BP drops. My BP is very high in the morning, like 167/110, before I take my daily dosage of valsartan. Within 2 hours of taking it my BP hasn 't improved, then at about 5 hours after I take my BP med my BP plummets to like 71/54, sometimes lower. I fall asleep without even realizing it when it happens &amp; sleep for about half hour. BP readings, about 4 times daily, shows PVCs at all times with an infrequent no PVC  reading. Not convinced this med is doing anything for me.
First let me start by saying that WOMEN are different therefore  your bodies will react differently DO NOT expect to get the same results as everyone else in this page. I was totally skeptical about taking Jolivette after reading the reviews, I was convinced that everything that happened to everyone here i was for sure going to experience, specially because I suffer from anxiety,  constipation and other stomach problems. The first 2 days of taking Jolivette I had major headaches, nausea and dizziness so I bought complex B vitamin and took along with almonds and blue berries which helped me a lot. I did spot in between but no major bleeding. So far it 's been good no mood swings or bloated, I will continue to take it.
I got the Nexplanon on April 8, 2014 and so far it 's not so bad. I realized I started breaking out and my face got more oily for maybe 4 days at the most after getting it and I haven 't had acne since. It 's given me confidence in my body and I 've been able to control my meals. After reading most of the reviews no ones really experienced abdominal pains. Well I have and it sucks. I mean to me it kinda gives you symptoms as if you are pregnant but it DEFINITELY prevents pregnancy, promise you that! I just recently started spotting 3 days ago and so far it 's pretty light. Right now I 'm hoping to not bleed for months because I 'm deploying at the end of this month so yea I DO NOT! DO NOT! want to deal with that.
Started taking 100 mg daily at night numbers came down in a week...went to see the Doctor in a month he was happy then he prescribed 300 mg daily...soon after taking this dosage I began to experience an itching on my penis and it was driving me crazy, also experienced more frequent urination along with an insatiable thirst. I was about to schedule an appointment with my urologist until I Googled &quot;Side effects of Invokana&quot;.  The itching wouldn 't stop didn 't know that there were these side effects from this medication and even though it helped bring down my sugar levels I really don 't think its worth the other problems it presents.  I too have experienced a weight loss. It is a good medicine but the side effects aren 't worth it. Sorry
This drug worked for me the first week then stopped working. After being in the hospital for 3 weeks for a bowel obstruction, they began giving me generlac. When I got out of the hospital, I combined the two after each not working on its own and now it works perfectly. If I have an appt and I know I 'll be out, I won 't take it because it generally starts working within an hour of after eating. Sometimes it gives me diarrhea but it 's better than the alternative. I also struggle with chronic pancreatitis and this combo of meds helps
I liked that I had no drowsiness on the medication it only helped with mild back spasms not moderate or severe spasms. I loved that it did help with Gastro intestinal spasms and diarrhea  due to Crohns disease
I had previously been on Orthotricyclen Lo for over a decade before trying something new. I loved ortho lo, but my insurance didn 't cover it anymore. I 've been on microgestin fe 1/20 for 3 packs now and I can 't say I love it. With my previous pill I had no breast tenderness, acne problems, and always got my period like clockwork. Now on microgestin, my boobs hurt constantly. So painful I can 't even wear a bra, but they 're not getting bigger. Acne flares up around week 2. My biggest complaint is that I have not gotten a period on this pill. Some people might think  opposite  of me, but I want a period. Anyways, my Dr said wait it out to the end of the pack and if my symptoms don 't subside that she 'll switch me to Aleese.
I 've been on Ortho Tri-Cyclen Lo for 4 years now. First I used it to control acne then continued to use it for acne and birth control. This birth control has helped tremendously in controlling my acne. I did put on close to 15 pounds, and I 'm only now starting to have luck in taking it off-slowly! My breasts did get a little larger, and I do experience tenderness, tingling, or itchiness sometimes. I have lost most of my sex drive. However, in October 2009 I started experiencing dizzy spells and vision problems that have turned into full-blown migraines, headaches, and body aches. Almost 2 months ago I%u2019ve developed mild-severe digestive problems. Just wanted to share with others. Hope it helps!
First time on provera and I must say I 'm very drowsy. I 've always had irregular periods and my obgyn prescribe provera for me... keeping my fingers crossed 
I have noticed that I have a difficult time sleeping but the worst thing is the yeast infection.  My doctor said this almost always happens on this med with women that have a tendency to get one so you must decide if it is a necessary evil.  I hate antibiotics as a whole, but feel a bit better after only one dose.  I have been taking it at night because I was afraid of the dizziness and other side effects during the day.
Continuing from my last post. I do still get dry mouth and I sweat bad. Now that I have been on it for about 2 in a half weeks I am noticing that it 's not working as well as it was the first couple weeks of taking it. I don 't get energy like I use to and it 's not keeping me awake like it use to. So idk. I 'm still gonna take it hopefully I am losing some weight. I 'll update after I 've been on it for 30 days.
I first got the Skyla inserted in November 2016. After the insertion I checked the placement pretty much every day, and noticed I could feel plastic and not just wire. About a week after initial placement I got to the doctor to check and he replaced it after trying to get the original IUD back in position. The placement both times was mildly painful, no worse than my menstrual cramps.Three days after the replacement I got my period. This lasted for 11 days. After this my periods on average last about 8 days. Before they never lasted longer than 5. I have now had the IUD for 10 months and have given up on my period going away. I primarily got the IUD as easy birth control that I would not have to think about. I am considering other options.
Takes 4 hours for me to pass out. When I do I feel drunk. I sleep a solid 6-7 hrs but still wake up foggy and tired.
The medication did seize my anxiety and panic attacks, although with that in mind, I would never use it again because of the side effects. I was empty, emotionless, depressed, had no worries about others, had to fake a smile or laugh, I honestly felt so hollow - it 's not fun. I think I spent more time thinking about death when I was on the medicine than off of it. It may be a great drug to start with helping your anxiety but I wouldn 't stay on this for long. It changed me 100% and I am still suffering the changes. Also, if you don 't have OCD now, it could start to develop during the treatment.
I got mine in October 2013, I was free of periods for the next 2-3 months but since January 2014 I have had constant bleeding, with a stop of just a few days each month. However, it is very light. I wish it would stop.
Funnily enough, after taking this. I feel more easier to fell asleep during the day than in the night. After a unintentional 12 hours sleep( just couldn 't wake myself up). Was awake for a few hours then was too drowsy and fell asleep again. Really feel these tablets works better during the day than in the night. : (
It works well for a few days, then your body builds a tolerance to it, so you have to take 2 then 3. Sometimes I 'll wake up in the middle of the night wide awake.
I 'd struggled with bulimia and depression  for many years, I was prescribed Prozac to mainly treat my depression, and partly the eating disorder. With my personal experience with bulimia I never had the urges to binge eat, just to make myself vomit after eating proper sized portions of food. I had found that the Prozac had helped stopped the urges to throw up after eating quite effectively. The only side effect being that once I had stopped taking it the urges returned immediately. Currently and trying to battle those thoughts without being prescribed medication, but may go back onto it if I 'm unsuccessful after a year, or so.
I 've been on Loestrin 24 for a month now. My doctor prescribed it because I have had long periods in the past and other symptoms of low estrogen. I am also on Celexa to help stabilize the terrible depression and anxiety I get with my menstrual cycle. I started the pill on the first day of my period and my period stopped for two days and then I spotted for a week and a half before having a full period that lasted 8 days. Then I was without spotting or a period for a week before I made it to the brown pills. On the first day of the brown pills my period started again. So, I 've pretty much been bleeding all month. I had terrible cramps for 4 days on the pill while I was having a full period. I usually don 't get bad cramps.
I 've been using Mirena for 3 years, after initial spotting I have yet to have a period. Once in a great while I 'll spot a little bit. But I 'm having it removed as soon as my husband gets a vasectomy because I am carrying around 15 extra pounds and my mood swings have been bad for all these years. I work out 5x/week and eat clean 90% of the time but cannot lose the weight. I am sick of it. I can 't wait to be free of this. It was a good, convenient form of birth control, just not for me anymore.
I 've started this birth control and its been shy of a month for me. I did experience nauseousness for the first week then it went away. I hardly had an appetite as well. However, I noticed large amounts of hair shedding after I showered each time... and my hair is noticeable feeling thinner than ever before. Very depressing! I had to completely stop taking it.
Took this medicine July 2015- early December 2015 for insomnia, with the dosage at 25 mg, and this stuff really knocked me out for 9 hours straight every night. However, it left groggy until the evening next day, even with Caffiene. Afterwards, I stupidly decided to see if I could go without Trazadone for sleep and I slept really badly for the next month, until I started the Trazadone back up. This time, the Trazadone worked for about 3 days before it stopped working, even with me bumping up the dosage being 100mg. Sure it MAYBE can help with sleep, just don 't develop a reliance on them.
Slow but steady results...Plaques are significantly reduced but whole areas of plaques are left slightly pink. I have new plaques in areas I have never had them before. Hands, forearms and biceps. They are small but a little unsightly due to the location. Whilst the initial titration of the Otezla was generally easy. The maintenance of 30 mg, twice per day is just simply unbearable. I am an up-beat, happy and balanced individual but after 40 days, I started noticing a slight inability to make clear decisions and felt generally gloomy. I also was noticing a lack of happy thoughts and feeling continually malaise. After my family asked me to stop the Otezla, I spoke to my Dermatology group who have reduced the dose to 30mg per day.
Thank you all for the reviews, you have answered my questions regarding Mirena side effects. I 'm 43, 4 babies natural births/no pain medicines. I don 't need birth control/successful vasectomy. I chose Mirena due to heavy bleeding and other pre-menopausal symptoms. My Mirena implant was no worse than a PAP smear until I got off the table. I was so dizzy and nauseous. Next 2 days I was in bed with severe cramping and nausea. After 8 months I still have light bleeding on and off all month. I have gone from 125 to 140 lbs. I have developed headaches that last for many days. My skin and eyes have become very dry and I have developed acne on my face, neck, chest and back. I am always fatigued, moody, hungry and anxious.
I have been taking Janumet for about one year now.  I recently spent some time at the beach and noticed that every time I went to the beach I would experience a rash and itching on my face, chest, arms and back.  The rash would last for about 24 hours.  Otherwise, the Janumet has done a great job in controlling my blood sugars, much better now than with just the metformin alone.
Been on it only 2 days. I 've noticed no appetite and no hunger. But I also feel confused. When I drive I forget where I 'm going and when I realize where I 'm going I forget where I am. I hope this feeling dissipates soon. It 's unsettling.
My experience with Remeron is short.It worked wonders for me, but I stopped it as it causes awful weight gain.21 pounds in 4 weeks. I looked pregnant.  It made me more depressed.I would just eat. It does something to your brain that makes you feel as though you are never full. At night I would sneak food. I could not stop. I was at 30mg. I 've heard 15 mg is worse for weight gain. Also, this drug is also given to elderly patients who are undergoing chemotherapy and also given to people with eating disorders. (Bulimia and anorexia ) As I said. In one respect,  it did Wonders for me with anxiety and depression and stopped the voices in my head and helped me sleep.  But I couldn 't go through gaining any more weight.
I was prescribed this medication by my doctor for on-the-spot anxiety as opposed to constant anxiety because I expressed disinterest in daily doses of anti-depressants and similar medications. This is my first time trying it as I write this review.To make it short and sweet, I rated this 6/10 not because it didn 't work very well, but because it took about an hour for me to feel the full effect. It gets bonus points for NOT causing nausea or any negative side effects that I can sense, unless you consider drowsiness one. Since I took mine at night, it was a plus for my insomnia. Made me very groggy, but not -too- sluggish feeling. Definitely enough to put you out if you lay down. I feel very mellow and generally decent.
Received a seven day prescription for Bactrim and on the 5th day lost appetite, had terrible body aches, and extreme fatigue. On the 6th day, had a fever, and chills too. Stopped the treatment on the 7th day.  Then on the evening of the 8th day developed a rash all over my upper body and face.  Pharmacist recommend Benadryl which helped somewhat.  Having a urinalysis in a week and surely hope it worked and cleared up my urinary tract infection. 
This medicine is ok nothing to be scared of, I hate taking pills and my blood pressure was extremely high so I was prescribed this and I changed the way I ate I 'm 31 years old and healthy otherwise. Within a month(it toke time) my blood pressure was at high risk level which was lower than before. Probably because I still had a lot of weight to lose. I remember feeling tired at first. As I got used to the medicine I was able to hot the gym again.
I have been on Effexor for 3yrs.  The only side effects that have been bad were ones caused when my doctors advised me to increase dose.  This caused me to fall asleep in classes, gave me severe anxiety attacks, paranoia and bi-polar like symptoms.  After taking matters into my own hands and suffering through the horrible withdrawal which felt like being hung over and having the flu at the same time I am on a better dosage.  This dosage has allowed me to continue living my life to an extent.  I do suffer from the mild side effects and am afraid to sleep during the night at times due to the intense dreams that I have.  Overall more good then bad.
My husband didn 't live long enough to tell the effectiveness on his stage 4B Pancreatic Cancer.  Passed away 2 days after 1st chemo with gemcitibine and erlotinib.  No immediate side effects, easy to take.
I have been on Abilify (10mg) for the past 3 weeks. It has been very helpful with my psychosis/hallucinations. I have only hallucinated twice in the past 3 weeks. There have been some complications though. I have experience side effects of nausea, light-headedness, being constantly tired, and dizziness. My depression seems to be lightening up every day and that it wonderful.
I have taken abilify for almost a year now on and off because it makes me gain weight. I 'm now on lamictal, but other than that I did a lot of research to make sure that the abilify is making me gain weight and IT IS!!!!! I gained almost 15 lb in 2 weeks and I could never stop eating. Other than that abilify didn 't work for me long term only short term
Symptoms I had before being put on Cipro were the usual - blood in urine, pressure on bladder, need to pee every 10 seconds even after going, stinging. After being on 500 mg twice almost all the symptoms were gone but the side effects were horrible. I had nausea, headache, diarrhea, drowsiness and some chest pain. The size of the pills are relatively huge too. Not supposed to split them but I did anyway cos it got stuck in my throat and made me throw up my dinner once. I put the split pill into a 00 veggie capsule which makes it easy to swallow and I can 't taste the bitterness.
The withdrawals when coming off Norco 's is the worst feeling ever. Severe anxiety, hard to sleep. After about 7 days the anxiety was less and less, but then I had to get my energy back. I had a hard time walking around the store, very weak. I was on them for my knee for 6 months. Be careful coming off.
I have been taking this medicine due to lower back trouble.  When I first took it, it worked great, now all it does is put me to sleep.
I 've been on Epclusa for a week now and now feel no side effects whatsoever. I did ,however, have some for the first few days. Once I got used to the medicine they went away. I am very thankful to be covered by insurance for this medicine. It 's a good and bad thing. My doctor told me it would only be covered if my liver is in bad shape. Well it 's covered ,which is great, but means my liver is fried. Here 's hoping for a cure and for all of you guys as well!
After 20+ years of taking this medicine it has lead up to hair thinning out severely, full body muscle pain and weakness as a side effect and a possible stroke. It works to get rid of the migraine but this what happens when you take it long term.
How does one know if an MS med works?  It is a crap shoot.  I have lost hair--no big deal.  Most concerned about the accessibility of the packaging.  It is an awful package for people with a neurological disorder.  What is wrong with a bottle?
I 've only been on zarah for almost 2 weeks. I know, that is not long enough, but, I have noticed I become nauseous here and there. My mood changes frequently too. I never had these problems with other birth controls
I am 24 years old and have been on this pill for about a year and a half. I rarely have periods, my last one was about 6 months ago, and when I do have a period it is super light and only lasts about 3 days. I haven 't experienced any cramping, mood swings, intermittent bleeding, etc. while on the pill. The biggest downside is definitely the effect on my sex drive--it is nonexistent since switching to this pill.
I was put on hydrochlorothiazide by my urologist for the prevention of kidney stones. I was a regular producer of a stone every 12-18 months prior to starting hydrochlorothiazide. It has been 5 years and counting without a kidney stone. That 's the up side. The down side is after about 6 months on this medication I had my first bout with gout. Ever since then I regularly have to deal with gout about every other month. I feel like I traded one type of severe, less often pain for a lower, more recurring pain.
After several failed attempts by two different ARNP 's in the same day at a PP clinic, I finally got my IUD placed by an MD at a larger PP location yesterday. First off, the difference between a nurse and a doctor is amazing, ladies. Nurses can 't use drugs--doctors CAN. Bear that in mind if you 're going in for a first time placement! And yes, going in while bleeding probably helped.Not sure how I feel about it yet. Cramps were almost non-existent prior to yesterday evening. They have been sort of going in and out now, very sharp for several minutes, then gone for about an hour or so. At this point, I 'm just hoping my body doesn 't completely reject it.
Not really sure. Had a cortisone shot first which did nothing. I then tried the synvisc one. I really didn 't have much pain from the injection. I still have pain but it 's not as bad as it was. It 's been about a week and a half since I 've gotten it.  From what I 've read it may take Month to get full relief. Will report back later.
I think it works amazing, but I have been taking it for almost a year now and I 'm starting to gain a lot of water weight!!! I started out at 155 and now I am up to 183! This is huge for me! I 'm going to request water pills to take this water weight off
I 'm 19 and have been on the pill since I was 14. I recently changed birth control to Nuvaring and it has its ups and downs. Pros- super convenient, easy to deal with during sex, doesn 't slip out and I can 't feel it during every day activities. As I read the cons of other women, I thought it wouldn 't have pertained to me but some do. Cons- my boyfriend and I feel it during sex so we take it out, it gets me very moody and emotional, if my sex drive was at 100%; it 's now at 40%. I 'm going to stick with it though. You won 't know how it effects you until you try it.
My son has had migraines for years but they only got worse the older he got. The day before the last day of school last year he had such a bad migraine that he had a seizure. Fast forward to the neurologist appointment and she decided to put him on this medication before trying a medication for seizures that she said would help the migraines also. He took this medicine every day in the mornings (it did not make him sleepy at all) for 11 months. He gained 40-45 pounds and the medication stopped working for him. He got the daith piercing and is off the medication now. Migraine free for 3 weeks which is amazing for him! So, it didn 't last for migraines for my son.
I 'm not sure why so many people like this drug for insomnia. First night took 50mg &amp; slept for 5 hours. Second night took 100mg &amp; slept for 6 hours. Third night took 150mg &amp; slept for 7 hours. So I thought everything was cool at 150mg, but after 1 week it started to become less effective &amp; was only getting 4 hours of sleep on 150mg. I would even try to split the dose (take 50mg an hour before bedtime &amp; 100mg at bedtime) but nothing gave. I think Zyprexa works better, but got on this because zyprexa makes you gain weight on ANY dose, while seroquel 's weight gain is more dose related (supposedly). Stopped taking it since it sucks at KEEPING me asleep (though it is good at putting me to sleep).
The sublingual white N8 is not as effective as the orange and neither are as effective as the sublingual strips.
Glad to know I 'm not alone after reading all the reviews. My doctor prescribed this to treat Bronchitis/possible pneumonia. Doc notes and prescription label never said anything about taking with food. The only thing the doc said was to stay out of the sun and avoid caffeine. Horrible stomach churning, major dry heaving every single time after taking this crazy pill  twice a day. For 10 days I dreaded the nauseous, nausea, disgusting feeling. After all that, I 'm still sick. Whomever created this pill is crazy and so is my doctor for prescribing this to me. Amoxicillin has been fine in the past, worst experience with a pill ever. Does the vomiting mean I 'm allergic to doxycycline?
My doctor had hoped that Seroquel could help my depression but Seroquel XR caused a bizarre condition where I couldn 't stop flailing my arms and legs. Now I take 600 mgs of regular Seroquel to help me sleep at night. Does it help with my depression? I don 't think so. At least not to a significant degree. But it does help me sleep!
This medicine does an excellent job of lowering blood pressure but does a poor job of lowering pulse rate trying to lower atrial fibrillation.
Recently diagnosed with type 2 diabetes. Doc put me on 2.5 mg, with little results but side effects. Raised it to 5mg and I feel worse. I am using sample packs and insurance will not cover. I have noticed improvement in my sugar levels but I have felt worse now having started the pills. Nausea, soft stool, headache, dizzy. All of these and sugar reads only 152. Also, I don 't feel rested when I 'm sleeping.
Multiple cervical polyps: I have been taking this medication for 3 months, for 14 days each month. Side effects include increased hunger (actually I am pleased about this as I am rarely hungry and don 't really enjoy food). I have read that it can cause depression, but for me it is the opposite. I am far less depressed and have more energy and feel less overwhelmed.  The effects only last for the 2 weeks that I am taking it each month.  My body seems to love this medicine.  It is too soon to ascertain whether my polyps have shrunk/disappeared.  I am going to be re-tested in three months.  If it hasn 't worked then I am going to try the Mirena coil.
Xanax helps with my condition
I started taking Phentermine 37.5 mg on Monday 11-7-16.   I have felt no change in my body.  I do not have dry mouth, racing heart beat.  I don 't have a lot of extra energy.   I am still hungry.   I am hoping the pill will &quot;kick&quot; in to help me.  I weighed in at 222.9 lbs at 5 '4, on Monday.  I have not lost any weight yet.  My Doctor prescribed this medicine to help me.  I am a little discouraged right now, but will stick with it until I see her again in 4 weeks.
I 've been using Yaz for about 6weeks now and I immediately noticed my skin getting better and my skin getting no clearer. My period has improved so much, it was hell before and now it 's shorter and painless. My sex drive improved as well( I didn 't expect that). The big problem I have are my mood swings. I am a very happy and charismatic person but now I feel anxious all the time, I 'm sensitive over things that wouldn 't bother me at all before. I cry all the time. I 'm often irritable and sometimes just want toscream at everyone. I hate the emotional effects it has on me but i think the positives outweigh the negatives.
Severe Leg pain and swelling in my legs!!Decreased sex driveEasy application
I 've taken countless birth controls mainly because I used to have awful, heavy periods and I have had to switch numerous times due to a problem always arising with the BC I take. I have always had clear skin. Not perfect; a breakout here and there, but nice skin. I have been on June Fe for 2 months now and my skin is horrendous. I have back acne. My chest is even breaking out. I have bumps all over my forehead and cheeks (I have NEVER had acne on my cheeks) and even starting to come up on my neck. Do NOT take this for acne. Luckily, I haven 't had any severe mood swings or depressions which is why I switched BC pills last time. I heard this medication was bad about making you crazy or depressed. All I know is this stuff made me break out bad
I 've been taking Viibryd for 3 weeks now, up to 40 mg, switched from Zoloft.  I find that I have to take it at night to avoid being drowsy during the day, but everyday around 7:00 p.m, I start getting what feels like little electric shocks throughout my body.  
I began taking Clonidine when I was 10 years old (now 20) because I had ADHD and the medication for that kept me up at night. I started on .1 mg &amp; over the first year I was moved up to .3 mg &amp; ever since then I 've just been on the same .3 mg. It has always helped me sleep well &amp; that was never a problem after I began taking it. Although, I quit taking the medication for ADHD many years ago but I am still dependent on the Clonidine. &amp; it isn 't bc I necessarily cannot sleep without it. I often don 't have any problems sleeping without it but if I forget to take it one night I am extremely sick the next day; very dizzy and I just feel off the entire day.
I 've been on many medicines since I found out I had endometriosis back in 2010. I 've went through six surgeries and nearly every medication out there, including IDUS, Nuva Rings, Implanon, birth control pills, shots, etc. I 've been on Aviane now for seven weeks; I have bleed my first three weeks into it, had two weeks of spotting, and now back to bleeding again. I have much faith that the doctor insures me that this medicine takes time to kick in. Over the last three weeks I have gotten headaches, sick to my stomach, bleeding, odd rashes on legs/leg pain. These are very minor side effects compared to some other things I 've tried. Holding out hope that this works. My opinion is everyone should give it a try. Side effects are minor compared to most.
It 's okay
I have more headaches than usual and I am always bloated and hungry with non-stop cravings. The only good thing is that my periods go from light to barely there. I love that aspect. I never had any skin issues so that was not my concern. I take pills to regulate my cycle, which it does. But I can do without the headaches and weight gain.
I took Mirapex for moderate RLS for about a year and it worked like a charm. Then I began to develop side effects bad enough to force me to quit. Eventually, within 30 minutes of taking Mirapex at night I would experience severe nausea and vomiting that would last for hours.
I was on Loestrin for around a year, and I needed to get off of it because it made me very depressed.  I was always moody and upset, and two of my friends told me that Loestrin made them feel like it too.  I 've been off of it for about two months now, and I feel so much better.  Other than the depression, there weren 't many bad side effects.  I just couldn 't deal with the mood changes.
Taking name brand. started 150 1x a day for a week. first day so amazing, energized,went to the gym, positive &amp; for 4 days felt great.5th not so much &amp; by 7th day was feeling back to my depressed self so I upped it to 2 a day. now I go from anxious to flat. feel absolutely nothing, zoned out, very irritable.  vivid dreams &amp; nightmares, kind of can 't separate  dream from reality cause it seems like someone 's in the house &amp; I wake up out of a dead sleep &amp; I 'm not sure if someone 's in the house. going to give this a few more days if things don 't get worse hopefully they 'll get better, if not, not going to take it anymore. I took this because I wanted to avoid weight gain which happened years ago with other SSRIs. hasn 't affected appetite.
The 1st time I tried Contrave, one pill made me so sick to my stomach with vomiting and weird neuro side effects for 2 days. I tried again a couple of months later starting out with 1/4 tablet twice a day and worked up to 1 1/2 tablets twice a day. I have learned to take the meds in the middle of eating a meal and NOT to take near any coffee. I lost 8 lbs without changing my diet in a short time. I did notice my craving for sweets was nil. My dad passed away and I have gotten off Contrave but plan to start out 1  twice a day again and build up to the highest dosage I can tolerate. My cousin has been on the full dose for over 1 year and is STILL continuing to loose.
I will give this birth control a 5/10 for the simple fact that I did not get pregnant for the 2 years I was on it. but I gained probably about 50 lbs (with no change in my eating habits and i 'm even more active), my boyfriend complained about my mood swings, I bled for majority of the time whether it was heavy or light...I just couldn 't deal. I wish I came off of it earlier but I enjoyed not being at risk for pregnancy. I got it taken out today and I can 't wait to get back to normal.
I took citalopram for 3 years until I realized it was the drug that was making so tired.  It certainly helped with my anxiety related issues however, I was needing to go to bed at the same time as my children in the evening.  I have since switched to zoloft and am having much better results as far as energy goes.
I appreciate this drug.  It is an improvement over previous products used for this condition.  Using this product 5 times a day with 2 refills (about a 2 week treatment course) at the out of pocket expense of nearly $1000.00, it certainly could be more effective.  I have to choose between eating or retaining my eyesight, both of which are quality of life issues.  Please work on the cost of this drug for the consumer!
I could breathe better, but I lost my sense of smell
I am on a two week trial. I have been on the medication for 5 days.  I have noticed that soda taste disgusting. Which is a good thing for me. I don 't feel or look as bloated. I have not lost any weight as of yet. I hope that comes soon. I do notice that I am more thirsty and not as hungry. I try to eat at least three times a day so that I don 't &quot;binge&quot;. I have noticed that I am more constipated than normal even with drinking more water. I hope to see weight loss soon. I have been &quot;obese&quot; for some time and very unhappy with myself. This puts a huge wedge into my married life. I also would love to loose weight to take the pressure off my knee, my back, and to reduce my asthma some. I hope this medicine is the key to a new life for me.
I took Azurette for about 4 years. During the first 3 months I had terrible mood swings and acne. My sex drive also decreased significantly. I didn 't experience any weight gain. My periods were light, lasted about 5 days, predictable, and no spotting.
I had unprotected sex on April 30, one day after my period had ended, and took EllaOne the next morning. I didn 't have any side effects at first, except some spotting, but after about 2-3 weeks I experienced medium cramps mainly on the right side of my abdomen (about where the ovary would be I guess) that got more intense after exercising. The cramps lasted for about four days, but I 'm still experiencing mild discomfort in my lower tummy from time to time. I freaked out and took a pregnancy test (20 days after having unprotected sex), which came back negative. My period is due in a few days and I 'm hoping all is well, since I 'm going on a month-long trip in a week...
Caused a rash, so discontinued use.
My daughter is 5 years old diagnosed with CP when she was 2 and had her first seizure March of 2010. Her neurologist put her on Keppra and for a year she didn 't have any seizure. March of this year she had a grand mal seizure and we had to take her twice to the ER. We found out she had RSV and it triggered her seizures. They say it will take 2-3 weeks to clear the virus and the seizure should go away too. Unfortunately for over a month now she is still having seizures almost everyday, sometimes in the morning and at night. We were given Diastat to help with her seizures and also increased the dose of her Keppra, but nothing seems to work anymore.
I had my first Eligard shot recently. It 's difficult to say what side effects I 'm having. Because I have spinal stenosis I have had surgery to relieve pressure on the sciatic nerves on each side and I have edema in both legs and feet as well as pain. There are spots on my feet where I have no feeling with the right foot being more affected. I cannot walk around with something on my feet even if it is just slippers because there are also extremely sensitive spots on my feet. I am also diabetic. I get throbbing and stabbing pains occasionally again with the right foot being more involved.Because I 've been on opioids for 15 years I have not produced much testosterone for a long time. I am presently at 75 ng/dl. Thanks.
I 've had really bad acne since I was 12 and now I 'm 14. I 've been taking it only for a week and its already working. Finally I have no shame in showing off my face in school, well not to much showing off. 
I 've been on Lo loestrin fe for about two months and I have had extreme cyst acne I have bloating on my mid stomach and a  very oily face I am 17.
I started on 5mg and it worked for about a week I am now on 30mg and although I daren 't stop using them I feel that they don 't work as they should with these I am also on high dosage of pregabalin, duloxotine, co-codamol, my condition is getting worse and my patches don 't help as they burn my skin :-(
I received the implant July 2015 and had it removed December 2015, it was my first &amp; last birth control. Although I love not having periods, the weight I gained and my lack of sex drive is what made me remove it. Receiving it and having it removed was easy and fast, no pain in the arm just light bruising. I am excited and I hope my body gets back to normal (I really just want to lose the 25 lbs I gained). I 'm fine with using condoms until I get married. I 've think that any form of birth control can hurt you more than help you. 
I have severe fibromyalgia amongst other things, sometimes it works sometimes it doesn 't. I was expecting this to relieve all of my pain I had very high hopes. Then again everyone is different.
Prescribed 500mg twice daily for BV. Experience wasn 't too bad the first couple days, but then I started feeling extremely tired and had no motivation whatsoever. I also had a severely low mood that felt like a severe bout of PMS (even though it was nowhere near that time of the month). After 3 days, I noticed my hand being numb when I got out of bed; it went away throughout the day. The 4th day, same deal, except this time my arm was still numb at noon. Went to the clinic that prescribed this and they told me to stop taking it, and they said hopefully I had taken enough for my bv symptoms to be cleared up. I started taking probiotic caplets when I stopped the medication in hopes it will boost the good bacteria in the meantime.
I started taking contrave Aug 2017. As of Sept. 14 2017 I 've lost two pounds. I haven 't been exercising like I should (even just walking would be good) but I am a little disappointed. I did make it up to the full dosage of two in the morning and two at night. But I felt so horrible during the day with nausea and medicine head...just really uncomfortable, so I am only taking one in the morning and two at night. I will say that my cravings for sweets and the like have almost disappeared and I no longer want any alcohol. I 'm going to give it one more month to see if it makes a difference in weight....we will see.
My Doctor prescribed this medication to me as well. My blood pressure was 182/103. The medication does work really well. Unfortunately, there are side effects with any drugs. I have had coughing with this drug. It tends to come and go through time. It is beneficial to me because I don 't want to end up on dialysis. That 's what happens when your blood pressure rises and people don 't take care of it. ITS IMPORTANT TO TAKE YOUR MEDICINE BECAUSE HIGH BLOOD PRESSURE AEFECTS YOUR KIDNEYS. So be SMART.
So far it 's worked for me. Notice darker urine since I started the pill.
It has been 14 days on Belviq and I am planning to stop. Took 3 days to notice a change. For the past 12 days I didnt get any of the side effects it talks about except been cold. I have lost 10lbs so far from the 70 I need. Now I realize that it requires determination to want to loose weight because if I wanted, i could have eaten fast food or italian any time without anything to stop me but only myself. I was focus enough to say no and that is the key. The drug help slightly but the person must put of their part to make it successful. It is now 2 days with migranes and cant take my other medication because it has dangerous effects with Belviq. I would say it gave me the encouragement to start but the rest is up to me.
I 've been taking Topamax for about 2 years now, 100 mg a day. I have severe chronic migraines due to my spinal cord. So my doctor put me on this medication.  The only side effect I 've had was the tingling but I get that anyways even before this medication so who knows if it was a side effect. But it works ok for me when I take it regularly but I also have focal seizures so this medication is for both of my problems. But I always take it with my hydrocodone so my migraines are fine.
For  many years Amoxicillin was my drug of choice. Last year it stopped work on me.I had to use  Doxycycline which caused terrible burns all over my skin after 1  week of use. Even  the layer of sunscreen cream  did not prevent the burns. It did not matter - if I stayed in the shade of the tree or if it was not sunny days - I got those burns. Because I had to do multiple jobs outside the house and go to the stores - this side effect created terrible problems for me. For somebody who can stay inside for entire month - this side effect probably non existent. The drug effectively cured the condition.
I 'm giving this medicine a 5/10 because I bleed for over a month. One month two weeks to be exact, and it has also taken my sex drive away completely. I mean 100% I don 't even want to look at a man. I hope my man doesn 't leave me. I 'm thinking about getting off this and moving to Mirena, which is what I originally wanted but the initial cost is so high. When dealing with hormones I know my body will be altered in someway but pity about my sex drive.
I was switched to microgestin after having break through bleeding with tri-sprintec (I had been on it for years prior). I noticed way less bloating! Which was great! I also was more &quot;regular&quot; if you know what I mean. I did feel a little bit moody. I ended up switching to another pill because this one caused my hair to thin out around my hairline. I know that sounds weird but it was pretty noticeable with my hair in a pony tail. I also noticed my scalp hurt a lot and I had slight, but manageable, hormonal pimples on my chin. I think that would have cleared up if I stayed on it longer.
I have been taking Exforge for 10 years. I now have 3 stage kidney failure.  My Doctor told me it wasExforge.
Loestrin 24 was recommended to me by my doctor. I took it for 7 months. I had no physical side effects, just a bit moody in the first week. My problem is with the program itself. I don 't have a great insurance, but since they boast of a discount card, I did that for a while. I only paid 24 dollars until January when they changed their discount program and didn 't inform me. Now, it 's only 24 dollars off the original price (which is somewhere around 90 dollars) - or whatever your insurance will provide. This was upsetting since I was faced with being at the pharmacy counter and having to make the decision to refuse my refill because I didn 't know about the policy change and couldn 't afford it at the time.
Methadone is a wonder drug. It got me away from taking 20 Percocet a day. Now I only take 1 methadone every 3 days.
Legs/ankles swell. Get more sleepless and agitated, jittery.
A couple of weeks ago, I got my first yeast infection in what feels like 3 years. I 've had one before, but I used a different product. I used Azo Yeast pills and they worked amazingly, but sadly, they have decided to go an improve that medicine and it no longer does the job. I decided to try Monistat (3 day plan) and I can say that while inserting the medicine I didn 't feel a burn. That is until about 30 minutes ago, when I woke up to use the bathroom and couldn 't even wipe without the medicine bring everywhere. The side effects of itching and burning are on the box... And I 'm willing to have the pain of the medicine to get rid of this YI.
Had depo for 2 years. Found it was great within those two years,  then decided to give body a break and got last injection in September 2015 and only start getting period back. But anyway the end of February I got thrush for 9 days. Then got my first period 9th March for 2 weeks and straight after that I got thrush AGAIN immediately after them finishing up until yesterday (30th April) and woke up with period yet again this morning. And god knows for how long
son of 3,5 years old has Lyme; received cefuroxime axetil 250 mg oral suspension  21 days. It was hard to find pharmacy that carries this. The pediatrician had to mediate. Our son did a great job taking the medicine, as we used a plastic, injection tof administer it to him. He did fine with that. However. On the bottle it said to shake well before use. The liquid was too thick for shaking. You had to just wait for the goo to come out of the  narrow bottle. When the bottle was &quot;empty&quot; there was a thick layer at the bottom and around the sides. Even thicker than the rest. How can we tell if he got the right amount of medicine? Better to put susp into an open neck jar and stir each time. With Lyme you&quot;re never sure if medication worked.
So far only been a week, but I can 't stop bleeding. I 'll give it a month, but if the bleeding doesn 't stop then I will probably take it out. First time on birth control at 30. So far no other negative side effects aside from the bleeding (moderate) and moderate cramping. Effective as birth control, but I got the implant because I heard that some women might stop having their periods, and thought it would be hassle-free. I will just go back to condoms if the bleeding does not stop. Will keep everyone posted.
Been using temazepam for about 4 months.  The first month, it worked great at 15 mg at bedtime.  The second month, I 'd take one pill, fall asleep for an hour or two then wake up and not be able to fall asleep again.  So, I 'd take another 15 mg pill and fall asleep fast for another 2-3 hours.  Dr increased my dosage to 30 mg. On the third month and it worked great! Now, in my fourth month, I 'm beginning to wake up after a couple of hours again and end-up having to take another pill. Dr is not happy about this and I 'm not sure what he 's gonna do. I really like temazepam, but it seems like I develop a tolerance for it awful quickly. 
Made my skin very sensitive to everything and also a lot of joint pains that I did not have before.  I also noticed a major change in #2 movements.
Reading these reviews are awful. My obgyn prescribed this to me as a vaginal insertion. Two tubes fun twice a day for 5 days. Im already feeling the headache and nausea. Im not ready for these awful side affects ) ':
I took one 300 milligram dose  after a root canal and after 5 hours horrible burning and itching down my back buttocks and ears were unbearable.  I was standing at work when after an hour became light headed and had difficulty in walking. I had to stop every 5 steps to rest my heart was pounding I thought I was having a heart attack. I became nauseaous and extremely hot. I drank lots of water and sat down in front of the AC. I began to feel better. I came home and discovered blisters on my insides of both thighs and calf.  My right hand is red and swollen and my lips are chaff and swollen. My back has a painful rash on it this is my first day one single dose...Never again..
I 've been taking 50mg for 4 weeks now. It does work but it has dulled a lot of my emotions and many things I used to enjoy, I now find boring. I still have some anxiety but it has definitely made me calmer.  Also my sex drive is dead! I 'm a 23 yo male and my previously high sex drive is gone! I also find it super hard to climax. I 'm going to see a doctor about augmenting Zoloft with Wellbutin to counter this effect. This medication is worth a shot but the sexual side effects and boredom are very troubling for me.
Pros: I never became pregnant, I had less frequent and severe cramps and it may have helped with acne although I  started a new regimen around the same time. Cons: within the first month of starting I had a yeast infection and over the next 2 years I would have some kind of vaginal or bladder infection every other month. My libido decreased dramatically and in addition to that I was constantly dry down there. I experienced some dizziness and nausea which is to be expected. Lastly, I became a huge cry baby when I used to be able to count how many times I cried in a year on one hand.
How long has it taken for the full effects of mirtazapine to take place and set in?
I just started using Halobetasol today.  I will come back to write if my condition is getting better
I have fibromyalgia, Sj&ouml;gren 's syndrome and central pain sensitisation. I started taking Low Dose Naltrexone slowly building up to 4mg but felt it too much as it made me feel agitated. Reduced to 3.5mg which is good for me. Initially straight away I felt more energy and my mood lifted. Helped sjogrens considerably - mouth not so dry. Somewhat reduced pain. Sleep better. I 've been on it for 8 month and I get the feeling it 's not working as well now. Maybe my body has got use to it and it 's not as effective. And I have noticed hoarse voice, memory problems, cramping, waking more often in night, and irritability which I read can be side effects. Thinking I may either reduce or go off all together to see what happens. NZ dollars $59 a month.
I 've had anxiety for five years,and started taking Paxil since my first anxiety attack. In all this time I 've been on Paxil, I only had about 2 to 3 attacks. The problem that I have is feeling dizzy or light-headed since my first attack. It wont go away and it makes me feel tired and lazy. Paxil has helped me with the attacks dramatically, but the light-headedness is still there. 
Hi Everyone, I 've recently been offered a very good job in the insurance industry training bank staff on insurance products and doing presentations to different people EVERY DAY. I am an insurance specialist but have never had to present to strangers let alone present to a new bank with new people every day. I 'm in day 3 of my new role, first day went shaky, but okay. Second day went alot better, but this morning my social anxiety got the better of me and I choked in my presentation this morning. My words came out wrong, I started shaking and sweating. I had to get up for a glass of water. I couldn 't continue and I felt embarrassed in from of a crowd of people listening to &quot;the expert&quot;. I blamed it on my asthma. What do I do???
After 12 months of osteoporosis-caused rib fractures, my Dilaudid detox has been less than ideal. Despite using clonidine patches at increasing dosages, I can 't seem to get through those final medicine-free 72 hours, even with the patch.
I know it 's been at least 15 yrs taking this medication. It 's the ONLY one I take. It does the job no anxiety and blood pressure low. I 'm 48yrs old and it does seem like  I 'm experience the few side affects now. I 'm tired,  don 't sleep well, sex drive is decreased. My biggest complaint about the medication is that All OUR doctor 's give us absolutely NO homeopathic alternative!!!! I read All 4 pages of comments and no one has been offered a better solution.I know drugs help but the dependency is beyond belief. A person on here posted a comment about the pharmaceutical industry depend on All of US to use these medications. With out a better solution. To me we 've become drug addicts. There 's gotta be a better,Natural solution to our problems.
I have been on bydureon for over six months.  I have noticed a big improvement in a1c which is now down to 7.1 at last appt.The problem I have is that I get three months at a time since living some distance from the pharmacy in a different town.I am at the end of the three month fill and my blood sugars are jumping.  I suspect that it may have been mishandled by the pharmacy, left out in open, even though I refrigerate it as soon as I get home.  Maybe its something else, but suspect improper handling.Also on metformin and jardiance.
I got my nexplanon in Apirl 20th, 2014, I 've had it for more than a year. Yesterday, I got my period for the first time since i have gotten it. I was so happy to not have a period, and now after more than a year I have gotten one, it makes me really frustrated and upset. With this birth control, I have noticed a lot of mood swings. where one minute I 'll be perfectly fine, than the next minute I 'll notice something thats out of place and freak out, so I feel like I 'm crazy. I have gained weight from this birth control, which is whatever, but it sucks not fitting into my pants anymore. I honestly don 't think i 'm going to be going back on the nexplanon train due to the fact that my period came from no where.
I had my thyroid removed almost a year ago and I can agree that while I have not lost any weight using this drug I have not gained any either.  I have had horrible mood swings and lost a great deal of my hair.  My Doctor refuses to change the dosage because she says &quot;I 'm within normal range&quot; whatever that means? I do feel like I 'm experiencing memory loss or having problems concentrating.
I have struggled with IBS-D for 16 years. I 've been in every medication available including antidepressants, bentyl, loperimide, lotronex, colestramine and many others. The Viberzi seems to control the diarrhea, but I am experiencing debilitating gas. Especially in the mornings but it lasts throughout the day. It 's not just inconvenient, it 's painful and uncontrollable. I want this medicine to be the one! I just don 't know how to combat the gas. I am also having abdominal pain but will stay the course to see if these subside.
Was on Bydureon and my insurance quit covering it. It worked really well. Now I have to use Tanzeum which does not work nearly as well. May need to up the dosage.
I have been on the depo shot since I was 15! (11 years now) I love the shot I have never had an issue, after my first couple weeks on it I never got a period again unless I missed a shot and had to wait for a period to get it again. I swear by it one of the greatest thing you don 't forget to take it daily no cramps no period nothing up your private area. Until this past year, issues I have been having all added up and led to this shot. I 'm 26 years old and have osteoporosis that of an 80 year old, the smaller of my breast became 2 sizes larger, my migraines increased to weekly with vision loss, itchy sore breasts, random stomach pains and nausea. Also I have not changed my eating habits or daily routine I have out on 25lbs in the past 6mon.
I started taking prednisone just a couple of days ago (take my last dose tomorrow). In September I received a very bad case of pneumonia. I have been having very bad breathing problems since then. The only thing the doctors can come up with is extreme inflammation. The first day I took these medicines (4 on the first day) I felt AMAZING, best I have felt in months. It didn 't last though, next day took 3.... felt okay.... today 2.... felt like my usually crappy self.  So I didn 't have such a good experience with it, except for that first day. Gosh I could cry thinking about how great it made me feel.
im 16 and ive been taking this for about 8 months now. it works, i havent gotten pregnant, but it hasnt really regulated my period. a couple months ago, i had my period for 3 weeks straight despite taking the pill. also, it absolutely killed my sex drive which is very annoying. ive had depression for about 5 years now and i dont know if taking tri cyclen lo made it worse, but it definitely didnt help.
After three years of constant downs with behavior, my son was finally diagnosed with ADHD at six. We&rsquo;ve tried 10 mg ($60), 20mg ($99) and 30mg ($104)- all of which has worked for about a 1- 1.5 months and then stops. Our pros (when it is working): concentration improved (could actually sit down and read a chapter book), hyperactivity calmed down, but not enough to make him sluggish and school attitude improved. Cons: didn&rsquo;t last long during the day as well as it stopped working after a month of taking every day as well as loss of appetite (lost 5 lbs over the last 5 months). Since we keep plateauing his doctor has switched him to Vyvanse.
Imitrex is the best medication for migraines I have taken so far. When I first started using it I would get the loopy feeling and slight dizziness. Normal right? But after a month or two and a few more uses of this medication, I started get a burning sensation in my head, behind my eyes and progressively got worse with each time I took it. The side effects have gotten so bad that now I get cold/hot sweats, the burning sensation in my head, and vomiting. I have now switched to a medication that is the prescription strength of Motrin which works just as well.
I am 27 yo never had a yeast infection before. I had mild itching and some discharge, and it was worse at the front. I got a cream and all was well... then looking at the cream I noticed it 's not an antifungal so I want back and got the egg insert 1 day treatment and right before bed last night put it in then went to sleep. I am legit a pretty tough cookie. The insert turned all my symptoms up 2 notches, itch, discharge, and now I have a warmth or mild burn to my entrance . I didn 't actully itch myself till after the insert. I couldn 't take it. Well its the next morning still got a warmth to my entrance but nothing like described above.
side effects RARE
I was diagnosed with Systemic Lupus Erythematosus after about 3 months of tests and suffering at the age of 14. Not long after that I had a terrible episode and had to be hospitalized. I was put on 40mg. The side effects are horrible. I got the &quot;chipmunk cheeks&quot; or &quot;moon face&quot;, I lost a lot of hair, I had extra hair in weird places, I had terrible insomnia, and I had a lot of water retention. People that I knew didn 't recognize me. I was then lowered too quickly off prednisone and got an even worse episode. I was put on 100mg and it was horrible! But prednisone did save my life. I have long term effects like osteopenia, lowered immunity and stomach problems. I am now 34, been on it 20 yrs! Saved my life. There were no other options when they put you on Prednisone.
My daughter (16) was prescribed Doryx 150 mg 2 x day for Lyme disease after exhausting all other antibiotics and her symptoms returned. After two doses she started to experience paranoia and anxiety. Could this be herxheimer 's reaction meaning it is working (resurgence or original symptoms of Lyme disease) or is this a severe adverse reaction? 
I took Ortho Tri-Cyclen because this is what I received from the health department for free when I didn 't have insurance and was a poor full time student. I was taking this for about 4 years. The best thing about it is that I never got pregnant. However, I had extremely heavy periods lasting 5-6 days until it was finished completely; painful cramps, spotting lightly at times, spotting heavily; mood swings; fatigue and recurrent yeast infections. I finally made it back to my regular OBGYN after getting insurance again and she placed me on Beyaz. So far so good.
I have had the Implanon birth control for almost 2 years now.  Ever since I have got it my sex drive has gone up, which is great, on the other hand though I bleed like crazy!  I will have a period for a week to 2 months sometimes.  Other times I will have my period then two weeks later have another one.  The bleeding is the only part that drives me insane.  I did gain a little bit of weight but it seems like most people always gain some weight when using a birth control.  Lately though,  I keep having thoughts and feelings that I am pregnant.  I don 't usually have cramps but the last 2 times I bled I was in severe pain.
Was prescribed for anxiety/obsessive thoughts. Couldn 't make it to max therapeutic dose -- at 200mg the medication caused me to lose my voice for over 2 months. As soon as the medication was stopped, my voice came back.
Abilify has been useful to me in terms of sleep and improving my insomnia, but I still have to be treated with a mood stabilizer, like Lithium, in order to keep my bipolar episodes under control. The good news is that it did not cause (I was at 10MG daily) weight gain like Zyprexa. Good luck to all of you!
Dr put me on pristiq because I was having a bad time dealing with the loss of a loved one. It 's my first medication and have been on it for 9 months, Although it has relieved my mild anxiety I have decided that this or any other medication isnt for me.The weight gain has pprobably been the worst and only side effect for me, after 3 months I piled on 10kgs. On my pharmacists advice I have been lowering my dose on alternate days and am now on my third day without taking it. I feel like im a little tipsy/heavy headed by the end of the day and that 's all so far but is bareable and I still manage to go about my day as normal, hopefully this doesn 't last long. I have never experienced brain zaps either
I am 21 years old, First time on birth control although I had looked into options before but decided I wanted to have a baby. I had a miscarriage a month ago now I don 't want to have a baby so close after so I needed a B.C. method I wasn 't going to forget (pills) or have to go in regularly for (depo) so this seems like a good fit. Insertion was painful but it only lasted about 2/3 minutes and felt like sharp pinching/poking. I feel some cramps (not too bad) and some spotting. I read other women went when they were on their period I still hadn 't had my period again but when I do it 's moderate lasts about 4 days. I get more cramping then bleeding. I will update with how it affects my period or if cramps continue because this is just day 1
My experience is different from many of the people posting here. I 've never been that good about tracking when I 'm fertile, but I do have very regular periods. Several months ago, I had unprotected sex a few days after my period ended and took Plan B within 72 hours. About a week before my expected period, I had very light spotting for maybe an hour. Then it stopped. Two weeks later, I still had not gotten my period, so I took a test, and it was positive. Please realize that while Plan B is highly effective (I 'd used it with success before and am wholeheartedly in favor of it being available to everyone on demand), it 's not foolproof and shouldn 't replace contraception.
I came here to see if anyone else was dealing with what I am. I am almost finished with my first pack and finding myself miserable at night.At first like many here, I was finding relief and felt &quot; yes finally a drug without side effects&quot; but then the twitching and sweats started. Now I am in surgical menopause so I am quite familiar with Hot Flashes and night sweats, but since being on estrogen I haven 't had those problems. On this medication the night sweats are so bad it disrupts my sleep. Last night I literally was up all night.  I had that kind of &quot;sleep&quot; where your brain is up but your body is relaxed. I 'm starting to feel that it 's not worth it. I too have osteoarthritis in my shoulder and it 's horrible and wakes me up as well.
I have been taking this medicine for several months now and I have noticed some things that have occurred which is making me very  scared because it is messing with my body in a very bad way! The first thing that started was the headaches then the rest started showing up daily like depression , nausea , stomach aches, swelling  of my legs, feet, ankles, hands it 's like  I 'm  retaining  fluid  all over my body, blurred vision, nose bleeds! I haven 't read  up on the side effects  yet but I 'm sure I 'm not going  to be surprised if it 's  on the list.I  didn 't  have these side effects when I was taking Morphine without the extra ingredient like the Ebedea has and now my Insurance will only pay for this medication and it cost $1300 a month!!
I have taken Spiriva, more so in hot humid weather than in cooler weather, for 2 years and after 1 year did notice substantial difference in halos around lights especially driving at night, so much so, that I stopped driving at night.  Last eye exam in March of this year indicates I have cataracts.  I looked at full Spiriva Pharmaceutical description and in lab tests, this drug did cause cataracts in dogs.  So, now I am up for cataract surgery.  What does the FDA Protect?
I have been on Nora-BE for 2 full yrs now, prescribed post D&amp;C for heavy bleeding and birth control. I have bad fibroids. It didn 't really help with the bleeding at all. Fibroids won that battle, so I recently had UAE procedure. Night and day! Dr said normal periods would resume 2-4 months after UAE, and to keep taking Nora-BE. Now, 6 mos post UAE, not sure when/if period is coming. Didn 't last month at all. Lots of spotting though..maybe this is my period?? But spotting lasts longer than my 5 day period, more like 8-12, kind of annoying. Thought the itchiness was just me, but now that I read other users experience as well... I 'm connecting the dots. Definitely weight gain, approx 8-10 lbs. Breast tenderness, acne, questioning whether to continue.
I 've had Implanon since November and I 've only had a couple of periods, NO cramps or PMS. My sex drive has gone down and my weight has gone up by about 50lbs and its hard to get off considering I don 't have a period to get rid of the retained fluid but all in all I love that I haven 't got pregnant.
Although it helped with the headaches associated with a concussion it caused major itching and hives.
I was very tired the first week, but after pushing through it I felt better.  Headaches took about 2-3 weeks to go away, but they were gone.  I had been having headaches almost daily and they were getting severe.  I felt pain free, HOWEVER, I felt like my IQ had dropped about 20 points.  I couldnt think of things quickly anymore and it was getting worse.  My typing was getting worse and I was forgetting everyday things like family members names.  I pulled backwards out of my driveway one day and with myself turned around looking out the rear window, I couldnt orient myself to figure out which side of the road to be on.  I was on Elavil for almost 2 months.  I took myself off 1 week ago.  Headaches are coming back, but my memory is returning
Although Qsymia was very effective in helping me curb my appetite and helped me lose weight - lost about 20 lbs in about 5 - it was slow, but was losing and that was great because I wasn 't gaining.  Problem is if you don 't ultimately change your overall eating habits and unless you want to stay on Qsymia forever - at $130/month - or more - depending on your insurance and any discounts that might be available - you will gain your weight back.  Personally, I don 't want another &quot;temporary&quot; fix....and I don 't want to pay $130 +/month to manage my weight....I need to change my mind set....it 's all in your mind - if you keep the focus and you want to lose weight you will....that 's what I 'm telling myself....I need to focus!
I had been on Lyrica and Zoloft. My doctor had me wean off them and then started with Savella.  My muscle pain is much improved and I have only been on it for 2 weeks.  The  'brain fog ' I was experiencing with the other medications is going away. The most irritating side effect I have is hot flashes, which could also be caused by weaning off Lyrica and Zoloft.  I hope those go away soon.
I am on this drug for 10 months now.   The negative effects I believe can be reversed if other supplements are taken along with it.   I say this because I take them everyday and so far, the only bad effect is having cognitive dysfunction and other than that I have no joint pain, thinning hair, depressionetc.   BTW, the large mass in my right breast have decreased in size dramatically because I topically apply DMSO every night and take Iodoral(50mg) once a day.   These are the supplements/vitamins I take daily:   9,000mg. Vit.C,  2,000mg. MSM,  IP6/Inositol 24 capsules,  Vit D3,  Vit. K2,  Boron,  DMG, Potassium,  Ferrous Sulfate,  Magnesium,  Strontium,  Copper,  Zinc,  Vit B17(3x), and  Powdered Hydrolized Collagen.
The drug seems to be helping, but the side effects are bad. I am experiencing every one of them and the hot flashes are constant. It will only be worth it if the pain from the Endometriosis is gone.
I 'm 29 and this is my second time in less than two months having to take moviprep. They couldn 't complete the colonoscopy the first time around. Everyone has different side effects but for me it makes me so sick. I have to get a colonoscopy every two years and this terrifies me. I 'm very petite and my stomach just doesn 't hold out to 2L of it. I took the first batch at 5pm and took me 2hrs. 2nd batch not so easy. Started at 9pm and it 's now 10.30pm and I can 't stop vomiting. I 've drunk half of the 2nd batch and my bowel is clear so I 'm hoping that will be enough for my colonoscopy tomorrow. The no eating and sitting on toilet doesn 't bother me at all, I wish there was something less nauseating!
Had a ingrown toenail infection. Was given 500mg keflex taken 4 times a day for 7 days.It is working and I have no pain in my toe. However... so far I 've had diarrhea, stomach pain, extreme tiredness and weakness, dizzy spells, yellow skin, loss of appetite, nauseous, red scratchy eyes. So most of the usual stuff. The long and short of it is my toe will be healed as long as I can deal with the side effects for a few more days.
I started taking Lyrica about 8 months ago. In about 3 days I had felt a significant change. It was working great for my Fibro, but I also have spinal arthritis. It did nothing for that or my sciatica. Finally I was bumped up to high dose, but do to other things in life I had to stop because of financial difficulties. I couldn 't even afford copays. So I 'm on gabapentin and it barely works. If I could, I would get back on Lyrica!                              Thank you all for sharing your experiences!
Wellbutrin was without a doubt the most effect antidepressant I 've ever taken. Unfortunately, a month and a half into treatment on 150mg XL/day I started getting cystic acne. It was terrible and I knew it had to be the Wellbutrin so I looked online and noticed other people complaining about getting Acne as well. It was terrible, it only made my depression worse because I had this big cystic lumps on my face. A month after tapering off and taking antibiotics prescribed by my dermatologist it finally went away but I went back to being depressed.
I was on Lyrica for 2 years. At first it was fabulous! But over time I needed to keep increasing the dosage to get the same result. The side effects were bad for me. In the two years I was on it I gained 60 lbs and my hair started falling out. I have since switched to Neurontin with no side effects and my hair is slowly coming back. Lyrica was a miracle for me for about 18 months but as they say all good things must come to an end.
I 've been on Adipex for 6 days now and have lost 12 pounds.  I 'm really happy about that but I 've had constant diarrhea every day since then and have become very dehydrated.  Be cautious of the side effects.
So I 'm on night two of the treatment.. Some ladies experience the burning itching because their infection is severe and there is lots of irritation..I haven 't gotten that and although it 's still there my symptoms have gotten better no doubt.. Hopefully it gets better by tomorrow..
I took this for depression and chronic back pain. This was an extreme appetite suppressant for me.  It worked somewhat for depression, but nothing fabulous.  It mostly made me very, very sleepy and physically exhausted.
I took 2 tablets. An hour later, I started to feel nausea and vomited.  It relieved consipation within 3 hours.
Overall- I 'd say that Adderall XR is better than Adderall IR. Sometimes I feel faint on Adderall XR. I can 't take it every day because I get too tired. I have weird side effects with medications. I usually get all of the side effects when I take medications. I also have depression too. Hopefully, Dexedrine will work.
When I moved in March the new pharmacy carries this birth control for my insurance. This month I was finally able to switch back to Marlissa. Even though it 's the same dose of hormones, my body completely rejected the Levora. It made me so crampy, stopped getting periods at the end of the month and got them at weird random times, nauseous and severe headaches. This never happened on Marlissa. Luckily my pharmacy was able to order Marlissa under my insurance because Levora is downright awful. There are tons of brands for a reason: every body responds to different kinds of medications and their brands! Inactive ingredients play a huge role people don 't think about. Try out some and see what works for you- keeps you regular and keeps the cramps away
I took Latuda 20mg for 2 weeks. Was taking Abilify and had gained 8 pounds. Thought Latuda would help me lose weight but made me ravenous and gained 3 lbs in 4 days.  Went back on Abilify.
Our son was diagnosed with ADD when he was in grade 5-he was started on vyvanse and after a few months and a dose increase developed psychotic episodes.  This experience scared the life out of me so we stopped the drug and revisited pharmaceuticals with our pediatrician.She suggested Intuniv and we tried it. Our son has been on the drug now for almost 4 years-he is on the max dose for his age (3 mg) (?) and I honestly can 't see if there is a difference.  He has had no visible side effects-nothing like I have been reading about above. If anything he has put on weight (it is not a stimulant).We are going to try weaning him off in the next few months to see if there is a difference in schoolwork and to see if the med is really working.
Today is my 6th day on chantex I 've been smoking for 13 years I 'm 25 years old. I 've noticed a small cut down in my normal pack a day and I I am more likely to half a cig then smoke the whole thing.  Everything tastes different and I am very tired no vivid dreams surprisingly but I have a lot of trouble falling asleep. I really need this to work I have been using my inhaler a lot the last month or so crossing my fingers it works for me
Was given this after three wisdom teeth were taken out.  Can 't say it made a big difference in the pain though I don 't know what it would have been like without it. It was definitely not enough to stop the pain.  Had to resort to the hydrocodone to withstand the pain. That was better than Toradol.  So overall, not a big fan of the Toradol.
I just finished my first pack. The pros: I 've lost 13lbs, my face is less oily, and my mood is better then it was. The cons: I too craved sugar after starting this pill, I had hair loss the first few weeks, my vision has became a problem especially in florescent lighting, started having headaches, I feel more tired and breathing has become heaver then normal, and breast tenderness. 
I have been dealing with depression since 1990 and run the whole inventory of SSRI 's available.  Prozac was effective the first 2 years then became ineffective. The only drug that has helped me for an extended period of time was Paxil.  Paxil eventually became ineffective after 5 years. So the wonder drug Cymbalta comes on the scene and I thought I had finally found the magical cure. I 've been on 60 mg of Cymbalta for about a year and once again the roof is caving in and very abruptly. This past week I 've been suicidal for 3 days.  Why? The circumstances in my life that so often can trigger anxiety or depression are the same as always.  How can an SSRI become instantaneously ineffective?  I 'm not raving about Cymbalta any longer.
I tested positive for Influenza A on Tuesday afternoon, I took my first dose of Tamiflu that night. Had a fever over night but then my temp broke by Wednesday morning, so that was the last time I had a fever and today is now Sunday.My only 2 complaints about the Tamiflu is that it made me incredibly nauseous every time I took it and I also got bad headaches from it too.
I 'll break down my experience with parts of this birth control for you.1) skin: totally cleared up my skin. EXCELLENT for that.2) birth control: its the only form of contraceptive I use, and so far...no babies. A .3) cravings: its hard for me to say, because I 've ALWAYS craved carbohydrates and sugar anyways, so. neutral.4) periods: on time. No break through bleeding.5) mood: 100% TERRIBLE. I can not emphasize this enough. NOTHING will be wrong in my life, and I literally wont be able to stop crying. Yesterday, I think I started crying at 8am and continued crying at hour intervals until I fell asleep at 9:30pm. I get frustrated now over tiny things. I have mood swings. I act irrationally. But mainly I just cry. ALL. THE. TIME. and I 'm just constantly sad.
I 'm half way through my third pack and my face has been continuously breaking out so bad since I started taking Apri. My complexion is literally better off it, rather than on it. However, it has helped my periods but if my skin is still bad after I finish this pack, I 'm switching to a different pill.
Insertion was done on 6/16/2016. My doctor did advise me to take ibuprofen 600mg at least an hour and half prior to my visit. Followed her directions yet insertion was still painful. It took about less than three minutes, but the pain was immediate. I drove myself home which was a huge mistake. I cried while driving on my way home from the pain! Since then, I have not had a day where I don 't take ibuprofen for my cramps. My cramps are really disrupting and occur ONLY when I am active at work. Over this past weekend, I decided to stop taking ibuprofen because I knew I would be drinking that weekend. The pain stopped all weekend but come Monday at noon after my lunch, my cramps came back and they came back stronger.
Just started but saw girlyq 's post and had to mention to have your thyroid checked. Being cold all the time is a hypothyroid issue. I 'll update if I lose any weight.  5 '6&quot; 295lbs 34 female
My wife has suffered from RLS for 8 years. Mirapex is the only drug she has been prescribed that allow her a full nights sleep. We 've worked and are working on alternative treatments using supplements/exercise but so far all we 've been able to do is drop her dose from 3 to 1 tablet every evening.Side effects nearly destroyed our 25 year marriage. Compulsive behavior in shopping/gambling/cheating over the last 3 years. Be very careful with this drug, be honest with your family/friends and you can deal with it.I wonder how many of the users on here actually have compulsive behavior caused by this drug but don 't realize it ?
I 've been on NuvaRing for 3 months.  I chose Nuvaring because I knew I couldn 't be trusted with taking a pill everyday but wanted birth control to help regulate my periods, ease mood swings, and clear skin.  On Nuvaring still have mood swings, more headaches now, at times feel very tired, still have bad breakouts and also an almost non existent sex drive.  I assumed all this was because I was home with 3 little kids, until I noticed a pattern while on the Nuvaring.  Three days after I take the ring out, I have a surge of sexual desire (also this is when my period starts, figures).  I 'm going to stick with it for another 2 months to see how it goes, meanwhile I 'm going to talk with my doctor again about better options.
I started this birth control six months ago. I was prescribed it for Polycystic Ovarian Syndrome and mild Endometrioses. It helped quite a bit with my frequent periods and cystic acne. However, I had constant spotting for the six months I was taking it. I took the pill at the same time every single night and I would still spot! I know this is common with this pill since it is supposed to give you 4 periods a year, but I couldn 't take the spotting anymore. I also have absolutely no sex drive. 
I 'm 17 years old, I was on the pill at first but I got off because I was ALWAYS moody! So I got on Depo so far it 's been okay, but since I 've been on it my face has started peeling. I 'm always putting lotion on my face.
I received the depo shot in September 2015. I did bleed for the first month.. The following month I began spotting... I began having a full period in December 2015 It is now February 2016 &amp; I am still bleeding... Nonstop!!!!! Help!!!!!!!
First off I would like to say none of these medications are effective to me, they have never helped me in any considerable way. I was diagnosed schizophrenic but for the most part it was the anxiety controlling my life, never the hallucinations. Every medication on the market besides two or three cause an enormous amount of weight gain and intolerable side effects with no legal recourse if encountered. The pharmaceutical industry has hired many attorneys and lobbyists to destroy all liability in the event of a potential hazardous or death inducing side effect for the most part. In California it is impossible to sue a doctor (psychiatrist) who commits malpractice due to the cap on awards. It 's all snake oil but with actual side effects.
Had a prostate biopsy done (June 2017) which resulted in a severe infection. Chills, temp was 103.7, peeing blood. Had to be rushed to the ER and a central line put into my neck for antibiotics and fluids. I was in the ER for 2.5 days and released thank God. They saved my life. Doctor prescribed Cefdinir 300mg x 2 for the next 42 days to ensure the infection was destroyed. OK at first but started getting dizziness the last week. Starting tomorrow I 'm off of Cefdinir and we will see how it goes. God bless you all and good health
Oh my goodness the heartburn. It is almost unbearable. And just like with any other antibiotic it seems, there is diarrhea. Just make sure to drink lots of water with this and pray you get through all the pills as quick as possible!
Celexa was the first medication I was ever put on for mild depression, stress and anxiety mostly stemming from my stressful work environment (prison). I felt no difference with this medication, and I was nauseous as a side effect. Doctor switched me to Wellbutrin, which did not work, and then to Effexor, which is a wonder drug.
Not effective for severe arthritis pain in lower lumbar and hips. Only takes edge off.
I used prozac in the past for 3-9 months twice and had no side effects apart from some headache for a few weeks. Now I have been on it again for 3 weeks and this time I am suffering SEVERE side effects. Physical ones include heavy fogginess/head pressure, sleeplessness, muscle tension, blurred vision and loss of appetite and weight loss. Mentally I have also worsened. Anxiety is really high, especially in the mornings, feelings of hopelessness an inability to cope with life, suicidal thoughts (that I never really had before), inability to focus/read and feel motivated. Now at 3 weeks I have some moments in the afternoon of feeling calmer but it is rather unpleasant numbness. I hope it improves going forward, but it has been very tough.
I have been on Epclusa for 10 weeks. No side effects, and was undetectable at week 5. I just found out it came back so I am not really hopeful right now about being cured. How does it come back while I 'm taking the medication?
I was prescribed Cephalexin for tonsilitis, which seemed weird seeing that it doesn 't appear to be a common illness for this medication. After taking the pills for 2 days my sore throat improved a lot but I started breaking out into a red, itchy rash all over my body. I guess this is just an allergic reaction but Cephalexin did seem to improve my tonsilitis.
I have been taking Zyprexa for  over a month and it just recently started making me sleep over 14+hours a night. I am tired and unmotivated.  The anxiety has slowed way down but is not completely gone.  I take 5mg per night and I also take Ativan 3 times a day.
I 've  gained  about 20 lbs in the past 3 months, a cup size &amp; have tender breasts, but no other side effects. Was switched to this pill for my polycystic ovarian syndrome after using Lo Loestrin Fe for over year and had a lot of breakthrough bleeding. I used the Lo Loestrin in combination with Premarin until my doctor decided to switch me over.
I was diagnosed with PCOS which caused abnormal periods to the point where I wasn 't having them for years. When I was diagnosed at 14 with it they immediately put me on Tri-Previfem. For the first 6 months everything was going great. Then the mood swings started, I suffered from depression before and then this just made it worst. I couldn 't stop crying and never wanted to get oh of bed. Last week I stopped taking this and switched to Junel FE. For birth control and acne and period regulator I 'd give this a 10/10 but wouldn 't consider being on it for two years or long like I was because it can greatly mess with your emotions.
I 'm a mother of two and my youngest is 5 so I can no longer use the baby fat excuse. I spoke to my doctor and she told me that I am very unhealthy and I need to make a life-altering decision. I finally did I want to live a longer life. I 'm 27 years old I 'm 4ft 11in. March 16, 2017 was my first day taking Phentermine. I weighed in at a 187lb. March 18, 2017 I just weighed myself I 'm 185. This is the beginning and I 've lost 2 pounds. When you know you 've lost a pound in day any side effects are worth it. I 'm currently experiencing dry mouth, nausea, it is definitely an appetite suppressant because I haven 't been hungry.  I can 't wait to see the effects by next week!
Before Depakote, I 've tried vitamin B2, verapamil, and Topamax, but for one reason or another none of them have worked. About 6 months ago, my doctor started me on Depakote. Once I started using it, my daily headaches became a lot more tolerable, but haven 't gone away completely, and my severe migraines are at about once a month. However, like many others, there was a noticeable weight gain--about 20 pounds--soon after I started, and it 's been pretty steady since. I 've also had a bout of depression recently, but it 's hard to tell how that 's related to the medicine because it isn 't my first time. As of right now, I 'm not sure the minor benefits are worth the side effects.
The insertion was easy. I experienced mild cramping.  I took two ibuprofen before I went in, maybe that helped. Off and on that first week,  i took ibuprofen for the cramping. I had it inserted about 1 month ago and since then I 've had a light flow. Three days ago,  I got my period. It 's not heavier than in the past but it 's definitely a period. I 've read that for most women the bleeding stops within 30 days. For some it takes longer. If you decide to use this birth control,  be prepared to wait it out.
I 've been on abilify for almost a month the only side effect I have is waking up in the middle of the night a few times I have actually lost 12 pounds I am eating good and drinking plenty of water so I 'm sure that helps I 'm also on Zoloft and topamax all in all it 's a much better drug than my previous geodon I would recommend it
This is my first night using monistat 7. I can tell you that the itching was so irritating...almost unbearable. But, after about 15 or so minutes, it subsided. I do still have itching, but it 's much better. I 'm hoping it gets better and everything gets back to normal down there
Been on this pill for about 2 years. First birth control pill I 've ever been on, so I have nothing to compare it to. For about the first year, this pill was great. Never gained weight, never had acne. My hormones never seemed to go crazy. However, my periods have seemed to get worse with the pill. On average before the pill, my period came for 5 days. I didn 't have major cramping or extremely heavy bleeding. On the pill, I seem to have the opposite. My cramps are so bad that sometimes I get in the fetal position on the bed and hold a heating pad to my stomach. I 've had periods skip before, but now for the past 3 or 4 months, I 've had spotting between periods. I get a period basically every 2 weeks now, and they last for 6-7 days.
I took it after not using a condom just 4 days after my normal period. Later that day I felt sick, emotional, and dizzy. The next day I felt better. The second day I felt sick again, dizzy, nauseas, lower abdomen cramps, and very emotional. I woke up feeling depressed, then by the afternoon it turned to feeling edgy and angry like very intense PMS that I 've never experienced before. On the fifth day after taking it I started my period which lasted 5 days with heavy- to normal period bleeding. Then it tapered off to low flow spot bleeding, noticeable most when urinating or sex. Some days it 's heavier than others, this is still going on 7 days after the 2nd period. It worked but it 's miserable.
I am a 24 year old male who has been on dexmethylphendate 20 mg for a few years.  I find this medication is very helpful for studying but it occasionally causes panic attacks where I feel as if I am having a heart attack or stroke.  I feel my heart race and my left arm and face feel a little numb and a start shacking.  However when my doctor tests my blood pressure and EKG every thing is normal except a slightly fast heart rate.
I 've been so interested to find out what others think about Elidel. I 've been suffering with eczema all my life. I was recently given Elidel to try but I literally want to rip my skin off after I apply it. It makes my face so hot and painful! Such a pity because I know it 's suppose to be great! Anyone else feel this?
I have been on BeYaz for 5 months now. I was switched from a normal hormone birth control because it caused terrible breakouts (which I had never had in my life) as well as severe mood swings. At first, I really liked BeYaz. It cleared my skin back up to normal and I didn 't notice any changes. Now I am starting to get extremely agitated at the smallest things, crying for no reason, extreme headaches, and am getting cramps like I used to without birth control. I am considering getting off birth control altogether.
I have titrated up to SR 450 MG, at that level for about 3 weeks. This medication has not yet helped with the head pain. However, the boost of positivity and eagerness for life has been great. Very noticeable increase in &quot;sexual desires&quot;. Trouble sleeping, a bit jittery at times and lightheaded (due to my lower blood pressure).-I am an 18 year old Female, being treated at MHNI in Ann Arbor, MI-Currently trying Botox -Treated in the hospital 10 days and have tried many other medicationsHope this was helpful for someone out there.
Had since 10/15. Definitely works as birth control. But thats only when I can give it the purpose of being birth control. I 'll have a heavy period for a week to a week and a half then it 'll break for a couple days, then I 'll start again, but lighter. Then break for a couple days, then start again but lighter. this will keep going for a few weeks until I 'll be free for maybe a week, until it starts again from the top. I haven 't had some of the more severe side effects, but it seems to be an inconvenience when I have to worry about if Im bleeding through my pants, especially when it 's summer and I 'm always out and about or working, and I dont always remember to grab tampons or pantiliners. it was pretty regular the first few months though...
Just finished coming of Oxycontin after 6 years of use. Took Effexor 75mg throughout. Now a member of NA and tried to wean myself off - horrible side effects from the withdrawal, dizziness, panic attacks, severe depression and social withdrawal. Went back on at 75mg and now feel that the drug is pretty hard to get used to again. Can 't seem to win.
I am on week 2 of Pristiq and so far I am very irritable, no motivation and no sex drive. I have read the reviews and I am feeling more optimistic! Thanks everyone for posting! I really want to keep pushing through this.
When I first started this medicine, I would get headaches and feel super sleepy within the first 5 minutes of taking it. But those side effects subsided as I got to my next pill pack. Probably the worst part of this medication is that it caused me to have more and consistent acne than before (which is one reason why I wanted birth control in the first place). Along with acne, Microgestin Fe 1/20 caused the skin above my upper lip to darken (known as Melasma). It wasn 't too noticeable at first, but as summer went on, and with more sun, it got worse. It was effective as a birth control and good with period regulation but I wasn 't pleased with the negative side-effects AT ALL so I have recently switched over to Gianvi.
I 've been under pain management since 2007 and was on 30 MG of morphine sulfate ER 3 x per day supplemented with 15MG of Percocet 4 x a day. After a couple of years of this regime I changed my pain management doctor and he suggested going to Exalgo. I began taking 2 x 12 MG Exalgo every mornings. It took about a week or 10 days to begin acting. Exalgo is better than the morphine BUT, the 60 pills I need each month, after my insurance pays, is really expensive.
I 've taken 12.5 mg Ambien CR on an off for 3 months now.  Within the last two weeks, it 's been more like every day.  I was so groggy all day. Also, I 'm not sure I slept... It was more like just being turned off rather than in a state of recuperative sleep.  I cut the pill in half last night and had only 4 hours of sleep, where I awakened twice.  I still feel more refreshed than ever, probably because this is the first time in weeks I don 't have an ambien hangover.  It 's a great medicine, but I 'd like to ween myself off of it.  I suspect it 's either causing depression, or is amplifying a depression I didn 't know I had.
I have been on this pill for a little under a year for the main reason to prevent pregnancy, but to also help regulate my period. Before I started the pills, I would have horrible cramps and long, heavy periods and now other than heavy nausea in the first week and some diarrhea, my periods are short and rather light. This is the only pill I have ever been on and I can say that it does make me more emotional and sick at times, but no pregnancy! It does the job with little side effects: nausea and diarrhea.
I have been taking Lyrica for about 4 months now. While it does help with the pain, I feel like I 'm walking on pillows. I 'm constantly hungry, sleepy, dizzy and I feel like I 'm drunk. I worked VERY hard to lose the weight that I gained when I was pregnant and since I 've been on this medication, I 've put it all back on and then some (40 lbs). It 's hard to say if the pain is better or if I 'm so caught up with the side effects that I don 't care. I 'm being weened off of it right now and being put on a different medicine. I 'd rather go back to the opiates and itch like crazy.
This medicine helps me sleep but I have vivid dreams while taking it and its disturbing.
I just started Daytrana 30mg after being on another generic versin of methylphenidate 10mg 3 times a day and all I can say is Daytrana is the best.  I do not get the ups and downs with the pill form. Instant Release Ritalin and I also like how I do not have to keep taking pills all day long.  Daytrana is so much smoother. I was amazed at how it kept a steady supply of methylphenidate in my system.  I also believe since it slowly releases I do not feel jittery and I actually had a great appetite. The only thing I would still change is I would make the part that you peel off hard. Since it 's flexible it takes a little of work to peel the back off. I can deal with it though since it the best ADD medicine I have found out there. 
I have been taking this medication for 2 years now. First year, it worked like a wonder pill. Minimal side effects such as nausea and drowsiness after in jesting it. Some times I would have a feeling of impending doom like if my life was going to end after I took the pill. Later this medicine turned out horrible. I don 't know what a night sleep is. It causes me severe insomnia. I feel always tired even after sleeping 15 hours.  I 'm suffering from a severe depression from this medicine. It makes me irritable and angry. It drains me of motivation.  The only thing I can say good about this medicine, is that it has caused me no weight gain whatsoever. This medication drains me from being able to live life.
I went to the ER for severe back pain and they usually gave me Dilaudid but this time they gave me Nubain and it worked for the first fifteen minutes and the pain was right back.
I went from Yaz to Beyaz. Worst decision ever. Yaz was amazing, but I was receiving it for free. They couldn 't offer it for free anymore so they put me on Beyaz. My period is longer, my cramps are bad and I am emotional - which is crazy because I was never emotional when I was on Yaz or no birth control! The worst part is the acne. GIANT pimples everywhere. I am 27 and feel like I am 13! Ladies, keep in mind everyone will have their own experience, as it 's how it reacts with your specific body.
I was recently diagnosed with post traumatic stress disorder.  I have nightmares all night long every night and very angry and annoyed with everybody and everything.  I am perfectly fine at times and then will suddenly freak out for no reason.  I have only been on risperdone for 5 days now, but have noticed that I am able to sleep soundly at night and the mood swings have stabilized.  However, I am feeling very sedated all day and find it hard to get out of bed in the morning.  I can 't seem to sleep enough.  My anger issues are also still there, but I am hoping they will subside in time.  Unfortunately, my appetite is insatiable! I 've already gained 6 pounds!!  I 'm already a heavy person and am worried I will eventually need to be removed with a fork lift!
I took Bactrim once for a Urinary Tract infection. I can 't remember exactly how many days I was instructed to take the pill, but I know it was over a week. Everything was fine up until the 9th day, then my entire body broke out in hives.
Got it 3 years ago and have had it re inserted in the last 6 months ..found it great for the first 3 years rarely had periods but when I did at random times..did not affect my sex drive but my skin has suffered terribly with break outs ..since I reinserted it its is a completely different story very heavy period I 'm a complete emotional basket case extreme mood swings not feeling myself ..seriously considering a new form of contraception...
Abreva always worked for me but this time I think I started too late. I woke up with a cold sore it was not big but red and past the tingly stage 
I had two injections in the right knee without pain. The third injection was so painful I nearly jumped. The dr who gives me the injection is a physiatrist and she gives it as you are sitting on the exam with your leg hanging down. I started the left knee thinking I wouldn 't have pain for the first two injections like the other knee. OMG! The pain was so horrendous and Instarted to cry. I wanted to yank the needle out of her hand. The needle going in is not an issue. It 's the injecting if the serum. THAT is crippling. It 's like having surgery without anesthesia. I had to keep ice in it for the next 45 mins, what I didn 't know is that after these injections and trigger shots, you should have a massage afterwards to move the medication around
This medicine helps with my schizophrenia, calms me down but that 's about it. But the worst things about it are the freaking side effects! Look I took this medicine in first grade for irritability, took it again in middle school now I 'm 20 and started back up again a few months ago..it makes me soooooo sleepy that I 'm falling into things, I get severe panic attacks and I 'm hungry as hell hence whyI gained 11 lbs. Oh and I have this funny, unbearable feeling in my right leg and it 's sooo uncomfortable omg! But on the other hand its not as bad as latuda or haldol but its worth it i guess
Wow took 2 500mg an hour ago and started getting nauseous 30 mins later. Just threw up my dinner but feel a little better. Worst stomach pain I have ever experienced. Medication usually never affects me but this stuff is no joke. I 've learned my lesson, time to clean up my act I never want to go through this again. Obviously if it gets rid of it.. It 's worth it. Good luck to you.
My doc started me on Lucentis after I had a  reaction to  Avastin.  My condition improved after 8 months.  I also began taking an AREDS vitamin formula in the last two months of treatment and increased the amount of green leafy veggies (Chard, Spinach and Kale) in my diet and stopped my daily baby aspirin (some clinical studies indicate may worsen the condition)  So I cannot attribute improvement solely to Lucentis. One thing to be very aware of is the cost.  The Medicare co-pay per treatment (per eye) is about $500. 
I am 14, female, and I am diagnosed with an anxiety disorder NOS, moderate depression, and dermatillomania (compulsive skin picking). I have been on 200mg for a few months now. I am much, much happier and more stable. My side effects have been dizziness, I haven 't had weight gain. If I miss a day, I can feel a little depressed towards the end of that day. I have had NO relief from my skin picking. It may have gotten worse. I tried to add Wellbutrin, 150mg to my Zoloft. I took it two days and I felt AWFUL so I 've stopped that. Looking into a treatment center, OCD specialist, or dermatillomania-specialized doctor.
I think this BC pill is OK. It makes my intestines gassy all the time. I think it also has made me gain weight. I feel swollen all the time. I get very short menstural cyles once a month.
The positives for me were that it immediately helped with my itchy nose. However, it didn 't completely get rid of it. I was taking it in the morning and at night and I felt so drugged and irritated. I really had to make myself do anything during the day. All I wanted to do was sleep. I 've gone back to just suffering through my allergies during the day, and taking Benadryl at night. I 've got two small children, so being excessively tires and cranky during the day isn 't an option for me.
This medication makes me feel very weak no matter what time of the day I take it. I would not recommend it for anxiety seeing as you have to take it every day in order for it to lower blood pressure and make stressful situations more bearable instead of taking it as needed.
Has anyone else choked on taking this medicine because it starts dissolving as you take it?  It lodged in my throat this morning and I couldn 't breathe.  My hands we going numb but managed to stay somewhat calm until it dissolved enough to throw it up.  Usually it comes back up before it gets stuck
3rd week, and I 'm only on 15 mg. I am very sensitive to medication. For instance, Zoloft completely zonked me and all I did was sleep. I started taking Viibryd at night, but didn 't sleep for 3 nights. I switched to mornings and have had no trouble sleeping at night. I take it with a meal and have not had nausea, etc. I did have a terrible headache last night and believe the pain in my calves may be a side effect. My muscles in my calves feel like I 've run a marathon...very sore and tight. Also, I 've been unable to &quot;stop thinking&quot; and relax. Overall I think Viibryd is working much better than Zoloft did for me (my sexual side effects are much less than with Zoloft), however I plan to call my doctor about the leg pain and racing thoughts.
I got the Implanon about a year ago. In the beginning everything was wonderful and I had no symptoms. Then, about 7 months into it I started spotting, and my hair has stopped growing. After 5 months of straight spotting and gaining 25 pounds my doctor wants me off of it ASAP. This works for some people, but it definitely didn 't work for me.
This birth control insertion wasn 't painful at all for me. I got it inserted May 31 2017. I spotted after it got put in and I 've been bleeding ever since. I don 't know when I will stop bleeding but I hope it 's soon. I love it so far. It 's like it isn 't there. It doesn 't bother me. I just wish I would stop bleeding.
I have lived with Generalized Anxiety Disorder for as long as I can remember, like being sick before going to school every morning (I 'm now 40).  Nearly a year ago, my doctor tried me on Citalopram, mainly to help with headaches and muscle tension, but he commented it might help my anxiety as well (have had counseling sessions and Prozac, none much use).  A couple of months in, I was astonished at how something I had come to live with was ruling my life and began to think differently about day to day life and enjoy things I used to worry endlessly about.However, I can now not come off them.  I have tried to stop, but the GAD just comes back, worse than it was before.
I have been on Sprintec for about 6 months. It has been great with preventing pregnancy and keep my face clear, besides the occasional break out right before my period. BUT...about an hour or so after I take my pill I get extremely nauseous. I 've tried taking it with food or right before I eat but nothing seems to help. It eventually goes away but its very frustrating to deal with it everyday.
I have been taking arimidex for 2 months. Within the first two weeks my osteoarthritis has deteriorated from tolerable to barely able to walk. I can not stand for long periods. My knees get stiff each time I sit. I have received a series if Ortho visc injections and am hoping for a miracle. I must keep working for insurance coverage. I have vision changes, chest and muscle pain,also. I have added fosamax due to the risk of calcium loss since I was diagnosed with osteopenia at the same time as stage 1 breast cancer. I am expertiencing more fatigue with arimidex than after radiation. I am not sure if I can tough this out for five years!
I got nexplanon in 11/14. It 's been a few months &amp; it works great. No pregnancy scares &amp; no loss of sex drive. Unfortunately, side effects are heavily weighing on me. I have been so depressed ever since I got it. I don 't feel like doing anything but cry. I have intense mood swings where within 5 minutes I 'll change from excited to hating everything for no reason. It 's even taking a toll on my relationship. I 'm thinking a about removing it in a few months if my mental state isn 't better. If you are already depressed DO NOT get it.PS: lots of breakouts to be had &amp; depigmentation on skin.
I will be starting belviq Sunday due to some of the comments saying make sure to start and stop when nothing is going on! (I have a big event Saturday)  but I am posting because of the price. I went online printed the coupon filled out all the info etc before using the coupon it was $88 out of pocket even with my insurance paying their part. With the coupon at CVS and Cigna HMO I paid $0 for mine. So just FYI on the price! Looking forward to this. Phentermine worked the 1st year I took it and now it does nothing but spike my BP so I 'm hopeful this will help as I change my diet and exercise
It 's effective as a sleep aid and a increase in appetite but, my anxiety got extremely worse.
Only take when needed. Mainly for it 's sedative effects, though that doesn 't always seem to work. Especially if I 've been taking them for a few days in a row.
I have been on the patch for over 4 years. No babies so it has done it 's job on that matter. Never had any issues with skin irritation where the patch is applied. When I first started the patch I had the worse acne of my life on my face for a couple weeks. Boobs definitely got bigger and more sensitive.I have noticed (and those close to me have noticed) that I have been experiencing bad mood swings lately and have been super emotional for almost the last 6 months. The patch is the only thing I can narrow it down to. Has anyone else had reactions after being on it for so long?
I am 5 '7 ' ' 263 lbs, female. My doctor put me on this to help with my weight loss. I am on weight watchers as well and started going to the gym. I started April 3rd with 0.6 for week one and I just increased to 1.2 for week 2. Week one my symptoms were nausea, stomach pain and abdominal pain just below my belly button. Extreme constipation and bloating. I had to go the pharmacy and got stool softener, which helped after 2 days of taking stool softeners. I also felt extremely tired. Week 2 yesterday was my first injection of 1.2 and the next day (today) I had sharp pain in my stomach until I had something to eat and drink lots of water. I feel like I need to drink a lot of water to feel good. I will update soon.
Concerta, despite having little to no side effects (for me), was not very effective in treating my ADHD symptoms even at very high doses (108mg).
I 've been taking propranolol for anxiety, a racing heart, hyperthyroidism. It works well, but I have been getting a very foggy head and bad dreams.
I have been taking ambien for a month and a half. It does eventually help me to fall asleep but it comes with a couple of side effects. One of those side effect is I get very loopy and weird. Also I do not remember anything when I wake up from the time after I take ambien. I probably will not remember writing this review.
Started taking Contrave 3/1/17, once a day in a.m.  First day, I was extremely tired, had a hard time keeping my eyes open at work. Second day, actually felt really good, great mood too. Days 3 &amp; 4 went well too, although on day 4, I became constipated.  Appetite has diminished a lot, eating 3 small meals a day, with fruit in between. Haven 't weighed myself yet, waiting until week one is complete. Only side effect so far is slight headache and occasional stomachache.  I will hang in there and continue taking Contrave. Tried Belvique last summer, for the first 3 weeks all I wanted to do was sleep. Hated that. Gave up after 5 weeks, only lost 5 lbs.  Hoping as time goes on I don 't experience some of the other side effects I 've been reading
I have struggled with anxiety and depression for about 25 years. After almost dying from meningitis in 1993, post traumatic stress disorder became an issue as well.  My general physician recently diagnosed me with major depression disorder as well.  She is an amazing Doctor who took extra schooling for psychology and pain management. She suggested I try Prozac. I had heard so many bad and controversial things about Prozac,  but decided to ignore the naysayers and try it.  I 've been on it about 2 weeks.  Not noticing too much yet,  but I am going to hang in there as I know it can take 6 to 8 weeks for full benefits. I realize I can 't expect something to work right when I want it to work.  it takes time.  Giving it a chance. Will update.
Severe restless legs syndrome with Periodic Limb movement for over 45 yrs. Clonazepam worked fine for a long time, then became less effective.  Doctor added Mirapex - it worked BUT: I gained 60 lbs in 3 yrs from obsessive eating, charged lot of money to my credit cards due to obsessive spending (both stated side effects) AND fell asleep without warning, mostly at night (twice while driving), so I tapered off.  Have lost most of the weight, paying off the bills, but need more than clonazepam.
It does its job but it is not worth it. I got it on June 16th, 2015. A month after insertion, I had a 9 day period and did not see another until the end of May 2016. I had a 7 day lightish period and then it stopped for 3. It started back up and it has almost been another week. I have had horrible period symptoms during this time. Over the past 4 months I have felt run down and sick. Over these months I have been very sick to my stomach especially in the morning which I thought was due to allergies. I have been getting headaches all the time, and my stomach constantly aches. I seriously got worried I was pregnant - but wasn 't. I do not feel like myself, and I have extreme mood swings. I am getting this taken out on Monday.
Controlled itchiness but did little to reduce inflammation.
Had severe muscle spasms. Took 5mg of Flexeril for a day. While it did make the pain lessen, I slept for 12 hours and napped in between. My Doctor told me that the 20mg of Prozac I take daily was the reason I was that tired. 
So I started contrave 3 weeks ago. With one pill a day, I lost 5 lbs the first week. Upped the dose to 1am  1pm. Lost 2 lbs. No bad side effects. Just thirsty and maybe a tiny headache. Started Sunday with 2 in the morning and one at night- migraines from 12-6pm then eat dinner and feel better. Then I get a headache again.  Light sensitivity. Nauseousness. Gained 2 lbs. Not sure if I can handle this dose. I did have more energy until these stinking headaches started kicking my butt.
Not good and not bad. Yet. Only one infusion until next week will be #2. Having a few new problems with  urinary tract and hypersensitivity.
Blood sugar was stuck at 150 to 160 with no change for a while.  A1C edging up to critical level.  Within five days was within 110 and seven days under 100.  Side effects were no worse than Metformin alone.
As far as the depression goes, it works.  But at the same time, I 'm so sleepy all the time.  I go from them making me sleepy to knocking me out.  They have affected my mind, from making my memory worse to making me feel out of it.
Worked really well for a time....then life events happened. I might try something else. Everyone is a little different.
I would say this is an okay medicine. It works wonderfully at preventing pregnancy. I 've been on it for a year and the only problem I 've run into is horrible mood swings and depression the entire sugar pill week. Otherwise I 've had shorter periods, lighter periods but pretty bad cramps. 
I started taking this drug when my acne got worse. Before that, I had only tried topical acne treatments (b.p, erythromycin) which worked well at first but later became ineffective. I had several cysts and pustules by the time I started this drug, it healed my cysts fairly fast but broke me out in pustules. After the two month mark (I took it for 3), my acne had decreased noticeably. I was really happy for about a month after I was done , until my acne came back much much worse. I 'm not saying this drug is definitely the reason, but logically speaking, my acne was never this bad. It was very cystic, inflamed and painful. I was crying every day and not going out. Then my dermatologist started me on isotretin, which I 'm still currently takin
I am on the second day of one pill in am and one in pm (week 2).  No side effects except feeling extremely sleepy.  I had been taking 300 mg a day of bupropion prior to starting this and I thought the tiredness was from having less in my system.  From what I see it may be a side effect of this: drinking coffee to stay awake.  Weight was down 3 pounds first week, then got my period so yesterday is was back up.  Dry mouth, especially at night.  Will this sleepiness go away???
I started methotrexate in September 2014 as my body was 75% covered with psoriasis and I had tried every topical/light treatment going. The drug worked wonders and I couldn 't believe how my skin was clearing up, by jan/feb I 'm actually wearing dresses without tights and short sleeves (especially at work which I 'd never done before) the only downside was that the day after I took methotrexate I felt so tired I 've ended up having days off work because of it, I decided to come off it in about may 2015 and am now waiting to try a new drug Adalumimab (spelling!?) and my skin has come back worse from methotrexate I 'm in so much pain and I 'm covered in guttate :(.
I have had my Implanon since January 2012 at my 6 week check up after having my daughter. I love it for the fact that I do not have to remember to take a pill, I hate it more for the fact that at my 6 week check up, I was already back down to my pre-pregnancy weight, and after about a month of Implanon, my weight started to sky rocket. The other bad thing for me is that my periods are out of control. I started out having it for a month and a half straight, then it went away for a week and I got it again for 2 months. It would go away for 2 months and it would come back for a week and so on. It is very unpredictable. Overall, it serves it main purpose, but it does come with a lot of extra weight, mood swings, and lowered sex drive.
A few days ago I was experiencing an awful burning sensation and it got so bad that I could even stand up. I was diagnosed with Chalmydia yesterday. My doctor prescribed me two azithromycin 500s, I took them last night around 9:00 and I haven 't had any side effects. However, it hasn 't helped any of my symptoms. I 'm not too upset about that though because I only took it about 12 hours ago. I 'm just praying it will kick in soon so I can finally pee without feeling like I 'm on fire. My best advice is to practice safe sex, or if possible, just don 't do it.
In a desperate effort to get help for my anxiety, depression and PMDD symptoms I turned to Zoloft. I was happy with it at first as I did feel better. I was very tired however. A happy zombie really with poor concentration and memory and huge appetite. But after a few months the effects started to wear off. My Dr. Increased my dose steadily and with that my weight increased rapidly. Other side effects were uncontrollable diarrhea and TMJ.  I discontinued the medication and after 9 months on it was left with a 17 pound weight gain mostly in my belly and back/upper sides. The other side effects are over and I didn 't have many withdrawal symptoms. After 2 months my appetite and energy are back to normal but I 've not lost a pound yet.
If you have a history of low blood pressure, do not let your doctor use this on you. I just had a diagnostic endoscopy and colonoscopy (same time), and they used propofol, which works wonders for making you totally unaware during the procedure BUT afterwards my BP was extremely low which has caused tachycardia. It has been a day and I still have tachycardia (heart rate over 100/bpm resting) due to low blood pressure. I feel exhausted and can barely do anything without spiking my heart rate to 140. I have no idea how long this is going to last, but be aware that this is a possibility for you if this drug is used for your anaesthesia.
Started with 1000 mg Metformin ( took one pill 4 times a day!) in summer 2015 - bad, bad diarrhea. Changed to 100 mg /day Januvia  - only had bad diarrhea - Late summer 2016 started in Invokana - Starting in November I 've had 3 yeast infections thru Jan 1, 2017. Also very thirsty - no hair loss - yet! - some leg cramping - painful in the calves of my legs - blood sugar control ok - I used to be 5.0 (for 10 years) on insulin. Then Doc said I 'm over 65 so my blood sugarts (A1Cs) should be higher so I don 't go low - but in all the years I 've entertained diabetes (since 1991) I 've never gone low - so I don 't understand this concern. Am seeing doc on Jan 9 - have to see where it goes from here - everyone is right about the yeast infections 
I switched from Wellbutrin to Aplenzin 3 months ago. I had a good sex life before on Wellbutrin. I switched my medication instead of increasing the dose of Wellbutrin. Now that I am on Aplenzin I feel numb. I had this same feeling when on Zoloft. 
I am a 50 year old woman with anxiety, and now they tell me depression, also tell me a lot has to do with hormones and the change of life. Started Lexapro 5mg for 4 days, now on 10mg for the last 2 days. I am also very sensitive to medicines. Side effects are many, shaky, dry mouth, low energy and terrible insomnia. I know I am only beginning, but does the no sleeping improve.
Developed condition of depressive ice disorder that I couldn 't even get out of bed - odd for type A person of high activity but doctors decided it was a form or norepinephrine depression related to high dose and bad reaction to fludrocortisone I had to takefetzima was only medicine of 13 tried to have sufficient efficacy. It was truly amazing that chemical imbalance can result in this inertia. However...Early on jitteriness nausea, insomnia, irritability, lower anxiety threshold made me wonder if this was a good decision....After 9 months. Efficacy there- good enough for me to do the heavy lifting to get myself into new habits, new social situations, etc.  irritability itself waned, sleep problems continued, causing more problems
My doctor told me to take this birth control and I been taking it for four days now, and I feel horrible, nausea, headaches and I feel weak and I always sleep, I just want to know if it gets better or if any of you ladies went through this.
After taking Vyvanse 50mg for 4 months for adult ADHD, felt on top of the world but instead I became manic and had an episode that my wife is using to divorce me and keep me separated from my daughter. I 've not taken it for 2 months now.
Just finished the 2 week tritation pack. Also being weaned off Cymbalta. Thus far the only &quot;relief&quot; I 've found is with fatigue. As far as pain, I still have it. My rheumatologist asked to give it at least 4 weeks, so I will.Side effects are hot flashes to beat the band. For relief, I will deal!I also suffer from psoriatic arthritis, and take a weekly injection of Humira.
I was so upset to hear that my insurance no longer covered ortho era. I absolutely loved that patch! I never had any side effects and it even decreased my appetite to where I lost a decent amount of weight over the year I was on it. Unfortunately, I 'm about to start my 3rd patch of this one and have had terrible experience with it so far. I love the ease of only having to change it once a week but the symptoms so far aren 't worth it. I have bloating, constipation, headaches, tiredness, tender breasts, terrible mood swings/depression, acne, and I 'm constantly craving sweets! I 've been eating like a total hog. I plan on sticking with it, hoping that the symptoms will subside. I will update after a few months of taking it if my symptoms get any better.
Don 't if you can help it. Yes a shot of this IV will STOP your pain, and possibly the rest of you, pretty much immediately. If you have a low BP or sensitivity, or have never taken a strong (Norco doesn 't count) narcotic before, try something else first. SEVERELY addictive. One shot and you will want another one, no joke. ONE SHOT. The pill version by comparison is slow acting and hits for a long time, most people will find better relief with percocet. Unless you have just had surgery, been shot, or have a broken bone, try Fentanyl first, at least that won 't kill you in one dose.
Only been taking for 3 days. I have heart burn, stomach cramps, upset stomach, but I hope after a week all these will stop. So I 'm going to stick with Cymbalta.
I was prescribed Zoloft in late of 2008 and I have been on it ever since.  I have a minor case if OCD which is all in my head. I tend to be obsessive with repetitive thoughts and if I don 't think about it then I basically freak out with anxiety. I know it 's so weird, but I guess God made everyone unique in their own way. Anyway, did Zoloft help me? I must say definitely YES. Although my OCD does come back from time to time, it is no where nearly as bad now compared to how it used to be. The repetitive thoughts have decreased by about 80% and that is more then I can ever ask for. However, I experience weird side effects when I forget to take it like nausea, light headedness and &quot;brain zaps.&quot; Got to take the good with the bad I guess.
This so far has been the only pill/birth control  where I don 't feel emotionally unstable; I feel like my regular self.  HOWEVER, I have noticed a significant increase in pimples: breakouts on my face. It looks terrible, like connecting the dots.  I feel like I 'm just going to deal with it because it 's the lesser of the two evils. Also, this is only my second pack of if, but I did have 2 periods in one cycle. I 've never had that with another birth control.  Probably going to get another pack at my next appt. I would much rather feel emotionally normal than have perfect skin. Yes, my skin is looking bad. But not many other options!
It doesn 't stop a cold sore forming and doesn 't stop the pain and tingling. It may however reduce the size of the cold sores
I 've been using this along with another steroid nasal spray for awful seasonal allergies. Because I 'd taken Zyrtec in the past with no drowsiness, I took for granted that this med wouldn 't make me drowsy either. Holy hell was I wrong. Fatigue is more like it, and bouts of vertigo every time I stand up.It 's good for my allergies but I need to switch back to Zyrtec bc I can 't function even on 12 hours of sleep plus naps (normally I 'm a 5-6 hours of sleep kind of person).
This is a serious antibiotic.  I have never had such adverse side-effects to a medication than I have with nitro.  I had a UTI that kept coming back for about 5 month.  Doc finally put me on Nitro after cipro and everything else didn 't work.  I am on day 9 of a 10 day dose and feel like I am dying.  I can 't get a good rest.  My lungs feel congested but I can 't cough up anything and my cough is dry.  I get panicky and frustrated very easily.  I have ZERO energy.  My hair is thinning.  I am freezing constantly.  Overall I feel like I am getting over the flu.  Unlike those who complain of diarrhea, I have severe constipation.  I am only one day away from the end... I just need to tough it out one more day....
48 years old, diagnosed Type 2 about 4 years ago. In the past year or so I have not been able to control my blood glucose. My A1C at last test was 11.4. I started insulin (Levemir) in Dec. with no effect. Started Victoza 4 days ago at .6mg. I have seen a drop in my BG (from 300 's to 250 's). The nausea is almost too much to deal with, but I can say that I have absolutely no appetite. I upped my dose to 1.2mg this weekend and we 'll see what happens. The Doc said the nausea would go away. I hope she 's right. I can 't live like this, but I can 't live with the BG being so high either. Keeping my fingers crossed that this works,  'cause the doc said the next step could be a pump. My friend was taking it and he ended up with pancreatitis and can 't take it anymore
I have had two knee replacement and the first operation there has been a problem with the prosthesis moving I have used Percocet 5 325 regularly to ease the pain this is more or less a Band-Aid until I have another surgery
My blood pressure was pretty high, around 180/100, most of the time it 's  high. I was taking chlorthalidone  by its self but I need to get my pressure low still so they added this at 50 MG so far I haven 't noticed any big change. I 'm at 50mg losartan and 25 chlorthalidone.
I was suffering with severe anxiety/depression and I couldn 't sleep, eat or socialize in general. When my doctor prescribed escitolipram, It got better and my anxiety went away. HOWEVER, I was unable to sleep for longer than 4 hours in a row.
Took this for relief as I looked and sounded pretty bad. I was keeping everyone up with my coughing and sneezing. I don 't take medicine but I caved in and grabbed this. I guess from hours of exhaustion I passed out but woke up 2 hours later just wide awake! I couldn 't go back to sleep, which made me so incredibly mad. I 'm already an anxious person who is paranoid about everything. So this didn 't help. It helped my cough calm down but the next day it was worse. I was able to sleep without feeling like my nose was plugged up!
I have been on Abilify for about 5 months now. It works wonders for my OCD but it makes me restless and non-emotional. It might sound good to not be emotional but when I say that I mean happiness too. It numbs me. I have also gained 15 pounds and so I am coming off the medicine slowly.
I will preface this by saying that I haven 't been on any form of hormonal birth control in over ten years. I am 40 years old and started taking this pill for perimenopausal symptoms. I wasn 't able to track my cycle anymore. That being said, I really wanted to like this pill. My insurance covers it. It provided relief from the symptoms I had been having and I felt more level. However, the side effects were just as bad. I had breakthrough bleeding every day after the first week. From day one, my breasts were incredibly sore and grew in size (not a bonus for me). I was dry heaving in the middle of the night. The constipation and bloating aren 't fun either. Called my doc after 2 weeks. I need lower estrogen and will start the Nuvaring today.
The sugar levels improved when I started taking Forxiga 10 mg (AstraZeneca), though the frequency of urination increased, with increased discomfort. Problem was that ketones started showing up in the urine. From none (before starting this medication) to ++ to +++ in about 4 weeks time! Had to give it up.
Okay so the paragard work well to prevent pregnancy i had it for 3 years. Love it and it didnt mess with my period at all much besides increase cramps. But 3 years into having the paragard something strange started to happen. I dont know if it was the iud but im thinking it was cause a month after removal i felt just like my old self. I was so dizzy, headaches when i went to bed and when i woke up, fatigue bad, mood swings where i was angry then crying for now reason, i lost half of my hair it was coming out in clumps, panic attacks that resembled strokes no joke my hands would turn into claws and i seize up.  I had blood work done and even had dr. Think it was a brain or adrenal tumor. But no... IUD came out and 3 weeks later I 'm back.
I started on just 8 Mcg and noticed no change at all in a month so my GI decided to up it to 24 I believe. I 'm on a lot of medication for chronic pain and tumor damage to my brain so juggling all my meds it took me almost a month to figure out the higher dosage was causing me to throw up every morning. I wake up and take all my morning pills so obviously my stomach is kinda empty and 40 minutes later I 'm vomiting with little warning. I thought it was associated with another brain tumor as when I took the pill again at 6 I didn 't get sick but by then I had a meal in me. It has helped somewhat with my bowels but I 'm still on miralax and stool softener and the copay is pretty high so with all considered and how lousy the side effects are
For all of you that speak of brain fog and dizzy lightheadedness with gabapentin. In my experience gabapentin depletes b12. I am getting b12 injections monthly. And 3 days after first injection all the dizziness and brain fog was gone
I 've been on Ortho Tri Cyclin for about 12 months and my skin has been flawless. I love how it 's cleared up my acne but I 'm having major breakthrough bleeding at the moment. I missed 2 pills about 2 weeks ago and I have since then been bleeding continuously and i 'm just about to go on my placebo pills, so after i 'm finished with this pack it will be about 3 weeks with constant bleeding and it 's terrible. Even when I didn 't miss any pills I would have breakthrough bleeding the week before I started my placebo pills and it would drive me nuts. Saw my doctor and i 'm going to try out another acne birth control, Yasmin so hopefully all goes well....
I 'm almost finished with my first month and I can already tell a difference in my skin. However, I want to have sex constantly and I eat everything in sight.
I was on this for about two months and I thought I was going insane. My depression was really bad and my stomach hurt and I have severe panic and anxiety attacks. Don 't get this medicine if you have depression. It 'll save you the tears and fights in your relationship.
I had the implant put in about four months ago.  While it 's been nice not having a period and not having to take a pill every day,  I wouldn 't recommend it. My arm never stops itching, which is incredibly annoying after the first few days. I have gained about thirty pounds and a bunch of stretch marks. ... and I developed severe acne- I 've never had acne before the implant.  The worst side effect is the random pain at the insertion site and the random bruising. While I haven 't gotten pregnant, the side effects suck!
I have used this medication for around two years. It Is very good with helping Schizoid Type Thoughts however i would not recommend the medication as a long term medication due to weight gain and its ability to affect whether or not you can wake up in the morning. It has a tendency to make me fall asleep for two days straight. From - Adult Male who has had sleep cycle problems from a young age.
I have been on this birth control for one year exactly and I mainly went on this for my skin but I didn 't notice anything different with my acne when I was on it compared to when I didn 't take birth control. The only thing I can say was that around the time I got my period, my face was the clearest it ever was and then as soon as my period stopped, I began to breakout again. I think with this birth control I did gain weight, probably around 15-20 pounds. It also made me very moody. I never got so upset/mad as easily as I did when I was on this. I felt like an emotional wreck at times because I would get mad so easily and I hated it. I decided that this birth control, while effective for preventing pregnancies, was not for me.
Have had the shot three times now after switching from the pill to the depo due to cysts and this was supposed to help stop them. I 've had no pregenancy scares but severe bleeding for four months now and black blood, weight gain like crazy and breast pain everyday, it works well for birth control but the side effects are not worth it
My doctor put me on this because I have sleep apnea and have trouble breathing when I go to sleep.  Because of my extreme weight loss I have been able to lower my CPAP pressure to the lowest setting and I use my inhaler each night before bed to help my breathing to be able to fall asleep.  I doesn 't help though if I 'm already short of breath.  I have no side effects and have been using it for 3 years.
I have been on Sprintec for 8 months now and was switched to it because insurance paid for the generic and not the name brand so I went from Ortho Cyclen to Sprintec. Since the second month I started Sprintec I have had the worst cramps I have ever had and a headache the entire week of my period. I have switched to Ortho Tri Cyclen Lo and have noticed a huge difference in my cramps and headache, they are practically gone. The mood swings I had on Sprintec was unbearable also. 
Good: Hardly bled at all, very little cramping, no babiesBad: Mood swings, extremely sore breasts, increased acne and oily skinI am sad to have to quit this drug, but I cannot stand having such sore breasts all the time. Took the drug for 3 months.
Only got a 5 because it worked amazingly with my cystic acne, but after almost 3 months the side effects have become unbearable. My chest and throat hurt like hell, swallowing water feels like I tried to eat a brillo pad. I 've been avoiding eating because it hurts so much. Doctor took me off it, but says my body has to heal up on it 's own. If you start having stomach problems, beware. I told my doctor and she said to take it with food and I 'll be fine. BULL! This throat is chest pain is almost as bad as when I got my tonsils out. My Primary Care recommended birth control as an alternative. We 'll see how that works.
This helped during oral surgery but made me sleepy...it did not help at all post surgery for rotator cuff surgery and gave me migraines. I felt like a zombie and had lucid dreams.
I feel like most of the reviews that say they had panic attacks on it is because they had reduced or stopped a benzo Xanax, kolanapin, valum. I am on Xanax and feel a difference after taking buspar for a while. My doctor did not take me off the xanax or lower the dose but said see how you feel. I also have a non addicting personality but I am dependent on the medication ill admit. i feel that most of you should have started taking the buspar and took the benzo as well because you might be feeling the anxiety more because of that not the new medication. You are withdrawing. These medications need to be slowly weened off and only after the new meds have started working. I feel bad you guys didn 't give it a chance because of your Drs.
It helps calm me so I don 't panic. I think it 's wonderful.It 's in the same family as Xanax.
On my first week of using sertraline and so far side effects include dizziness, nausea, and insomnia. On the upscale I don 't have any angry or violent outbursts. About an hour after taking it I saw it 's effects almost immediately. All those little things don 't bother me so much anymore. Have never felt this way so it 's a strange experience.
I have been on Savella for only a few days so far.  I had taken Cymbalta for a while and it helped but not significantly.  My main symptoms are insomnia, fatigue and pain and the Savella has helped with my fatigue more than anything I 've ever taken before.  As someone posted earlier I feel like I can actually plan ahead a little for the first time in a while.  My pain is still a major problem but I hope that will improve as I have been on Savella longer.  I have not really had any side effects at all.  I am tired of my illness controlling my life and I will not give up.  Hopefully Savella will be a real factor in getting my life back.  Good luck to everyone out there deaing with FM.
I received Liletta June 2016, slight cramping at the beginning,  and a period that would last a couple weeks a month. Extreme bloating,  disgusting acne,  and weight gain. Then after 4 months,  it came out!! Had it replaced, it 's only been a couple weeks of constant light cramping,  my period is now on and I think it shifted again and is close to coming out for a second time. I 'm not sure what to do if this thing comes out for a second time...smh. Small percent chance of happening? I am not so sure? , I 'm willing to wait but it 's not looking too good.
I 'm just on day five of taking one pill a day in the morning. My appetite has already been stopped in its tracks. I 'm just curious what will happen when I get up to four pills a day.     Don 't get me wrong, I am thrilled that my appetite is being controlled. I just hope the weight comes off!  Have any of you experience the rapid loss of appetite?   This is good, right???
After taking Vyvanse 50mg for 4 months for adult ADHD, felt on top of the world but instead I became manic and had an episode that my wife is using to divorce me and keep me separated from my daughter. I 've not taken it for 2 months now.
Unfortunately after more than a year, pervasive stuff like weight gain, increased lipids, diabetes all started to be present. Great for a while but I started toned more of it to deal with psychotic symptoms and the sedative nature of it got in the way. Swapped to paliperidone ER, which is more focused on the psychotic symptoms and doing well without the sedation.
Day 3 of duac and all I 'm experiencing is dry and flaky skin
I am taking Gavilyte now. I have drank 4 cups and that is all I can handle. If I try to do anymore I will just throw it up anyway. It seems to be working so hopefully 4 cups is enough. I sure hope they come up with a much better way to prepare for a colonoscopy by the next time I have to do this. This is awful!
I 've been taking Apri for 7 months now and have gained about 8 pounds. I have lost my sex drive, and when my period starts I get horrible cramps. However, I do always know when my period will come and it only lasts for a couple days. This has been the most predictable pill I have taken.
Taking Vesicare for overactive bladder and bladder irritation. I have been on this for over one year. It helped somewhat for the overactive bladder and irritation. Makes my mouth very dry and blurred my vision pretty bad. I don 't know if I will continue this medication as I do not think the side effects are worth it. Also made me BLOATED.
I am five hours post-insertion and I just feel crampy. During the insertion, I honestly hurt so bad. I think I hurt so bad because I was uncomfortable and I would not relax. After the insertion, I felt a really bad cramp in my abdominal region. It also made me feel like I had to pee really bad. I actually got up and I was not dizzy (yet... keep reading). So, I got up, cleaned myself up and I was actually bleeding a whole lot. But my doctor gave me a pad and some wipes. My legs were so weak after that. When I left, I instantly became dizzy and a little nauseated. But the cramps got worse and then when I was home, they weren&rsquo;t as bad. I also took an extremely hot bath. I&rsquo;m not bleeding right now but I am still crampy.
Taking it for Borderline Personality Disorder/Emotionally unstable personality disorder(EUPD). An effective mood stabilizer and helps with paranoia and occasional psychosis. The drowsy side effect has helped with my insomnia as my sleep was awful. I 'm on 300mg at night. The other side effects are a pain though. I 've put on 4-5 stone (56/70 lbs I believe) at least, whilst I 've been on these possibly from the munchies it gives me but I 'm sure it 's altered my metabolism.. After taking the dose, my nose blocks up completely. I have to use a nose spray every night. My heart pounds and I get restless legs and arms. It feels like something tickling them on the inside.  I always feel drowsy in the mornings but that is to be expected.
I hate this thing! I 've had it in for over 2 years, I got it after I had my daughter. Not the best decision I 've ever made and I 'm having a hard time getting my doctor and my OBGYN to take it out it 's like nobody wants to. It has decreased my sex drive made me hormonal mood swings depressed put a strain on my relationship with my husband because of that. I can hardly ever get &quot;in the mood&quot; and that sucks, I 'm 24 y.o! Also the weight gain, the nausea, irregular periods, cystic acne breakouts on my face....seriously I hate this thing! It has made me so miserable. I 'm switching OBGYN offices just to get the damn thing out!
I got Prep down within 15 minutes, then I drank 32 ounces of water over the next 30 minutes-they told me I had to get this all down within one hour-all of a sudden my stomach got bloated and started making noises and then the nausea came full force with mouthwatering and fierce chills and I ran to the bathroom and I vomited twice.  I never expected this to happen because I never read the reviews until now.  45 minutes later I had a little bit of diarrhea, then a regular bowel movement, then about an hour later watery diarrhea, then full force liquid. Woke up at 4 AM nervous and did the 5 AM dose,  this time holding my nose as I took five swigs each time,  followed by water swishing around my mouth to get taste out. Prep works faster the Second time
I was given Trazodoe 50MG for insomnia which I took last night, within a matter of time I became a bit dizzy and my RLS became uncomfortable ...this continued for a few hours.  I did fall asleep after about 4 hrs and slept for about 6 hrs.  Upon awaking I was no longer dizzy but I felt a little off to the point of being light headed....I will not take this med again....it is very hard to deal with the restless legs while being dizzy and tired...this medication is not for me.
Mestinon helps everyone differently. I started out with ocular MG. Apparently, this drug helps most people with their ocular MG, but it doesn 't do anything at all to improve my eye. My case of MG rapidly generalized, and difficulty breathing was my 2nd symptom to manifest. Mestinon improves my breathing issues somewhat, but doesn 't take the shortness of breath away completely. Same with my arms and thighs; it helps, but doesn 't make the weakness disappear altogether. Mestinon can cause diarrhea, but most likely won 't if taken alongside a meal or with a small snack. It must be taken every 3-4 hours. Mestinon is one of the only drugs out there for MG with the least amount of unpleasant side effects.
I have been on Contrave for almost a month. My starting weight was 270 and I am now at 259. So aprox 10lbs lost in a month is pretty good. My insurance did not cover the medicine, but i had the discount card. It cost about $90. With your discount card and filled Rx, you gain free access to the Scale Down program in which they send you a very nice digital scale. You have to weigh in EVERY day (first thing in the morning, right after you get up and go to the bathroom). This program has helped me more than the Contrave to be honest.Contrave makes me feel horrible. I am exhausted all day and moody. I 'm sure it works a little, and I 'm trying to push through the side effects. I want this to work so bad.
I 've had it for 4 months now. Had a regular period for 3 weeks, then I just spotted for a month and a half. No period since the. (Yay!) Down fall is I 'm blowing up like a balloon! If I keep gaining weight, I will consider removing it. Losing my period is not worth not fitting into any of my clothes.
Took delsym cough about one hour ago. It has suppressed my cough but I now have diarrhea and my head is spinning.
I took my first dose of T. Yestrday.  never used any diabetis drugs before. There is definitely a decreased appetite. but to keep sugar level steady you have to eat a little few times a  day ..i would say every 2 hours...nuts are good idea, small apple pieces, cut up chicken, yogurt . nothing heavy...people have a diarrhea because you should not have fatty and fried food at all.  The only side effect that in have is sudden feeling that i am going to pass out, following a panic attack. I guess my body is adjusting. ill give  it a try for a month . i apprieciate everyones input, its so helpfull.
It works well, however, it made me as sleepy as Benadryl.
Caused sweating, headache.
I 'm 18 years old and was put on Topamax for headaches at 16. In the beginning, I was put on 2 x 25mg per day, then increased to 2 x 25mg in the morning, and 2 x 25 mgs at night. After reading everyone 's reviews I think I was put on way too much. I weighed about 125 and I got down to 108! I thought I looked great although many people said I looked too skinny. The con is that it made me feel very slow and I couldn 't concentrate well. As I started to ween myself off of it, the headaches went away. I now weigh 135 and gained about 30 lbs since being off of it. I am considering going back on to lose weight.
I 've never taken birth control before because I 've never been sexually active (and I 'm still not). I started this a few months before my wedding, and it seemed totally fine at first. I read a ton of reviews that warned of major mood swings and irritability, but I never experienced that. I also read a ton of reviews that praised this pill for helping with flawless skin, but that is NOT the case for me. While my chest did grow and I didn 't have mood swings or weight gain, I experienced some of the most painful and humiliating acne of my life while taking it. My forehead never breaks out, but for 3 constant months it 's been a war zone, as are my cheeks, chin, and brow area. I 'm switching to Yaz. Fingers crossed I clear up before the big day.
I have been on this shot for almost 3 years now, starting out just to help with abdominal pain and now for use of birth control. I love that I have never had a period let alone spotting, no cramps, nothing. Just recently I have been having terrible headaches that make me nauseous. I have gained at least 15 lbs, which is very depressing, and sex drive...well that 's long gone(which seems very odd for a 20 year old). Reading the reviews helped a lot, thank you!
I have been using Implanon since March of 2008 after the birth of my son. I had the first one the full 3 years and had it removed and replaced with a new one. The first one I had no issues. I still had regular cycles and minimal weight gain. The second one I have had close to a year now and having completely random cycles lasting up to 17 days! I have no libido, have been placed on antidepressant from my primary physician and gained over 35 pounds! I have been referred back to my obgyn to have it removed. Everyone is different, but its wierd the first one was fine and now this one is horrible. 
Have been on it 2 years now.  It has maintained blood pressure 130 's over 80 's. 
The medicine helped with my depression at first, but eventually stopped working and needed to be increased. I completely lost all of my sex drive and that was very disappointing, as that leads to frustration which leads to depression. I stopped taking Prozac and still have no sex drive which is apparently very common. I would not recommend this medicine.
I was switched from Marvelon to Apri about a year ago.  I lost 15 pounds after switching and after about one month of breaking out, I was back to clear skin again.  However, I have noticed a dramatic increase in mood swings with Apri.  I constantly find myself crying over the most insignificant things and am unable to control my emotions.  I 'm worried it is starting to affect my relationship with my boyfriend and with others. I 'm thinking of seeing a doctor and perhaps switching to a different pill...seems like its going to be difficult to find one that keeps my weight, skin, and emotions in check!
I 'm sixteen, and I got this put in May 14th, 2014. For about a week and a half I had no bleeding, but since May 26th I 've had constant bleeding. My friend who is on Nexplanon said she bled for two months when she first got it and then had one regular period after that. I have a little more acne than usual but I can deal with it. I haven 't gained any weight, in fact I 've lost weight. My long period is really putting a damper on my sex life. Also it 's summer time and obviously I 'm going to want to swim a lot, yet I have to worry about a period as I do so. Overall, the only side affect that 's really getting to me is my period, which is mostly heavy right now. I 'm hoping it will go away soon because I 'm sick of it.
I have been on Depo for 7 years now. I love how I don 't get my period, but my sex drive has decreased and I have gained about 70 lbs. I also have acne that won 't go away no matter what I use. I 'm looking to switch my birth control before my next shot is due in 3 months.
I 've had depression since my teenage years but never spoke to anyone about it and didn 't take anything for it until 2 and a half years ago when I had a bad run of luck with a few big things close together, it all got too much and I took a massive amount of prescription medication to try and end my life, 16 hours later I was woken up by my mum and taken to hospital. The Drs said most people wouldn 't of woken up or at least had severe organ damage but I was ok, no damage. That 's when I had to speak to Drs, psychs, family and some friends. They put me on lexapro and it worked fairly well for 2 years but when a few bad, stressful situations happened again it failed the test, I 'm now trying venlafaxin, not sure yet but hopefully I get better results
Omg! The nausea is unreal! I was sick throughout the entire week of taking this medicine. The nausea never subdued and it got worse at night. I know it is a must but I can 't even right now! I 'm so ready for it to be over!
Not worth the risk! The fungus is definitely clearing up, but I 've lost my taste so I 'm losing weight (the wrong way) because everything I eat or drink is nasty tasting. I get hungry, but eat a few bites and it tastes like mush. I lose my appetite and stop eating. My skin is itchy, and I have a thick, coated tongue that 's sensitive and achy with a constant feeling of something stuck in the back of my throat. Now I read that my taste buds may not ever wake up again! That 's going to seriously lower my quality of life! If I 'd known these side effects before taking Lamisil, I wouldn 't have taken the risk! Using a topical twice a day of tea tree oil, Vick 's Vapo Rub, or FungiNail for the rest of my life would be worth it to have my taste back!
I am currently on my second pack of this pill. I switched because my doctor did not think i was on a high enough dose. Since I have started on this, I am spotting constantly and my acne has flared up. Almost everyday i have massive headaches where I just have to go in my room and sit in the dark. I am spotting constantly. My periods have gotten heavier and last the same amount of days as before. It does it 's job of preventing pregnancy though.
I started taking this pill when my pharmacy switched it out from my regular Aviane. (Which are supposed to be exactly the same)The first week or so I was incredibly nauseous. Another thing I 've noticed is how incredibly tired I 've been. I wake up tired. It 's really strange because this is a brand new thing since starting this pill.My sex drive has also taken a turn for the worst. Mainly due to being so tired by the time my kids go to bed I 'm practically asleep myself. That was never a problem before.Now that I 'm nearing my 1st period on the pill I have extreme pms symptoms. Mainly feeling weepy and actually crying about things I would not normally. The worst though is my temper. I feel like I 'm about to snap frequently.
Depression has improved somewhat, anxiety is improved.  I 'm not sure if it 's part of the depression or the med but I experience fatigue.  I can get things done but still don 't enjoy things like I used to.  Motivation and negative thoughts still an issue for me.  I am also working with a therapist which is helpful.  The thing is I know I can feel better than this.  Had genetic testing done; will discuss results with my MD &amp; possible try something different.
This med  works well for norepinephrine uptake inhibition which is my problem.  However, it can cause anorgasmia in men over 50 years of age.  I can have an erection and sexual intercourse but I never finish the job.  One of the side effects listed for this drug if you read the small print.  I stopped using it years ago and still have side effects.
Been doing opiates since i was 14, started with percocets, then oxy 10s got up to 10 80s a day by 19, then heroin at 22 , smoked 2 grams a day, plus 200mg methadone. in April i was introduced to fentanyl powder, i started at 0.1, it knocked me on my ass, within a month i was smoking 3 grams a day PLUS 200 mg methadone. I cold turkeyed for 3 days, couldn 't stand the pain, i was literally SCREAMING like a little girl, so i took 100mg methadone, still VERY sick, for 3 days. Checked myself into a treatment centre, COLD TURKEY for 30 days. I am 30 days clean today, i have a 0.1 mg prescription of clonidine. It helps sort of i take it at nights for RLS. I haven 't slept more then 2 hoursin 36 days but am feeling 80%. Sleep in a hot bath
My Dr. Prescribed me Doxepin 10mg. For depression, anxiety, and insomnia. So far so good, calms me down wonderfully when my three kids or my husband cause me to have an anxiety attack, and is working well with my depression. Only things it isn 't doing to much for my insomnia I still go to bed at about 9pm and fall asleep around  2:30-3:00am. I have also taken Lexapro which worsened my depression, Zoloft just made me feel like a  zombie or like I was wired out of my mind, and Prozac which worked great on me but since I have insomnia my Dr. gave me Doxepin.
I was on Depo shot for 6 years, no periods, no weight gain, all great. I then had to be taken off so I got the Mirena, still no periods but I was in constant pain so I had it taken out and started this pill about a month and a half ago. I 've been extremely moody and irritable. My periods have been regular so far. I have noticed I 'm starting to gain weight and bloat and it doesn 't seem to be related to the period. I feel like a balloon. I 've also been experiencing a lot of headaches and body/joint pain over the last couple weeks. I 'm pretty miserable and will be switching to something else as soon as I can.
I tried many things to stop heavy bleeding including an ablation. Nothing made my period less heavy, let alone stopped it. I started Seasonique 2 years ago and in the beginning I had irregular spotting for the duration of the first pack. After that I had very light periods every 3 months, with occasional spotting in between. I was happy with the results. Now, nearly 2 years later, in the second month of a pack I am on a 7 day and counting period, extremely heavy with a lot of clots. Guess this has decided to stop working too so it is back to my OBG again to try something else.
So I started on this medication about a year ago, and it 's been a pretty good expirence up until recently. My skin has always been great and I haven 't gained any weight. I had spotting and light cramps every 2 weeks for about 5 months after I started taking it, but then all of a sudden the bleeding became irregular and has been ever since. Now I almost always have breast tenderness that starts up to 2 weeks before I 'm set to take the placebos, and this is incredibly uncomfortable. The worst part, however, is that this BC has completely destroyed my sex drive. I hardly ever feel like having sex anymore, and when I do I wind up crying uncontrollably during or after. It 's super gross, but I 'm too afraid of side effects to try a different BC.
Used it on my 7 day cruise.  Worked wonderfully during the cruise. No side effects and no nausea, even with 12 to 18 foot seas. About a day after I took the patch off, started having double/blurred vision and am extremely tired, even with 8 1/2 to 9 hours sleep. 4 days later and am still having blurred/double vision and still tired. 
After 6 months on 10mg of Lexapro and then 2 months on 20mg, the effect has worn off. Very sleep and depressed again. At first it was a miracle for me but I 've slipped back into my old feelings of hopelessness. Probably will talk to my doctor about pairing it with another antidepressant.
Nuvigil worked the first day and did nothing thereafter. I was using it to alleviate the sleepiness and lethargy from Zoloft.
The summer I graduated from high school, I worked out hard, ate pretty moderate and I lost over 20lbs. Went from 158 to around 120. I decided to get on birth control so I chose nexplanon. My periods were very heavy and always random before then, my mood was pretty normal at the start. The plus I have not have a single period. So far I 've notice symptoms increasing within the last 2 years. I 've gained the weight I lost slowly overtime. I tried to compensate and work out even harder and eat right but the weight still doesn 't budge. I have high highs and low lows no in betweens. I am starting to lose hair so much theres a few bald spots. For a constant hormonal birth control it does its job but the side effects definitely aren 't worth it.
After taking many antidepressants with temporary satisfaction and happiness for a few months, I decided to try Effexor for almost a year. It worked good for my anxiety and anger issues but not for my depression (It had the usual mild side effects like weight gain). Now I 'm back on Lexapro (as this and Cymbalta worked best for me). To all: Don 't be alarmed from all the horror stories of Effexor withdrawal. I weaned off with no worse discontinue symptoms then other medicines! As a matter of fact, I love the electric brain zaps! LOL.
First time using an anti-depressant after a year of mistaking symptoms for iron deficiency. Felt significant improvement with 5mg within first two or three days. Did experience nausea but was getting better at end of first week. Started 10mg in week 2, and the nausea returned and has not subsided. Also experiencing intimacy issues which I have never experienced before. Overall, I feel better mentally and emotionally, but the nausea makes it difficult to enjoy fully. Will ask doctor about going back to 5mg, or try something different.
I started to take this medicine on a Friday and last night (Monday night) I woke up in the middle of the night had the worst chest pain that I have ever experienced in my life. I have never felt pain like this that has actually scared me into feeling that I need to call 911. I eventually drank a lot of water and it helped me feel so temporary relief. Managed to fall back asleep but when I awoke this morning the pain is still there. Not as serious, but I gave my doctor a call and they recommended taking Tums. I took the Tums and the pain is not so severe but I 'm pretty nervous to take these pills now. Can 't say if its helped my infection yet because I have to go back to the doctors for a follow up for that to be determined.
I have been on bydureon for over six months.  I have noticed a big improvement in a1c which is now down to 7.1 at last appt.The problem I have is that I get three months at a time since living some distance from the pharmacy in a different town.I am at the end of the three month fill and my blood sugars are jumping.  I suspect that it may have been mishandled by the pharmacy, left out in open, even though I refrigerate it as soon as I get home.  Maybe its something else, but suspect improper handling.Also on metformin and jardiance.
I was prescribed Advair in combination with Spiriva after a bad asthma type attack in 2010 (1 of 3, the 1st in 2001; 2nd in 2007).  I finally went to a Pulmonary Specialist in early 2010. The inhalers combined with a series of oral prednisone helped me to recover fully.  At the advice of my new doctor I continued using the Advair and Spiriva daily.  In 2013 I developed Virtigo and continuous bladder infections, determined that was related to the Spiriva, so I stopped that one.  Several times during the 5  years,I have attempted to stop using Advair.  I think it is addicting in nature; I am unable to breathe without it!   THAT SUCKS....Especially since I was doing fine without any inhalers prior to continued use of Advair.
I feel like it helps to lower my blood sugar, but sometimes the side effects are unbearable. I have severe stomach problems. I take 1000mg twice a day.
I 'm on my 2nd week of the tritation. I do have some headaches my skin is itchy and I have a weird heartburn sensation. However I will continue I hope the positive will outweigh  the negative.  It was hard to get this pill  so I really want  to try and makes it through  this tritation.  My other meds are letrais and sildeifide. which I love
I have only been on this a month.  I am one of the several of you ladies who are going thru the antagonizing trial and error for the &quot;perfect&quot; birth control.  Zarah seemed perfectly fine when it came to controlling my mood swings and not getting me prego!  BUT, I have gained weight, and on my period week my flow was very heavy and crampy, plus it lasted the whole 7 days....eww, I am not used to that.  I also did take note of how it effected my sex life.  I still wanted sex, but noticed I had a very hard time trying to orgasm.  sorry if that 's too much info but I personally like knowing how the birth control effects my sex life.  I hope some of this info helps.  don 't give up ladies!
I 've had the slyla iud for 4 months now and the first time I got it I had really bad cramps, dizzy and was sweating like crazy.  When I get my period I get the worst cramps of my life. The cramping lasts about 3 days which heating pad and Motrin has helped a bit. I 've had light spotting for 3 months which makes it difficult to have intercourse with my boyfriend. I 've gained about 10 pounds. Not too satisfied but not kids so far which is a good thing.
Just average
I had the Mirena removed today after 4 years. I have had stomach pains forever and kept going to the doctor saying something was wrong. They did test after test and found nothing. I was convinced that it was the Mirena, then my doctor asked me if they put it in when I was on a cycle and I said no so she was determined it was the Mirena as well because they are supposed to put it in on a cycle. I loved that I didn 't break out and my periods were light but I couldn 't take the stomach pain anymore.
I 've had acne for a long time, all my teen years into adulthood. I 'm 29 now and finally asked my doctor to prescribe something. I 'm about 3 wks into taking Doxycycline and I had noticed slight improvement until a few days ago. I just got my period and dear god, my acne is more cystic and crazy than ever! It 's mainly on my cheeks and chin now (which seems to be what others have experienced on this medication) and they are large, painful and ugly. Ugh. I 'm truly hoping this is the whole &quot;getting worse before it gets better&quot; thing. I 'm gonna stick with it and hope that this is just a one time thing. I also began using the Acne Free Severe system with this med, so we shall see. Oh, and the first day I took the med, I vomited. Must eat prior!
I went on Accutane when I was 18 years old. You have to be on birth control before and have 2 negative pregnancy tests before being prescribed Accutane. Then you have to be tested every month for pregnancy. It took me about 6 months to actually begin the treatment. You need to be very strict and diligent about taking it. You will NOT starting seeing any improvement for at least 6 months (I was on it for a year) and your acne might get a little worse before it gets better. My skin did clear up a lot after I was on it. However, 4 years later it all came back for some reason. Side effects include: very dry skin (face, hands, feet, etc.) I would recommend it for anyone who has moderate to severe acne.
This form of birth control helps with my making my period lighter and way less painful but it has caused me to have both weight gain and crazy mood swings. I 've only been on this pill for 5 months but it 's already causing me a headache. I feel depressed at times, upset and even having problems when it comes to my sex drive. I 'm not sure if that 's this birth control or what but I 'm only 21. I shouldn 't be having these problems.
I am prescribed 600mg 3x a day.. It most definitely helps with my moods, back pain, and I think helps me relax and sleep. But I also take ambient,and clonazepam also at night.I am also an addict,but I do not abuse these 3 meds. I had a problem with pain killers and xanax.which now I take subutek to help with the cravings for these 2 meds. And I will say if you take them like your prescribed then they Will help you.   But of course you need a sponsor and go to meetings.
I 've sweated excessively since about 6th grade. I would always get comments on it, and I would avoid doing a lot of physical activity. But when I reached 9th grade and had gym everyday, I realized how embarrassing it was to be the only one covered in buckets of sweat. I was really self conscious about it until I saw a dermatologist. He prescribed Hypercare and it worked immediately after I started using it. After a few weeks though I noticed a lot of irritation, I had been following all instructions but my under arms were blood red. I saw the dermatologist again and he prescribed Xerac ac. It 's not as irritating but unfortunately less effective.
I was on Topamax 2x 50 mg worked perfect for 31 days, then the effect wore off, now I am on day 3, Dr. Increased dosage 100mg 2x per day, works perfect. I am cautious as I have been 6 months relapse free on 60 mg fluoxetine before the effects wore off. Will give an update. I have been on all other kinds of SSRIs or SNRIs, which had no effect. My history, I am 42 years old, I have treatment refractory Bulimia since 28 years, purging type. Start with AN with a simple diet, normal childhood, no trauma or abuse, two lengthy hospital stays in the 80s and 90s   5 years of CGJung psychoanalysis all to 0 avail. Learned a lot but have never been in recovery. I try anything to be better.
I 'm 22 years old and trilosprintec is the first BC which I have consistently taken, for the past 5 months. At first, my periods were totally abnormal and lasted a long time. I even had my period twice in one month. The acne is mild to low, but has only gotten worse since I 've gotten older, anyways. Most of the time when i get my period, the discharge smells horrible! Unlike any period blood ive had. Sorry if thats TMI. My sex drive is pretty much non existent. I asked my dermatologist for a low androgen BC because I have issues with hair loss and read online that it 's not good to take high androgen BC when dealing with it.  Hair loss has not changed. Physician is switching me to Gildess 1/20 &amp; I 'm scared. Wish me luck!
I 'm about to finish my first pack and I have mixed reviews. During the first 2 weeks I was craving sugar like crazy.  About the third week that calmed down though.  I started taking Safyral because I was having break through bleeding with LoEstrin and already Safryal has regulated my period to just the week of my placebo pills.  My period started late, but that 's not a big deal considering this is my first month on this birth control.  The most annoying side effect is the bloating.  I don 't think I 've ever felt this bloated ever and I NEVER get cramps on my period, but I 'm having cramps with this pill.  I 'm sure these symptoms will calm down as my body gets used to it, if not, I 'm switching to something different.
I started to experience feeling dizzy a lot, lightheaded, really bad headaches and also nausea. I can 't eat as much as I would like too or used too because most of the time I feel sick. And sometimes I don 't like to go out because I feel too dizzy or have a crazy headache. I 'll take ibuprofen or Tylenol and I get nauseous! I 've had crazy mood swings that I 've never seen myself have before. My depression has increased so much that I 'm starting to think that my  kids would be fine without me.. it literally has taken over my life. Honestly not sure if it 's the nexplanon doing all this but I haven 't felt like this until I got my implant. I 'm hoping if I take it out it 'll all go away!!! Totally life changing
I am a male, and my girlfriend was using Nuvaring for a few months. It definitely does what it says as far as birth control goes, however, it hurt my penis. 
In the past week, suddenly I started having frequent urination and painful urges to urinate.  It became so bad that I was going every couple minutes.  I ended up in the ER.  My urine culture came back fine, by blood tests came back fine, my X-Ray and CT scans were both negative.  They assumed I had just passed a kidney stone and sent me home.  The frequency and urge persisted and I wasn 't getting sleep and stopped going to work.  FINALLY, the doctor prescribed me Flomax.  I have an appointment to get a bladder ultrasound tomorrow and to see a urologist in two weeks.They think there is a possibility I may have Intersistial Cystitis.  I just took my first dose of Flomax and have no idea what to expect.  Suggestions?
I was on Yaz and it was the BEST! I had no acne, very light and short periods, no weight gain, and no mood swings. The only bad thing with Yaz was my hair began to thin and it was very dry. I never had sex on Yaz so I don 't know how effective it was at that. On Apri, I now have mild acne especially on my period and I have horrible periods at that. Very heavy with lots of cramping. My appetite increased so much to the point I have gained 8 pounds. After a year of dealing with Apri I switched to Beyaz since it has folate, which is good for hair and a baby if I ever do get pregnant! 
I was prescribed pylera after a triple therapy failed, i 'm now on my last day of it.The gastritis pain, is slowly going away but still there ( you will have to wait the next 4 weeks for it to heal ).The first 5 days i didn 't feel anything different, then day 5 i had terrible headache, anxiety and nausea.day 6 and onward my body adapted and it became less powerful but still pretty crappy, I 'm not gonna lie to you, you basically feel hangover for the last 4 days.Drink a lot, force yourself to eat and go out (computer will make headache horrible ).Stay strong brothers, its a pain but this has 90% success rate.
I was prescribed Celexa for anxiety. I had previously tried Prozac, which made things even worse. Celexa (10mg) was great. I felt better, just a bit more evened out, and less anxious. It 's definitely not a xanax but it helped me to feel more like myself. However, it also made me gain about 15 pounds in only 3 months. During this time I was exercising, eating healthfully, and still gaining. I eventually weaned myself off it. Weaning myself off was *terrible*. Nausea, inability to concentrate, etc.
I have been using Lyrica for 1 year or so for FMS. It has taken care of the larger muscle pains but does NOTHING for the life-sucking body ache that I have suffered with since 1978. Nor does it stop my back pain. I take hydrocodone to deal with the body ache/back pain. I have good days and bad days still, but when the day is good, very little muscle pain. Downside: I have gained a great deal of weight. Also there seems to be a great deal of fluid retention with Lyrica, a diuretic helps. 
I have been on Cymbalta for my Fibromyalgia since Nov.2014.I had loved this med,helped some what with my pain and also helped my moods. (I called it my happy pill..lol)I have been experiencing many months of restless sleep and extreme sweating! I never considered it was my wonder drug.But it is,it has to be..Cymbalta is the only drug I take and the only change for me in a year. Also I have gained an excessive amount of weight ! I can not handle this extreme sweating,also very fatigued. I am starting today to ween off of it..my doc started me on Lyrcia.I sure hope this helps!So tired of being tired and in pain..
So my periods have been really irregular the last couple of years. My dr prescribed Nora-BE. I started my period two weeks after starting the pill and am still experiencing heavy bleeding after 9 days. I guess this is one of the possible side effects but I 'm going to follow up with my gyno. Anyone else experience this?
All depends on the individual I actually found that Keppra made my seizures WORSE. I started taking Keppra and was fine for 2 years with no side affects, no seizures, nothing, then 1 day I had a massive grand Mal seizure the doctors keep upping my dose. Now I am on the maximum dose but still having seizures. Before I took Keppra I had only a few fits in my life now I have them about once every couple of weeks.
My reason for taking yaz was my bad cystic acne, which completely stopped in the 1St week!! Wow right..now just waiting for the skin to heal. However, my last week was kinda hell, constipated for more than 4 days and starting to get cramps, worse than before,my mental stability was a bit rough the 1st week. I 'm giving it 3 months to see what happens, feeling hopeful as my body is adjusting!
Before having my daughter I was on Desogen for 5 yrs, with an amazing experience. It took me two yrs to get pregnant after stopping. Requested the same after baby with little difference. Had to switch 3 months ago for insurance reasons and have been miserable since. I am way more moody (weepy/short fuse), I 've gained 5-7 lbs.  Terrible bloating the week before my period as well as nausea/vomiting and bad cramps a few days before. Worst symptom: complete destruction of my sex drive.Like... I could really care less. I also started a week early this time for some reason. I am switching back next month and paying the $32 dollars a month until my doctor decides he believes me when I say that one child is enough for me.
I 've only been on the Tri-Sprintec pill for a little bit to help my acne clear up and regulate my periods. So the first few days have been fine, but my vagina itches like crazy. It wasn 't that bad until the Wednesday after I started the pill. I don 't think I 've been on it long enough to notice changes in my acne or weight, but I didn 't know if anyone else has had the same experience as I have had so far? I also haven 't been sick or really felt that bad except for a little stomach aches.
Cipro caused me to have horrible panic attacks. I have been dealing with anxiety for the last 1.5 years, but had been doing so much better the last 5 months or so. I was prescribed it for a UTI, after my original antibiotic wouldn 't be covered by ins. and I couldn 't afford it. I will never take it again if I can help it all. It has set me back so much and even though I 've finished it up over a week ago I am dealing with worsened anxiety still. I know it was the medication. I haven 't been that bad since I started having trouble to begin with. It was awful. I 've also had a lot of stomach issues since and can 't help but wonder if it was the medication. I think the stuff is like poison for some people!!
Ever since I started to use Yaz, I have gotten night sweats that are horrible. I wake up drenched and I have a loss of sex drive and I 'm only 18 so that 's not good.
Been an addict for 5 years. Was so difficult to get off, because of the pain of withdrawal and medical issues. Suboxone absolutely works for the pain I endure with having a herniated disc. I also suffer with kidney stone disease and migraines. Suboxone doesn 't help with that, and nothing else will because Suboxone blocks it. I 'm put in a difficult situation. I don 't want to relapse, but the last time I had a stone and couldn 't take any pain meds, the pain was so much I passed out. I sometimes feel I traded one addiction for another.
18, got skyla implant 5 weeks ago. The procedure was excruciating. It was like period cramps on steroids. I took 800 mg ibuprofen and it still didn 't help. I bleed and cramp everyday to the point where I want to go to the ER. There are some cases where skyla moves and that causes the severe pain so I 'm going to get an ultrasound and see about getting it taken out. If you 're sexually active then, yes get skyla. But if you rarely have sex or don 't have sex at all, save yourself the pain and trouble.
I have been taking 10mg then upped it to 25mg nightly since October. Now I 'm not sure if it was migraines I was actually having. I am on holiday in Australia from New Zealand and was on a short trip on the plane from Sydenham to the Gold Coast, 10 minutes in and the light through the bind was too bright so I took 100 mg Sumitriptan as they are pretty fast working but not this time. I lost my vision straight away and ended up having emergency surgery up my nose on a burst pituarty gland so close to my Brain it was bleeding and only so much removed, it benign thank goodness but I 'm blind in my right eye possibly permanent and only about 20% vision in my left eye with no left vision and it could take at least a year to function properly.
It worked very well for me, but beware of not eating enough before taking. I threw up quite a bit. 
I have it for less than a year. Was great at first but I have had my period for 4 weeks straight... I have not gained weight but my skin is not as nice as it was when I was on the pill. I am considering having it removed since I would prefer to have regular consistent periods than one for 4 weeks and counting
I got the implant March 2016. The insertion They numb the skin with lidocaine and then you don 't feel the insertion at all. After it was bruised and sore for a week when touched. A month after I started bleeding very heavy and clots, lots of bad cramps and nausea. That period lasted 18 days all very heavy my doctor said it 's normal So I just waited it out. Then no bleeding for about 8 weeks and 2 days after my gastric bypass surgery I started spotting and then it went from heavy to light flow different every day. That went on for 45 days. Then had a biopsy to be sure it was the implant causing the issue. Normal yay! Now back to heavy bleeding 1 week after that stopped. Doc said give it 6 months so I 'm waiting.
This is my first yeast infection. I was too scared to tell anyone. So I dealt with it for almost a week. But last night I couldn 't handle it anymore. So I told my mum. She called. And the doctor sent in a prescription. I took the pill earlier around 1.30 pm.It 's now 1.41 am.It took away a lot of the itching a burning when I pee. But it still slightly hurts to wipe. And it 's slightly itchy.I have another dose I can take. But I 'm waiting to see if this will help. And clear up by tomorrow or get better.
Has anyone encountered problems with their eyes after being on Amour Thyroid.  It is curious to me that I feel better than I have in a long time, however, things keep happening to my eyes.. ...First a detached retina, cataracts, and now macular problems. Never had eye problems before and my vision stayed the same as when I was 12 years old until last year when I started Amour. Any connection???
My kids do great in school, but on weekends I do not give the Vyvanse to them, they just sit and stare at the walls.
I am now on the last week of my second pack of Tri Previfem. I started using this medicine only for birth control, and it has caused many side effects. The first few weeks I had severe headaches and since I started taking it, I have noticed weight gain, also my breasts have definitely become bigger and are always very sore. The first month of taking it my period was much heavier than usual and lasted longer. I have noticed I have been more depressed as well. However; for the purpose of birth control I haven 't gotten pregnant. But I think I will be switching to a different one soon.
I used the gel for 2 1/2 months after TKR 3-4 times/day. Part of the time I used the extra-strength version. I thought that it was moderately effective for pain and swelling. However, three weeks after stopping I still cannot get the odor out of my body. The extra-strength version has a different carrier, thicker and with a strong odor, and I would not use it again.
I LOVED the nexplanon, but sadly i had to get it removed :( i got it over 10 months ago (they say it takes about 9 to be in full effect) i had no weight gain, no emotional instability, no acne, no blotting, still had a sex drive. But my periods got progressively worse.. they say its normal to have &quot;break through&quot; bleeding.. but mine was ridiculous.. I had non-stop period for over 2 months.. so sadly I had to get it removed and my period stopped the next day after it was out. I loved the convenience and not having to worry about anything.. but hopefully it works better for you!!
I was just prescribed this antibiotic today due to a staph infection in each leg from shaving. My doctor mentioned MSRA, needless to say I 'm freaking out over this. Regardless, it 's been about 4 hours since I took the first pill - obviously the infection sites haven 't gotten any better, but I 'm hoping they do. As far as side effects go, I 'm lucky so far to only have a little bit of heartburn and slight nausea/loss of appetite. I 'm crossing my fingers this stuff works for me!
I started on Vytorin high dose and it worked well, then it was cut in half and continued to work.  After about two years I had some bad blood work and due to the Vytorin my CK enzymes were just under 2000. I am off if it altogether. 
Need to take with another med. Sometimes feel groggy next day.
I had chronic prostatitis for years. Took Ciprofloxacin 500 mg twice daily. First few days it worked like magic, all my symptoms almost completely gone. By the end of the first week, symptoms returned somehow. After 2 weeks of treatment, symptoms were all there back again. Completed 45 days (over 6 weeks) of treatment and then stopped it. Don 't know exactly why it didn 't work. Side effects included some headache, dizziness, anxiety, and lack of sleep.
I 've been taking this pill for 15 days and have experienced break through bleeding from day 1 until now. I have mild to little cramps, some nausea but no acne or weight gain. If it wasn 't for the breakthrough bleeding I would continue this pill. I am getting married in 25 days and there is no sign of the bleeding stopping, for that reason I am very depressed and unhappy. I was not warned about these side effects before taking it. I 've tried taking it with grapefruit juice to slow down the estrogen metabolism, that didn 't work. 
I have been taking this drug for 8mths. It was helping at first but the hot flushes are coming back more frequently now and I 'm tearing up a lot lately. I had bloods done and asked if I could take a higher dosage as because the test showed I 'm am definitely going through the change. She said no as it would increase my chance of breast cancer. I take .3 each night.
So I have my colonoscopy in two hours &amp; had to do my prep last night. I drank clear liquids all day yesterday &amp; was so hungry! I took my first dose at about 4:30pm, and let me tell you. The taste is so horribly indescribable. I thought I was going to puke the entire time. Then you are supposed to drink 32oz of water in two hours. As if you&rsquo;re not already feeling sick &amp; full. It started working in about an hour &amp; lasted until about 10pm. I had nightmares all night about having to wake up and drink it again at 5am. I also had really pain intestinal pains that kept waking me up all night. 4:45 rolls around &amp; I force myself to drink the Suprep &amp; the same thing ... started gagging and was so close to vomiting.. hopefully I&rsquo;ll be all cleaned out
My understanding is that using a gel helps provide a more even dose that going with shots.  I do have to comment on the strong smell of Testim.  Its not a bad smell however it is too strong.  Would you want to go into an important business meeting after having dumped on a half bottle of some strong perfume?  Not me. I am considering asking my doctor for alternatives to Testim just because of its smell.
I have been using Ambien for several years and I seem to have built a tolerance so that I am no longer falling asleep nor staying asleep.  (Note:  I have used both Ambien and Ambien CR).  I was on a &quot;local&quot; trip and had forgotten my Ambien, so I asked my Dr if she had samples of anything that would help me sleep.  She gave me Silenor samples.  While I was extremely happy with the sleep, I did wake up &quot;hungover&quot; and had a hard time getting moving.  I also experienced very real hallucinations.  Don 't know if they will lessen with use, but I am going to ask for a months supply to see if it works out after an adjustment period.
I had written a previous review and was loving this implant. Had super light periods, no side effects, all that. Well, now I 'm 6 months into having it, and didn 't have a period for 2 months straight, which was wonderful. Well, now I 'm well into the 2nd week straight of my period. Just enough bleeding to irritate me, and as you can imagine, the boyfriend is not pleased, and neither am I. I get that I didn 't have it for 2 months, but just as I think my period is tapering off, it comes back the next day. Can 't foresee it ending any time soon at this rate. If this period doesn 't end within the next week, I 'll be going to the doctor to discuss other options.
The first night I took this medication, I almost ran out of breath before climbing the stairs from the basement to my room (it 's as if my respiratory system was somewhat repressed). It also caused some chest/heart pain. On the other hand, I slept well for those two nights. The side effects may be more dangerous than one 's condition. Please be careful.
I have been on Tysabri since Jan 2015. Every month, about 7 days before my next infusion, my body is completely ravished with joint pain, pain &amp; fatigue in my arms and legs. I have a cob web feeling in my left shoulder blade and my hands remain numb. I have been forced to go to the ER because the pain was intolerable. A few times I made it to my infusion but couldn 't walk and the pain was so great they had to give me Dilaudid before my infusion. It usually takes 3  days after the infusion for the pain to subside . Every single month I spend 10 days in hell, but I am blessed to get 20 days of normal life. The FDA needs to understand that this drug does not last 28 days, this should be a 21 day cycle, otherwise people suffer with this drug.
I got the implant after finding out birth control pills were the cause of my migraine attacks. My doctor inserted the rod in April 2015. I had no problems with the insertion and the incision healed in three days. I was on cloud nine until about two weeks after when I spotted almost everyday with a week in between. During in this time I was constantly suffering with BV and yeast. I contacted my doctor who advised me to wait three to six months for my body to adjust. I agreed and the birth control finally was in sync with my body around October; or so I thought.In June of this year, after having a period that lasted anywhere from three to five days a month, I started spotting a heavy, uncomfortable  tar-like discharge. Time to take it out.
OH  HELP MEI was a little scared because I felt like my kitty was gonna explode. I started to look for reviews to see if I was the only one having this burning situation, I regret  not reading the comments before applying this product. Now I 'm  going on my second night and this burning sensation is unbearable, it 's been almost an hour that I applied the cream and still feel my kitty on fire. I really hope all this is worth it. Cross your fingers ladies and pray you don 't ever get a YI ever again.
Although Apri was very effective in doing its main job, preventing pregnancy, the side effects were very bad. I had perfectly clear skin prior to going on Apri, and about a month after starting I started having very severe break outs. I had noticeable mood swings that were not present before going on Apri. After being on Apri for 5 months, I have now switched to Sprintec which is a pill with a higher dose of estrogen. After being on Sprintec for a month I have noticed my skin clearing slightly and no crying spells before my period. Works better for me and would recommend it over Apri!
Severe bronchitis slowly subsiding after 30 hours. Side effect some bloating, stomach ache, after 4 doses amoxicillin.  
I have only been taking this medication for 2 weeks. It has been pretty up and down for me each and everyday. I requested help for anxiety made worse by PMS. I started on 2.5mg and had scary anxiety, worse than what I was even taking it for, mild dry mouth, dizziness, and head sensations that were not quite painful but annoying. Just when I thought it was getting better, side effects seem to come and go as they please. I know that 2 weeks is not a fair amount of time to evaluate the drug completely and while my PMS was improved this month, I feel different, and not in a good way. I don 't know how much longer I will give it a go.
I rated this at 50% because I 'm not quite sure what 's going on and how I feel about it. I have Raynaud 's syndrome and my hands and feet are constantly cold, blue, white, etc. If I 'm in the heat or long showers, my feet turn bright red and get painful. If I 'm doing physical activties my hands get red and swollen. Anyway, I took this medicine for the first time at about 8:30 last night. It 's now 4am and my feet are bright red, swollen, and painful, and my only minor relief is to keep my feet elevated (which can get tricky at work). They are warm, and my hands are warm, which is much different than usual, but this swelling is very bothersome. I 'm not sure which is worse- before the meds or now. Right now, I think I 'd rather take the cold.
I have been taking tri-lo-sprintec for over a year now, but in the last 4-ish months, I 've started to get worse PMS super bloated, tender breasts, exhaustion, and mild anxiety and lack of motivation, even for my favorite sport, rock climbing. My sex drive has even gone down, and I used to be insatiable. I initially went on this birth control to clear up my acne and it used to help my PMS symptoms but now they are back and just as severe, if not worse, and they start week 2 of my pack and last until my period starts. Except my skin is still clear, that is the only benefit.I 've been incredibly uncomfortable and I am on my last pack, hopefully getting an IUD when I get my next period. I used to feel great on this, now I feel terrible.
I take 150mg of this everyday for anxiety. I was previously on Paxil for a few years, which stopped working for me. It 's pretty good at helping me control my anxiety, however, if I forget to take the pill by more than 4 hours from the previous day (exactly 8am day 1, past Noon day 2) I get the worst withdrawals: dizziness, nausea, diarrhea, fatigue, insomnia. Then when I remember to take it if I had forgotten, it takes a few hours to kick in and for the side effects to go away. I never experienced this with Paxil. If it weren 't for this issue than I would give Effexor XR 9/10.
I love Apri. I tried another birth control, and it made me so depressed, but on Apri I feel just fine. The only problem is that in 18 months on the pill I have gained about 20 pounds, with very little change in my diet and exercise. It is SO HARD to lose weight on Apri.
I am a physician and I started Crestor 5 mg since 1 year and after 6 months my cardiologist increase the dose to 10 mg once daily Liver enzymes were ok However, I have suffered of severe pain at my upper back muscles and this pain was persistent and not relived by rest I got the feeling that with any minor exercise all my muscles start to be so painful and aching. I have red all your reviews below and I decided to lower the dose and take Crestor every other day and I will see If the pain will disappear or not and I will discuss that as well with my cardiologist.
I took the medicine for the first time last night 4/2/16, I was given the medication because I had an allergic reaction to Topamax. Amerge made me really sleepy, a little dizzy, draining ears and really bad heartburn. I 'm not pleased with having these side effects especially not the nasty heartburn or the draining ears which are very itchy.  The medication did work for me but I can 't give it a 10 star due to the side effects. I 'm not so sure that I would take this on a regular basis. If I do, I 'm definitely going to take Zantac prior to taking the medication.
I got the kyleena on May 22nd, right before school had ended. I 'm 18 years old and I had been on the pills for a while, they worked. The thing with them though, I had 3 periods while taking them. That 's besides the point. The placing only felt like cramps, but I 'm not the type to have cramps while being on my monthly. Now, I 'm cramping a lot! Well, I have had the kyleena for a month and some days and I have bled everyday. Like currently it 's actually a lot of bleeding. When I first got it that day it was just spotting, now I 'm bleeding a lot everyday. I don 't really like this. My partner can feel the threads that hang out, he said it doesn 't hurt through. I don 't think I 'd recommend this to others. I mean unless you 're willing to bleed.
I was diagnosed with ADHD in 8th grade and put on 20mg of Concerta which has since risen to 54mg extended release in the day and 10mg immediate release in the evening for when I do my homework. At first the medicine was great- it allowed me to focus and my grades went up significantly. However over the past year or so I have been experiencing negative side effects such as depression, headaches, and loss of appetite. I can manage the headaches and appetite problems but as for the depression, it is so bad that I am considering switching to another brand or changing my dose because when I am on Concerta I become virtually emotionless, and as a result I am struggling to maintain good relationships with my friends and family members.
It helped tremendously with my depression but do not use if you 're a woman.It causes total numbness of the clitoris. My gynecologist told me to stop taking it.
I have been taking Alli for approximately 2 weeks now. I weighed in and seemed to have gained weight. I am 5 '1 ,158 lbs starting weight. I now weigh 166 lbs. I try to watch what i eat but have a very hard time. this product is recommended for those with excellent self control. i do however know that the product is working as they say it will due to the change in bowel movements.
Had it placed May 2015, minimal pain - a pinch and a menstrual-type cramp, and it was done! I had it removed July 2016. During those 14 months, I had no period whatsoever. No cramps, no PMS, no spotting. Never a discomfort at all! So why did I take it out? Within 3 weeks of insertion, I gained 12 pounds. My GYN said it had nothing to do with the mirena, I &quot;just wasn 't being honest&quot; with myself about my food intake. The weight gain continued about 5 months and topped out at 35 pounds. I was exercising and monitoring my calories this whole time. My PCP put me on meds to lose weight, to no avail. It finally dawned on me that it must be the mirena, despite what my GYN says!! Had it not been for the weight gain, I would have kept mirena forever.
DONT USE THE CREAM UNLESS YOU WANT TO BURN! The suppository is amazing, it has been clearing everything up great! I got my period the day I started using it, so things have been a bit messy but other than that it 's amazing!!However right after putting the cream on after taking a shower and laying in bed the burning started, I 've been a bit red and irritated down there(from all the wiping...) so I figured it would help with that and the YI, but oh lord was I wrong. It 's hell. I had to go to the bathroom and take another shower just to get it to stop burning. Never use the cream.
It does as it should: it prevents pregnancy.  Other than that I 've gained weight and struggled to lose (still haven 't and still struggling). My mood swings are awful. I bleed for up to two weeks at a time, although no cramps. My sleep pattern is erratic and I wake for two hours nightly and almost always lethargic and no energy or motivation. My appetite is ferocious. I also lost my sex drive which negated its purpose. I 've since had the coil put in and awaiting to see if things will improve.
This is day two of taking 20mg twice daily of geodon. So far I yawn a lot and could fall asleep about 30 mins to an hour after taking it. That I really hate, because I was already always exhausted to begin with BUT I will say I have noticed I 'm a lot less paranoid and can actually walk slowly without thinking im being chased, it is rather pleasant, now when I see or hear things I know its just my head and can leave it be and not go into paranoid mode, I really hope the sleepiness subsides
I had infected wisdom tooth. the doctor prescribed flagyl 400mg thrice a day and it works. I 'm on day 3rd over 5 days, the inflammation and pain stopped within 48 hours but the headache is constant, and I 'm feeling tired. like I wanted to go to bed just after I wake up. I am so confuse if I should continue it or not. I 'm taking the ibuprofen and paracetamol now not because of the toothache but because of the headache im getting from flagyl. it is effective but i really hope the manufacturers would come up for an upgraded version with less side effects
Helps with hot flashes and night sweats but I 've put on 8 pounds- in 3 weeks - freaking me out anyone else having this issue? I 'm hoping it will level out and I 'll go back to my normal weight, I 'm small framed person and never had this happen so quickly- nothing fits me!
Be careful when taking this medicine. Very helpful to relieve depression, but will interfere with your sleep. After only taking it for 4 days, I was fired for falling asleep on the job because I did not hear the phone or the knock on the dept door.  I do not remember going to sleep as I usually would and normally I 'm a very light sleeper. It also made me sweat a lot and I lost the ability to cry. On the good side, it relieved my depression, I lost my appetite and my thoughts became much clearer.
Take a pair of pliers after you purchase a new bottle and crack the red casing off.  Clear top underneath will open and you will be able to breathe again.
I had this inserted a couple of weeks ago.  Insertion was painful but didn 't last long.  Just started my first period since insertion and I 've never had cramps this painful in my life.  Felt like I was in labor.  Period is much heavier and my abdomen is tender.  I 'm going to hang in there and give this a shot since I am 44, a smoker, and didn 't want to risk being on the pill anymore.  I am told the negative side effects should taper off, so I 'll have to wait and see.  Sex was a little painful at first - I don 't know if it 's just my being nervous about possible pain, but I felt little twinges of pain during.  We 'll see how it goes and I 'll post updates as I go.
HiI was put on 10mg. amlodipine mid December by my cardiologist. After 4 weeks, bouts of insomnia started creeping in, nausea (to the point that my stomach wanted to really vomit), and my hands and feet started to sweat profusely. After a week, I started feeling tingling sensations in my hands and feet as well as palpitations. I fainted at work about 1.5 weeks ago, doctors couldn 't find out what the problem was. I almost fainted last Sunday, and again doctors couldn 't see what the problem was, though maybe it could be side effects of the amlodipine. The cardiologist shifted me over to enalapril 10mg instead. Been off the drug for 3 days now, but still feel side effects. When do they disappear?
I 'v been on Armour thyroid for over fifteen years except for one year when I had a physician who would not prescribe Armour.  Synthroid was a nightmare for me.  However, in the last several years, I have noticed a definite difference in each refill of Armour.  One refill leaves me fat and moody and the next one may cause me to feel normal and lose five or six pounds effortlessly.  This is NOT OK for anyone.  A huge price increase and such an inferior, and unpredictable product should make us all angry.  Our hands are tied unless we can buy the manufacturer.
I found Savella helpful for my fibromyalgia.  I was on 50 mg x day.  I was probably on it two years when I began to get high blood pressure, palpitations, drenching sweats and a general feeling of unrest.  I stopped taking it and all side effects began to leave.  I could not tolerate taking it anymore.  I did not think it was really doing much until I stopped taking it and as it left my system I began feeling flare ups of fibromyalgia symptoms.  I find I am sensitive to Neurontin, Lyrica, prednisone, many medications.
Today is my first day using Retain A 0.04% microderm Gel. I work in a pharmacy and the Rph told me when using this gel I have to also use clindamyacin 1% lotion before the gel. She also told me to use minocycline 100 mg capsules as well. Anyway , she said it will work alone but will work excellent together( gel &amp; lotion). Then the capsules will top it off. My face (due a thyroidectomy that was performed) was always CLEAR. Within 6 months I had a lot of scars and pimples galore . I tried Epiduo, Nuquin, proactive, RX for brown skin, no7  everything but my hormones are out of wack. Hopefully this combo will work. Will keep ya posted.
We have noticed that when our mom decided to stop taking this medicine she became weak and tired. She has only been taking the it for 3 weeks. Was told she has Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis in March 2014. Wish we didn 't have to jump over so many walls to get answers. Got to love Medicare!
I have had psoriatic arthritis since age 10.  The deformities in my hands are very, very severe.  I have taken methotrexate for about 6 weeks, and don 't notice a difference, except have been feeling sick to my stomach, tired, and bowel - movements are painful and a little blood is visible.  Kinda scary--I see my rhematologist in a few weeks.  Psoriasis patches seem burning or itchier.
I have had Implanon for two and a half years. The first three months were bliss: no period, no weight gain. Around four months I started to get acne, something I never had in high school and my periods came randomly. Some months I bled for 3 weeks on and off. Other months I would have 2 four day periods about a week apart. I never knew when I would start or stop. At two years I decided the irregular periods were too much and went to my gynecologist. She prescribed me low doses of estrogen. Since starting the estrogen my period have become more regular. All in all Implanon has done it 's job; I am not and have never been pregnant, and the side effects are worth being kid-free for three years.
Not good.
I began taking Aubra five months ago. For the first three weeks, I suffered from constant nausea, severe headaches, shortness of breath,  IBS like symptoms, emotional instability, and I felt extremely lethargic. After those three weeks, those symptoms disappeared. However, now five months in, I have absolutely no sex drive, my last period lasted 13 days, and I have been in a depressed-like rut for about two months. On the bright side, my boobs got bigger, I have not gained any weight, and my acne has decreased. Since these symptoms are much better than the alternative, (getting pregnant) I have decided to continue taking the pill.  Once my prescription expires, though, I believe I will be switching to another brand.
I am in my 2nd month of taking xeloda after going through 36 rounds of chemotherapy since 2013. My intake of xeloda is 3 pills every twelve hours for 7 days and off 7 days. The side effect I am experiencing is the discoloration of the inside of my hands and the bottom of my feet, they also tingle and are painful at times. I am often tired and have also had pain in my shoulder and chest. I don 't know if this medicine will keep the cancer from coming back, but I 'd rather deal with these side effects than the chemo.
I had the Nexplanon implant inserted on May 30th, 2013. My husband works abroad so we didn 't want to risk a pregnancy when we weren 't living together all the time.The insertion was pain free and I had minimal bruising. The entire 3 years I had very few bleeds, if any. That 's about where the good parts of Nexplanon end for me.It was only after the implants removal three weeks ago that I realise how badly it affected me the entire time. I had severe mood swings, depression and anxiety, and at the time didn 't chalk it up to the fact I had the implant. Since its removal, my family have seen a dramatic difference in me.
Controlled my blood pressure for awhile but had some mild stomach/diarrhea problems. Dr. had to double my dosage because my blood pressure increased a lot and we could not get it down. When I started the double strength 300/320, I have had diarrhea every time I take it. 
I just got my MIrena put in on the 28th of Sept and the insertion was really pain. I am 20 with no children and am using this to help stop heavy period. I have been having some very bad cramping on and off for the past weeks and I am having a little spotting for my period but nothing serious. I think it 's a good option and I hope the cramps go away!
I titrated up over two months, 10 mg at a time until I reached 50 mg.  The side effects for me were:  bad dreams, increased appetite, tiredness, heartburn, decreased sex drive, and sadness.  I began taking the medicine at 7 PM and that eliminated the bad dreams.  However, the medicine made me feel depressed.  I would feel sad and start crying for no reason.  This was all in the first 2 months and then the side effects went away.  I have been at 50 mg for almost 3 months now and I feel normal!  While it was hard for me in the first few months, I stuck with it and sure enough the side effects went away.  Unfortunately, I&rsquo;ve been getting more migraines recently, and so I&rsquo;m instructed to titrate up to 90 mg...  So I 'm not sure if it works yet
Well I took augmentin for 5 days and I solved my problem along with a probiotic. But it had started making me nauseous and felt like vomiting. I would say it effective though.
Was prescribed Linzess for chronic constipation. Within 6 days I gained 7 pounds. When you 're only 120 pounds, 7 is great! I 'm an extremely active person and healthy eater. Thought it was water weight from the medicine, but been off the medicine for over a week and still weigh the same. Wish I had seen all the posts online about rapid and stubborn weight gain prior to taking the it!
I have been taking Ocella for 7 months now. At first I felt very sick about an hour after taking a pill so I had to eat something every time I was taking it, however I didn 't gain any weight. On a contrary I have lost some, weird I know. Nausea went away after a first cycle, my period became lighter, I don 't have bad cramps anymore or before period acne. My issue is terrible mood swings right before and when on my period as some of you were saying I feel insane. I can 't control my emotions. Also recently I start feeling fatigued. I feel tired all the time, almost depressed, especially right before my period. I have never acted this way before.
At first, when I began taking Prozac, I had a lost more &quot;episodes&quot;. I just cried in my bedroom for hours; I can 't even describe the emotions, if I could even call them that, going through me. It was like a dark part of me took over, and it wanted nothing but an end; I don 't even to what. Everything was way worse; multiple suicidal thoughts per a single day were not uncommon. Gradually, I started feeling better; there was no sudden happiness or peace, but I felt normal. Now, I just don 't know what 's going on with me. Stress and everything is piling up on me, once again. Eating is a chore. I feel like I 'm on the brink of falling apart, on the thin line between sanity&amp;insanity. I don 't want life or death. I want to not exist. I 'm just confused
I took  200mg a day for 9 months, I noticed  a mild change, but still depressed. Now I 'm taking 300mg, but sometimes I feel really bad, small problems seemed very big and difficult to handle. I ask myself not to make a big deal, but  I can 't calm myself.
Hi there can somebody please help me as I 've been on citalopram 20mg for 16 days now do feel a little bit better but not there yet. I want to be my self again as I 've got no control over my mind feels like I 'm going crazy can some body please let me know
I have been on Axiron for 1 month. Before this my T level was 172, now it 's 490. During this time I was reading this forum. I read how guys felt incredible after 3 days. Well the discussion I had with my doctor today was this, WHY don%u2019t I feel any different, I go to the gym approx 3-4 times a week, and really give it when I 'm there. I 'm 180lbs, and my body size is slim and trim, but no muscle mass. I thought this would at least help me in the gym?The Doctor explain that in no way should I know any change until at least using this medicine for 3 months. As for muscle mass, this should take approximately a year after taking Axiron. Guess I 'll just be patient.
I just started taking Sprintec not too long ago. So far it has been good. The only problem I have is that it seems like I have more acne than I did before I went on birth control. I have also skipped a couple days and then by taking the pills I missed I felt sick and I felt hungry all the time.
I started taking Ambien CR 12.5mg for insomnia and it initially worked very well. Sometime around my 4th month on it I started to unknowingly wake and take at least one (or more???) during the night. One morning I awoke to find about half my bottle of pills spilled on the floor by my bed. Another time I awoke to find an empty drink glass beside my bed. Apparently I had got up and mixed a drink (maybe more than one???) . . . SCARY STUFF! No more Ambien for me, EVER.
Definitely helped to reduce my congestion. I took it at 7PM and literally did not sleep at all that night. Had I known that this would happen, I would not have taken it in the evening.
Okay so. I 've been on Epiduo for about two and a half years now. I 'm a swimmer so my face is already dried out enough and I have to use a LOT of moisturiser. And for the past couple of times I 've put it on, waited for it to dry, about an hour later I put my moisturiser on and WITHIN MINUTES MY FACE WAS BURNING AND RED. I thought I was having an allergic reaction and was freak if out. so I wet a towel and just put it over my face. It took almost five minutes to calm down. It 's done wonders for my skin but I don 't know if it 's worth it. if my skin dries out anymore wether it be from the chlorine or the Epiduo my face might just flake off all together.
I take my last pill tomorrow.My arm, around the elbow is hurting real bad. Real, real bad.I felt it about a week into it.I did my 6 week blood test and no sign of the hep c. I hope it stays that way.I 'm not sure of my level? 3-4-5? I forgot..It messed with my memory too.Feel confused and not sure of myself.Nothing worse when 500 craft personnel depend on you. I just turned 58.Had this for 20 years is my guess..I haven 't drank alcohol in 3 months.I hope you folks who are starting  the program don 't either. Never had headaches or diarrhea like everyone says.My arm is killing me.Can hardly do anything with it..I hope this rids this terrible virus.I wish the best for everyone.
I am 35 and have been on many methods of birth control since the age of 21. For the past 7 years I have had breakthrough bleeding off and on so my OBGYN suggested I switch to Nuvaring. Breakthrough bleeding has almost completely resolved. But the cons of the ring have been pretty bad - horrible acne (painful bumps, cystic acne on chin/jam), depression, moodiness, crying, trouble focusing, vaginal dryness and discharge, abdominal bloating, etc. I have been on Nuvaring about 7 months now as I was hoping my symptoms would lessen or resolve - not happening so, called OBGYN today and getting a new script for new pill. Pros are that is it convenient. I had no loss of sex drive, no hair loss and never fell out during sex. Just can 't deal with the cons.
I am on day 2 of this antibiotic for a severe sinus infection. On my first dose of the 2 pills, my stomach started becoming upset, it was bloating and overall bad feeling in my gut. Day 2 (which is where I am at now), and I do feel much better concerning my sinus issues but my stomach still hurts and I am bloated. I have been taking this antibiotic for years and have not experienced this before with my stomach. I had something to eat right after taking both doses. But I will say that the sinus pain and pressure in my face and eyes is gone!! Which is a big deal to me. I 'll just have to deal with the stomach pains... they aren 't severe. I am wondering if somehow they have changed the make up of this antibiotic since I haven 't had these issue
It works great for my depression, but it does not help me at all with any of my arthritis pain. I have arthritis in my knees hands and spine. I also have sciatica and degenerative disc disease and it doesn 't work for any of it.
I have a hard time with BC pills due to irritability and being emotional. I must say Lo loestrin Fe really helped my emotional side, but as far as my irritability it was awful. My sex drive was greatly decreased, and I always felt like something was wrong. I really wanted a pill to work, but I 've tried about 3 now and my Dr. thinks I just can 't handle the hormones in pills. 
Don 't know what 's worse....the cellulitis infection or side effects of augmentin. Headache, gassiness, bloating, stomach upset from day one. Horrible vomiting on day 5. Thank goodness I only have 7 day Rx. Calling Dr tomorrow and will beg not to take last 2 days or switch to something else.
Helped back but may be giving me horrible headaches
I have been on Zoloft for about two months for disthymia (constant mild depression), however I had about a 2 week gap where I wasn 't taking it.  I was prescribed 50 mg, but since my side effects were pretty heavy at first, I decided to only take 25 mg for a while to start off.  I wasn 't aware that 50 mg is the threshold of therapeutic effectiveness, so by taking 25 mg at a time I may have just been wasting it.  However, after taking it for the first month, I thought I noticed myself smiling and laughing more (a rare thing for me).  I am back on 50 mg, and I really hope that it helps me to feel happiness and excitement again in appropriate situations, where usually I will barely raise an eyebrow.
I 've been taking remeron for a few weeks, doctor prescribed it for major anxiety and sleeplessness, as well as depression. He also thought it would help with weight gain, which I needed. Has helped with everything but the depression. Anxiety has mostly subsided to the point where I 'm not paralyzed. Have gained about 5 lbs in the past two weeks, and my sleep is uninterrupted. Was very groggy in the morning at first until 10 or 11 am but that 's gotten slightly better over time. Depression has not subsided, considering asking for something else to help with that.
I began taking Adderall tablets, 15 -25 mg off and on, sometimes using Ritalin tablets instead. Both medications, although chemically different, have been bad for my sex drive. Adderall was preferable as it did not cause me to feel so emotionally vulnerable and  'weepy ' as Ritalin. BUT learning that there 's a neuro-toxic impact from Adderall that does not occur with Dexedrine has made me ask the question: why not Dexedrine? I do not enjoy the Adderall  'high ' ~ I always take every medicine as prescribed AND vacation. Adderall helped me focus but *felt* physically mean. Now my psych doctor has prescribed Dexedrine ER. I look forward to enjoying sex again. 
I started taking this medication to help control bleeding. It worked great for stopping that but I traded in the bleeding for serve cramping. I cramp off and on through out the day. The cramps feel like I am going through a really bad period. The pain will stop me in my tracks and I have to hold myself or bend over to help to easy the pain.
Well, it worked well for me. I took it back in the early 90 's as a young teenager with moderate acne.  The side effects are bad though, really bad.  My skin was so dry, as were my lips and scalp.  I was sick, had a lot of pain and anxiety and then depression.  I took a 6 month course and it was recommended that I take a second about a year later but I couldn 't face the idea of the side effects. It did, however, do miracles for my skin, it has remained clear some 20 yrs later.
This helped me a lot when I started taking it about six months ago. I had to switch over from Celexa because of the recent problems Celexa has caused.Just recently, however, Zoloft has completely stopped working for me. I feel like I haven 't felt in years: a deep sense of sadness that has nothing to do with my current circumstances. All brains are slightly different, though, so I don 't mean to imply that this won 't work for others.
Where do I begin, I have been on Nexplanon for about a year and a half now. There was no pain getting it put in, Easy, even for someone who is terribly afraid of needles. The real problem was after, I got so moody and crazy that I would start to cry about it. I was always apologizing to my boyfriend because I felt like I couldn 't control my moods. It went away after a couple of months but it comes back here and there. Second, the weight gain. I have never weighed so much in my life, I gained about 30 lbs in the last year, regardless of how healthy I was eating. Third, the acne. I broke out like crazy! Oh and I feel nauseous all the time. The positives now. it controlled my severe cramps. I get a lighter period, even skip it sometimes.
After much deliberation and many, many meetings, we finally decided to put our 7 year old on low dose Abilify. My child is officially diagnosed PDD-NOS, which is an autism umbrella disorder. At first the low 2mg dose seemed pretty effective in controlling the anxiety and outburst. However; when our doctor prescribed a higher dose, 5 mg, the exhaustion and weight gain were out of control. My child gained roughly 45 pounds in six months. Even when we stopped the medication for the summer months. Abilify seems to make my child very hungry, but unable to convert any calories into energy, simply storing all food as fat. We came to the decision that the side effects were out weighing the desired effects, and are trying a new medication. 
I 've been on contrave for six weeks, I 've lost a total of 7lbs since I started the contrave. I 've lost 120lbs in the last ten months, so I 'm not sure I 'd give much credit to the medication for the 7lbs lost, the 7lbs in six weeks is significantly less then my prior months weight loss. I 'm on a low carb diet , and do HIIT workouts   strength training 2-4 times a week. When I started contrave I was very nauseous, constipated , and had a very weird emotional feelings , I was sad and had emailed my doctor for instructions on how to stop contrave, she told me to give the medicine more time and over the next couple weeks my side effects were gone.. Still, I don 't think its worth the money, and its hard to credit the medication for my losses.
No breakthrough bleeding, felt the best that I ever had, lost weight and felt like my old self again. So I started this medicine in April 2012 and am currently on it and it 's October 2012. This will be my last pack. I have experienced nausea, bloating, mood swings, sadness, depression, fatigue and just don 't feel like my self anymore.
The timing for eating is a pain. I have become hyperthyroid as a result of this medicine, and my hands started shaking, and I lost 40 pounds. I had been hypothyroid before! I like the weight loss, but the hyperthyroidism has caused digestive problems, and my eyes bulge a bit. Have suffered drug interactions with Cipro (heart) and maybe Lexapro (acute Achilles tendonitis). Unfortunately,my Dr was not familiar with what Tasigna could do----
I was about to give up on this med because of the awful nausea it caused but for the past three days I have been swollowing it down with ginger ale and the nausea has miraculously disapeared.
This drug has not been as effective as I had thought it would be. I did not have any real bad side effects. Some constipation and at the beginning I was tired but after a month or so I had more energy then usual. I only lost about 4 pounds in 4 months.
Every time I take one it causes me so much pain I feel like I 'm going to double over. It 's effective but painful. 
I 'm on my last week of my 2nd 3-month pack of Loseasonique. I started the first 3-month pack and in the middle of the 2nd month, I had really bad breakthrough bleeding for 2 and a half weeks. Then during the last week of the 3-month pack, I had my pill period for 2 weeks instead of one. The same thing happened in the middle of the 2nd month of the 3-month pack, for about the same amount of time. And now, I 'm halfway through the pill period week, and still no period.
I 've used the brand name &quot;Percocet 7.5&quot; before, and it worked very well.  But, I was recently diagnosed with a pinched nerve in my neck and was having severe pain with it and was prescribed Percocet and was given this generic brand &quot;Endocet&quot;.  Even though it 's a higher dosage, 10mg, it doesn 't work near as well.  I 'm having to take 1 &amp; 1/2 pills to get any relief.  I wonder if there are different companies (and how many) that make Percocet generic brands?  I 've found the same problem with Ultram/tramadol 50mg.  Some of the generic brands just don 't work for me at all, but there is one specific generic tramadol that does work very good for me, which is the one my pharmacist knows to give me when filling my script.
I 've been on Alesse for three months now, half way through third pack. I 've been been getting my period half way threw the active pills. This has been happening ever month like clock work. It usually ends around the time I start taking the sugar pills. I 'm curious if this is happening to anyone else.
At first, I loved the pill. It made my periods shorter, about 3 days instead of 8, and it kept me from getting pregnant. It 's affordable and got rid of my acne. It did not help with cramps at all, and it made me gain a lot of weight. I went from 118 lbs to 135 in a short amount of time. My breasts got big as well which was a plus. Then after almost a year, I began getting chronic urinary tract infections. Doctors could not figure it out so I stopped taking Apri to see if that was the problem and since then I have had no problems. 
Advantage it does its job, you don 't have to worry about taking pills or getting pregnant. Disadvantage for me, I start getting a lot of spots, and gained 10 kg. I haven 't changed my diet, however I actually exercise more than I used to, although the weight doesn 't seem to come off and only increases. I got the implant October 2014 and weighed 55kg, now a year later I weight 65kg. As I said it does its job but can cause you to experience some side effects. Getting it taken out in a week due to weight gain and breakouts. Period were irregular and hardly any blood which was fine with me.
I took this drug and had no side effects.  On the other hand, it didn 't reduce my blood calcium levels.
I 'm fifteen, and I started taking Prozac at 13. For a year it really helped, but within the last year, my depression has come back along with cutting. However, I also had extreme OCD, which Prozac helped 100%.
I have been taking ADHD medications for about 10 years and vyvanse is by far my favorite. I take 50mg of vyvanse as needed. I always feel very productive when taking it and It really helps me focus and get things done without the procrastination. Although, it does what it is supposed to do I do have a few side effects that prevent me from taking it everyday. I have a history with anxiety/depression and this medicine brings back some of those symptoms. Also, I tend to be a perfectionist when I take the medicine. I catch myself taking longer to take exams and redoing my makeup or hair or brushing my teeth more than once simply because I feel like it isn 't just right. Also I am more isolated and less social when I take the pill.
I 've taken many antidepressant over the past 15 years.  Prozac, Celexa, Lexapro, Cymbalta as well as Wellbutrin.  I never had any worrisome side effects until Pristiq.  With Pristiq, my normal blood pressure increased by 40 points within a couple of days.  I went back to using Lexapro and my blood pressure went back to normal.
I 'm on day 4. So far the side effects have not been horrible. I did have some stomach cramping and nausea. I 'm a bit tired during the day. I took other people 's advice and am taking the pill with food and I 've avoided carbonated drinks. I did have some pop one day and if made me feel sick. So I 'm trying to just drink water all day. So far I haven 't noticed a big difference in my appetite so I 'm hoping that will change next week when I up the dosage.
I am not sure how I feel about this birth control yet. The first month I started, my withdrawal bleed came the 4th day of my placebo pills. The second month, was about the same. Every month I have experienced some sort of breakthrough bleeding. By my third month I started spotting about 5 days before my placebo pills and bled all the way through my placebo week. I am now in my 4th pack and I started spotting 3 days before my placebo pack and just took my 2nd placebo pill today, no real withdrawal bleed yet. This is the only form of contraception I am using. Has anyone else experienced this and should I be worried? I feel like my withdrawal bleed should start anytime because I am having some cramping.
I 've been on pretty much every antidepressant. SSRI 's do nothing for my depression. The only other medication that helped was Wellbutrin, but I stopped that due to not being able to sleep at all. I started on 5 mg then increased to 10 mg 2 weeks later. It has helped my depression the most and I have more energy. The side effects are what make me hate taking this. I 've experienced nausea, vomiting, constipation, and decreased sexual desire. The worst though is the nausea. I 'm nauseous every time I take it, doesn 't matter if I eat with it or not. If I don 't eat before I take it then I vomit. This medication is also expensive, it 's not covered by my insurance.
I had to switch to a new contraceptive after being on Depo for 5 yrs. Since I was used to having no periods on the Depo my doctor okayed me to take only active pills and never take the placebos. After 4 months, I started getting breakthrough bleeding on and off for the next 6 weeks. It did it 's job, since I am baby-free, but I couldn 't keep taking it from all the random bleeding for almost 6 weeks. While on it, I had headaches for the first few weeks, but they subsided. I was definitely more emotional while on it the first couple months, but that leveled out mostly. I still would cry easier, though. The good thing is that I did seem to have a little bit higher sex drive. 
Helps me with being able to go out without thinking everyone is looking or talking about me, more confident and less hot flushes and palpitations, however all I do is sleep. I 'm going to bed about 8 at night and waking up at half 7, almost falling asleep during work. Great for people who can 't sleep well but for me I don 't want to spend the rest of my life in bed! Also I would advise not to drink alcohol with this, seriously blank outs no matter how much you drink. You don 't realize till the next morning that you can 't remember a thing which is a horrible experience. Going to try to come off this gradually.
I do not have sensitive skin. The first time I tried using this product, it drys up my face causing redness and flaky. Now it 's hurts so much I have to discontinue this product. My face is so dry and red now.
This drug sort of helps with hot flashes -- diminished them by about 75%.  HOWEVER, the person who designed the packaging for this drug needs to be fired.  I think that most of the expense for this product comes from the overdone packaging alone.  The capsules are difficult to get out of the blister packaging.  The cardboard wrapping is excessive and impossible to open without the help of scissors and a box cutter!!  Terrible, terrible, terrible....
Still have major depressive episodes lasting 3-6 months. Also, weight gain and itchy scalp.
Been on Paxil for about 13 years up to 40 mg a day. If I miss a pill or two start to get like electric shocks through my body, so make sure you take them daily.  Still have Xanax as back up. Sometimes wonder if the Paxil works good enough. Lately stress level is so high and life events are just driving me crazy.
I first took Aviane 3 years ago for 1 year but was horrible at remembering to take it so I switched to the depo shot which made me bleed for 6 months straight so I switched back to Aviane for another year. I didn 't realize before but it made my mood swings crazy! Which makes sense because when I first took it I remember having these huge emotional break downs literally crying my eyes out thinking I was insane but had no clue why, especially around period time. I 've always been small &amp; my weight was always the same(98lbs) but I lost 10lbs on this pill &amp; its impossible to gain back, I feel disgusting. I just recently got off it and am starting a new bc, Sprintec. Fingers crossed this one works, my weight goes up, and my crazy calms down.
I have been on Lo Loestrin Fe for about 3 months now, and my periods have been crazy! Prior to starting birthcontrol I wasn 't taking anything, but since Metformin wasn 't working to regulate my periods, I said I would start birthcontrol. I do have PCOS since the age of 15, now I am 26. For the past 3 months on this birth control I have had two periods a month. Its not break through bleeding. I didn 't have any other side effects which is a good thing, but I just had to be bleeding for 10 days out of a month.
I 've been on Wellbutrin for 3 weeks. First 2 weeks I had a few side effects. Groggy, kind of spacey, nausea, weight loss because I wasn 't hungry. I did notice some change in my mood. I was less anxious and less depressed but wasn 't the miracle that took effect immediately like I had read in some reviews. Did read a review that was helpful it said to stick it out for the first 4 weeks of side effects and you 'll be happy with the results, so I am. The side effects have worn off for me about the end week 2. There is one unexpected side effect- IRRITABILITY, I 'd say comparable to PMS. Little mishaps can get my blood boiling, like spilling something and its hard to cool down. Never was like that before but seems to be subsiding as well. So we 'll see!
It 's been a love, hate relationship with Latuda for me. After 2 months of using it, I noticed a significant change in my depression, which was fantastic. But, I experience SEVERE nausea even when I eat enough food. I have even thrown up about 6 or 7 times within my 7 months of taking it. Which is unpleasant to say the least. The nausea usually sets in about 30-45 minutes after taking and lasts anywhere from 5 minutes to an hour.
Imuran seemed to help for a few months but after prolonged use it weakened my immune system too much. I started getting colds about every three weeks. Which made me feel run down and tired more so than just having colitis alone, but it did at least calm my symptoms for a while.
I 'm 30 and non-smoking. I took Loestrin for about 6 months, primarily for birth control. I didn 't notice anything unusual for the first two months on this pill. The third month I began having violent mood swings and emotional breakdowns that were not triggered from outside issues. My period was almost non-existent; I would bleed when expected for about 2 days. Before Loestrin I had horrible cramps and while on Loestrin I had mild cramps. I regularly worked out and lost a lot of weight but I would BLOAT right around the week before my period and my weight would go up about 5 lbs. I lost my insurance, so along with financial issues as well as the mood swings, I stopped taking it. Breakouts were also an issue on my face and back.
I  had a very bad cold to the point of settling in my chest. I took Delsym 12 hour to help. I couldn 't believe it really worked to keep my cough at bay, but I started to have severe side effects from it. I had dizziness like I was going to blackout, heart palpitations, SOB (shortness of breath), diarrhea and vomiting at the same time (sitting on toilet and holding a bucket at the same time wanting to pass out from the dehydration). Never again, I 'll stick with Creomulsion.
I just had Skyla inserted 3 hours ago. Worst cramps of my life. Child birth was easier. Cramps have subsided probably due to 4 midol and 2 aleve. Hoping they subside more before i go to work tonight. Also hoping I don 't gain weight or get acne. We shall see. Should also mention I am 25 with a 3 year old son.
Single administration of Vortioxetine was only partially useful for me. Not satisfactory. I would rate it 50 out of 100. Could keep my office job, but my hypersomnia with excessive daytime sleepiness and non-24 hours sleep wake problem still disturbing and &ldquo;painful&rdquo;, made me want to quit the job and rest at home.Then a doctor started to add venlafaxine (and later on desvenlafaxine) and Imipramine 10mg, starting from 2016 August. There was signifcant and noticable improvement as dosage increase. My current dosage is : Vortioxetine 20mg + Venlafaxine 112.5mg + Desvenlafaxine 50mg + Imipramine 10mg + melatonin 3mg (This dosage was reached on 2017 May 6, and today is 2017 Aug 11)I would rate this combination 75 out of 100.
I have been using Lasix in combination with Hydrochlorothiazide for 6 months for pitting edema/hypertension and it 's effects seem to have worn off. I started on 20mg once a day for 2 months then up to 40mg once a day for the last 4 months. Now my legs are back to swelling as much as if I were taking nothing. My blood pressure is good though. Side effects, headaches.
I started a very low dosage and worked upward until I found what worked for me (40mg). However, as my depression got worse and worse, the Prozac actually stopped working altogether no matter how much it was increased! It 's a good medicine for mild to moderate depression, but there are better choices for major depression.
All my life I have had severe acne... I 've probably tried any and every cream, drug, wash, etc. that is out there and nothing has ever worked.  So when I got engaged two summers ago I decided to go ahead and start birth control about 6 months before the wedding to see if THAT would work because I 'd heard it did.  Well Ocella has DEFINITELY eliminated my acne, that part has been wonderful.  But I 've experienced a huge decrease in my sex drive and more bothersome than that, I have been getting migraines at least three times a week regularly since I started taking it.  Also, I have learned now that it is geared more toward treating PMDD which I don 't have and therefore is a higher dose of hormones which I don 't need.
On Effexor for 14 years.  150 milligrams daily of the IR not the XR so I was taking 75mg 2 times per day.  In retrospect, the medicine worked for me for about a year and the other 13 were just maintenance years.  I also found since titrating from 150mg down to 9.75 mg that I feel human again.  Effexor solved zero problems for me and it simply numbed me to feeling strong emotion.  I also dropped 36 pounds since coming off of this medicine and feel a heck of a lot better.  I have been titrating since July of 2015 and my last titration to zero will be in 2 weeks.  As stated before, this stuff doesn 't solve problems, it just numbs human emotion.  Me, like many other folks need to learn how to accept our emotions.  The answer isn 't always a drug
I 've been on pain meds to treat very serious hip and moderate back issues for 15 years, ~8 years 24/7 and 365 days of the year on them. I 've taken literally everything: morphine, fentanyl, opana, ketamine, etc and due to moving I had to find a new pain doc and he asked me to try suboxone. I 've been on a 24mg/day dose for 3 days and it treats my pain 75% as well as the previous methadone/oxy combo I took before this. It makes me feel very out of it, have a hard time thinking clearly, get frequent headaches, have no appetite, no urge to use bathroom (#1 or 2, even when I need to), and can go from zero to super irritable in an instant. Overall not working well.PS: A medical condition requiring opiates means you 're DEPENDENT not ADDICTED! Big difference folks!
I got the implant March 2016. The insertion They numb the skin with lidocaine and then you don 't feel the insertion at all. After it was bruised and sore for a week when touched. A month after I started bleeding very heavy and clots, lots of bad cramps and nausea. That period lasted 18 days all very heavy my doctor said it 's normal So I just waited it out. Then no bleeding for about 8 weeks and 2 days after my gastric bypass surgery I started spotting and then it went from heavy to light flow different every day. That went on for 45 days. Then had a biopsy to be sure it was the implant causing the issue. Normal yay! Now back to heavy bleeding 1 week after that stopped. Doc said give it 6 months so I 'm waiting.
I had some weird side effects while on this medication. I experienced gout in one ankle then I had a tooth abscess then I had a sinus infection and then tooth pain. Not sure if these things were actually side effects of Axiron or just a coincidence. I felt incredible in between the side effects though and slept better and had more energy. Not sure if I will continue taking it.
I was prescribed this for abdominal pain after having a baby. Keep in mind I have a very high pain tolerance, but this helped me a lot. I was in a pretty good amount of pain, and although it didn 't take away all the pain, I was able to get up and take care of my newborn and 3 year old toddler. Also I have been breastfeeding and sometimes my newborn vomits. I 'm not sure if it 's the medicine or that she has just been drinking too fast
Qvar works for me...However, for the third time my inhaler quit working before I used it 120 times. A year ago first failure, the inhaler quit working with 12 doses left in it.  Second failure 7 months ago, with 15 doses left. Today my inhaler quit at 17 doses.  I clean my inhaler as instructed.   I cleaned them each time they failed. No help. Cannot find an email address for the manufacturer. They owe me a third off on my next inhaler. That is more than $45.00.  Will complain to my insurance company and their pharmacy
SW: 182 CW: 182 GW: 135 (I 'm 5 '1&quot;). This is only day 2 for me, so it 's too early for me to have a meaningful rating. On day 1, I drank a lot of water and that seemed to keep the nausea away. However, I felt sort of &quot;tipsy&quot; all day and had to take a nap in the afternoon. I had more nausea today, but think that was, in part, because I drank coffee. More water, a Bonine tablet, and I 'm okay. Still feeling a little tipsy, though, and had to have a nap again. Thank goodness it 's the weekend, but I 'm back at work tomorrow and there will be no napping. I 'm supposed to stay on this dose for a week and I have no desire to rush it. Oh--and my cravings are gone, but I have felt hungry. But it 's true hunger, not my usual eating to relieve boredom.
I 've been taking Trinessa for about 2 and a half months. The first week upon taking it, I had severe abdominal pain and headaches. I was hungry all the time but, due to the warning that I would have increased cravings, I controlled it rather well. It seemed to get better throughout the month, my face was clearing up, I had energy again, but I still got minor to severe pains on a regular basis. My period came after three days of being on the inactive pills and lasted 4 days. My cramps improved drastically and I was still hormonal, just less. I started back on the pills again and the first day I experienced extreme nausea and vomited. The nausea has continued to follow me for the past weeks, now I am looking into the Nuvaring.
I had Kyleena inserted two days before my period. I 'm not going to sugar coat my experience. The insertion was the most painful thing I 've ever had to go through. My doctor told me I would feel some slight cramping, but instead I had the worst cramps I 've ever experienced. I also almost passed out during the procedure because the pain was so bad. I ended up hanging out in the room for a few minutes before I could even move around. For the rest of the day, I had very bad cramps. The second day was a little better. On the third day, I got my period and also had very bad cramps. At one point I was driving and had to pull over because I was in so much discomfort. My period then lasted for 12 days. I had mild cramping and moderate back aches.
I take 45mg of mirtazapine! It helps me fall asleep but I still wake every 1 1/2hours or so, it has helped with my depression but like other users my appetite has gone through the roof.
I have tried Singular three different times. Each time it has caused suicidal tendancies in me. This happens soon after I take it. My mood was very scary on this. I was prescribed this for asthma and allergies. I stopped taking it since it seemed to just depress me.
It 's only been a month and its been horrible for me. I 've tried another birth control that was also very low dosage and never had any problem or side effects. With Lutera its been so different. I started spotting on the second week of starting the pill and it lasted till it was time to get my period. I 've had mood swings and really bad depression and emotional. It 's not normal for me because I haven 't felt like this before. I also get really hungry at 2, 3,4 am. Those are my major issues with this pill. I 'm going to give it one more month and if things don 't change I 'm going back to the birth control I was taking.
weight gain; tinnitus
Experienced rapid heartbeat and bloodshot eyes on second day as well as blurred vision on the fourth day.
I 'm a 16 year old girl. I have been on tons of medicines for migrane pevention and nothing seemed to help. One day ended up in the E.R. and missed much school. When I started on Elavil 10mg seemed to do not do much but when my dose was increased to 30 mg I tend to have less frequent (2-3) migranes a week. My migraines are less intense and I 'm able to do my studies. The dry mouth is much less when I chew gum but I tend to be tired all the time. This medication has worked the best for me, although not perfect.
I am a 29 yo female and have recently been diagnosed with dry eyes. I have had the worse time in the middle of the night and while looking at my work computer screen. I even got a humidifier and eye covers to no avail. I 've only been on Xiidra for literally 4 days and I 've noticed a big difference already. Does it have a weird taste? Yes. Only lasts 5 min. Taste is so insignificant I can 't believe people are even mentioning it. People also wrote in the reviews that the plastic containers are too hard. Like, what?! Nope. There is about 6 drops in each container. I had no burning or itching. $60/mo w/ insurance, but w/ coupon it 's free the first month and $10 after that. I hope it continues to help! 6/10 bc it 's too early to tell how it will work.
I had some anxiety in college, then graduated, and the anxiety stayed. I used medication as my last resort, and after my doctor decided taking clonazepam everyday wasn 't cutting it- I went on Zoloft.  I expressed my concern about the weight gain aspect of this drug, and my doctor told me this was weight neutral....HA. a year later and I am 25 pounds heavier despite strict diet and exercise. The drug does wonders for anxiety, but I cannot deal with the weight. I am now considered obese. I 've tried everything, and the only thing that seems to work is simply not eating (which obviously isn 't practical). I am in the process of getting off this drug.
I had Implanon inserted in July of  '09.  I didn 't have a period at all until Mother Nature showed up...ON NEW YEAR 'S!  Not the way I wanted to start 2010.  I have gained 10-15 pounds since getting Implanon and have acne, mood swings, and I have bad moments where I don 't even recognize myself. I don 't like being moody. It 's tearing my boyfriend and I apart.
Abilify, along with Prozac has worked amazing for me. But there is a downside to using Abilify. WEIGHT GAIN! Once I started it, my appetite increased like crazy and now I 've gained about 60 lbs. It 's like do I want to quit taking it and go &quot;crazy&quot; but be thin or keep taking it and be fat and happy, literally!
I had sex with my boyfriend, the condom broke. He went to buy the Plan B pill right after that happened. After about an hour I took the pill. I 'm still waiting to get my period. I 'm so worried.
I 'm tempted to leave a crappy rating for this type of birth control since I did experience negative side effects, but it did do it 's job of allowing me to continue to beat teen pregnancy so I had to give it a little credit. Honestly, Microgestin Fe 1/20 makes you feel like you 're the size of a killer whale at all times. BLOATED as anything. Lost lot of energy... aka walking five minutes away to class was like practically climbing Mt. Everest. Also, if you don 't take your pill with food, you 'll feel about ready to vomit for the rest of the day/night. Gained a whopping 6 pounds in one month while taking this bad boy. Not blaming my weight on the pill itself, but the intense hunger pangs it caused me to have without me even fully realizing.
I Went To Go See The Gynecologist On Monday April 18th, I Went It Not Having Any Symptoms &amp; I Had Gotten My Pap Smear Done &amp; A Chlamydia Screening Done &amp; On The 19th I Recieved A Phone Call Stating That I Was Positive For Chlamydia I Instantly Started Freaking Out Because Of The Whole 23 Years Of My Life I Have NEVER Had An STI, My Doctor Put My On This Medication It Was Literally Two Pills I Had To Take The Same Day (Azithromycin) I Took Those And The Next Day I Still Felt The Same Way So I Called My Doctor &amp; Told Him What Was Going On And He Prescribed Me A Different Medication Called (Doxycycline) I 've Been Taking This Medication Since The 20th But Idk If It 's Working I 'm Still Urinating A lot &amp; It 's Somewhat Uncomfortable.
I 'm 18 years old and this is my first birth control. This is my 4th month on it and I 'm thinking of switching. The first month I bled the entire month but after that I only have my period for about 2 days which is awesome. I haven 't seemed to have gained any weight and my skin hasn 't changed. The negative side is my MAJOR moodiness. I cry all the time and get angry over the smallest things. I thought I should wait out the first 3 months incase it changes but it hasn 't seemed to get any better. I 'm depressed all the time and my boyfriend called me out on being really negative all the time.
I have been taking LoSeasonique for a few years. I went on antibiotics (Zpack) for a ear infection. I have never once had any issues with this before now. I have been on my period for a month now, the bleeding won 't stop. My doctor said go off the pill for a week and let your body rest and it should stop, if it doesn 't then I have to go in for an ultrasound. I am freaking out. Its been that week and I am still on my period. Make sure you let your doctors know you are on that pill before they prescribe you any antibiotics.
I turned age 66 last yr and at annual check up my Dr recommended I get a pneumonia shot (never had 1).  The Doctor said take half that yr and other half this yr and then never take again. Last year  I had redness and swelling of arm, joint and body pain, chills, weakness and cough.  The redness had gone after 1 week but other symptoms continued for 2-3 months. This year at check up I told my Dr my side effect symptoms but he didn 't think it was from shot, so he gave me the other half. Within 2 hours arm swollen with redness covering whole upper arm.  I was hot at the injection site and stiffness in joint and reduced range of motion. I had soreness in front and back shoulder area. I had body aches ,low grade fever and in bed for 3 days. Some side effect symptoms are better but redness, soreness, low range motion still present. Never again thank goodness
Been on for 3 weeks take shot on Mon. Side effects started on day 3. 2nd week day 4 this week day 5 . Upset stomach, vomiting,  extreme nausea! Nothing  helps!! Horrible belching and gas! Cannot function on those days. Blood sugars are great!  The jury is still out. Do these effects go away after a while?
It worked for about a month. 10 mg,  then seemed all of a sudden stopped working. 
I take 3 ,25mg of quetiapine fumarate at night before bed for insomnia. It works very well. I sleep well on it without waking through the night. I have found out that I 've had to cut out citrus as it interferes with my meds stops them from working but apart from that its great. And I found when taking it I have to drink alot of water when taking them and have to eat something after them to help them kick in quicker.
3rd day of this medication and I 'm having itchiness around my eyes and all over my face. 
I 'm 19 and I had never taken any birth control before Yaz. It completely cleared up my acne and my breasts significantly increased in size but were very sore all the time. I had no noticeable weight gain or hair loss/growth or spotting. My sex drive was bipolar, however, and taking the pill also gave me occasional slight dizziness, yeast infection, moodiness, anxiety, and even depression which I had never experienced before. I often had intense headaches and stomach aches but no nausea. My period didn 't seem to get any lighter or shorter and PMS, though typically not much of an issue for me, was no different. I got to a point where I just felt awful and had to stop taking it after about 3 months.
I received the Nexplanon implant in September 2013, after my gyno was unable to insert the Mirena (I have never had children, so that made it difficult). I have always had irregular periods (usually once every 2 months on average), and my gyno told me that I will probably not get my period very often at all on the Nexplanon. Unfortunately, the opposite has been true. I 'm bleeding probably 25/30 days of the month, and it 's preceded by a dark brown &quot;goo&quot; that was never present before. In the first few months, I had mood swings (irritability, anger, sadness), but that passed. I am getting it removed soon, but I gave it a 5/10 rating because it did its job -- I have not become pregnant. It did not work perfectly for me, but it may work for you.
I had Mirena inserted 3.5 months ago. Your healthcare provider will inform you that the first 3-6 months after insertion can be rough, but I want to warn everyone who is considering getting Mirena that this is NOT a joke. If you enjoy bleeding for 2-3 weeks out of every month, then Mirena is the birth control for you. Since the insertion, I have not had more than one consecutive week without any kind of spotting or bleeding. I also want to add that Mirena was recommended to me because of severe cramps that the Pill did not alleviate, but my cramps with Mirena are worse. I sometimes get dizzy/lightheaded from them as well. Apparently this is all considered &quot;normal&quot; in the first 6 months and I am nearing my breaking point.
Used for uveitis/glaucoma surgery. Good for very minor discomfort, but makes me tired. I seemingly have more relief with 400 mg, Motrin.
Male 59, in excellent health no prior problems. Started taking bupropion 3 weeks ago as adjunct to citalopram.  Seems to have improved my mood, but for the past 2 weeks I have not been able to achieve orgasm.  Erections are fine, just now cannot get to the happy ending.  I am stopping this medicine.
I was prescribed Seroquel after I got out of one of those psychiatric hospitals and after a terrible bout with Abilify (extremely jittery and restless). Unfortunately, Seroquel affected me in just the opposite way. I consistently went up in dose, peaking at 600 mg for 2 days, then dropping back down to 300 mg. I was on it for almost a month but I was living in my own little world. I was very muted. It may have stopped the manic episodes, but the depression became worse, almost landing me back in a hospital after I went &quot;cold turkey.&quot; The good thing though was that I slept so peacefully every night. No racing thoughts.
My second day on Mononessa. I 've been sick to my stomach! I hope this goes away. I 'm going to take it at night before bed instead of in morning.
I had to stop Otezla after 16 days due to vomiting and severe diarrhea. I felt generally fine until day 16 and was beginning to see improvements. Seven days now after stopping Otezla and still have 7-10 diarrhea episodes per day and significant fatigue. I do not plan to restart.
Ok update from a year ago. I stopped taking chlorthalidone about a year after I started taking it. It worked well for bringing down my blood pressure but had to increase beta blocker (atenolol) for other issues and stopped taking diuretic (chlorthalidone) At the yearish mark of taking this I had blood test. It increased my total and LDL cholesterol, lowered my potassium, and I had extremely cold fingers and toes. Three months since I have stopped chlorthalidone and retook blood tests. My overall cholesterol dropped from 201 (on chlorthalidone) to 166 (off diuretic). My LDL cholesterol dropped from 117 (on chlorthalidone) to 87 (off diuretic). I still take atenolol I just take 100mg daily instead of 50mg with diuretic.
First time was yesterday with Olopatadine. During the night I felt pain and discomfort in my left eye. I woke up with the lower eyelid swollen, drooping and with a dark circles in both eyes.Very uncomfortable, but still I made a second attempt  now to see if it reverses the situation.I am also using a lubricating eye drop twice a day.
I have been taking Cymbalta for 3 days. I have had nausea and drop in appetite. I experienced sleeplessness on my 3rd night and hot flashes. I have found that taking it in the morning is better for me. This is my second round of taking Cymbalta.
If you 're not a salt lover, then this tastes like a lemon/lime margarita without the tequila and tons if salt!  I got it done exactly as I was supposed to.  It took over an hour to kick in, and drinking the 16 oz. of water after really helped.  I did do the 2nd dose the next morning as directed.  Again it worked.  I did have pain in my stomach not sure if it was gas from the prep or hunger pains. After I had the colonoscopy, the Doc told me the prep did not completely clean me out.  Ugh!!  So, instead of going back in 10 years, I will need to go back in 3 and hope they give me something different.
Third day lost 5 lbs so happy.  BUT crazy mental stuff..  Was falling asleep and started waking up and just got weirded out.  Panic attack.....any suggestions anyone.
Today is only day three of taking Contrave. The first two days I was so tired I could hardly stay awake at my desk. Today I am taking a new approach and upping my caffeine intake by adding 1 cup in the afternoon in addition to my one cup in the morning. I read several posts here where others said they were very tired as well so I 'm going to stick with it. I 've no stomach upset or other side effects. I would love to go from 200 lbs to 130 lbs. I want to be able to walk the zoo with my grandkids, maybe even Disney Land some day.
Just started, no adverse effects as of yet.
I see a difference with 5 hours later but I have a kidney stone with gut wrenching pain and a utiHoping tonight gets better
I started taking this pill two months before I was supposed to get married. I 've never been on birth control before this. It made my boobs enormous, but it also made me into a psycho. This pill has made me very emotional.
I 'm on day 4 of 50 mg of Topamax, and am supposed to up it to 100mg on the 7th day. I 've not had a migraine but the side effects are draining me. I have headaches almost everyday and they usually turn into a migraine. But so far in the 4 days on Topamax I 've only had to take one triptan and it worked ASAP. I hope I can hang in there. I 'd like to lose some weight too!
Took this medication for three months. It made me burn and raw, even alternating it to three times a week. Directions said not to cut, so I couldn 't back down more. It seems the medication worked as far as the bladder symptoms but was unusable for me on a long term basis.
Doctors are getting me prepped for a revision to a septic artificial knee (replacement) They have removed the damaged parts and sutured me back up, waiting for the anti-biotics to clean the leg. The first week on Tramadol was effective for pain but in the 4th week 200mg a day does almost nothing for the pain. To sleep I have to return to 15mg of Hydrocodone before bed.
It was alright, but truthfully I used apple cider vinegar and rubbing alcohol to cure my ear infection at least 3/4 times faster than this med did. Tummy issues with this and it took forever to kick in...unless it was just my natural hippy dippy remedy
Started taking this and made me feel sick to my stomach as well as feel not with it very tired and had headaches.   The worst part is the last pill before bed time I had to set an alarm and eat crackers then take pill.  Then in the morning  I didnt want to get up and felt very worn.  I still have 4 more days and hope I make it.  Will have to recheck with my results on how I did.  Oh and also the cost of therse even with insurance  was $250.00 all i can say is they better work.
I am new at taking anastrozle (30 days).  For the past week or so I found it impossible to get up and around for work because I was so sleepy.  I think it has increased my lower back pain and it has been hard getting up from bed due to pain and stiffness.My oncologist advised me to quit today until we can discuss alternatives. I am 59 and had a partial mastectomy and radiation.
Injection wasn 't painful. Only sore a day or two. Spotting everyday for the first month, no period at all the second month, spotted every day the third month, stopped for a week and spotted for another 3 weeks straight. I 've gained 22 lbs, 15 being in the first two months. I was losing baby weight and then it just stopped once I had this inserted. I always feel bloated.
Caused a decrease in sex drive and harder to maintain an erection
Since being off birth control for about 4 years I decided I wanted to try a mini pill. I have endometriosis and my doctor had mentioned it could help with ovarian cysts. Since day 1 of taking this pill I have been bleeding. It 's now the end of my pack and I still have had bleeding throughout the entire time. I don 't really want to continue taking it if this is going to continue, the point of going on the pill was to prevent pregnancy but if I 'm bleeding all month anyways I don 't even have sex- so there 's no point. I have also never had acne and now it 's all over my face which makes me depressed and my self-esteem is now horrible! The only thing I like about this pill is the fact that I didn 't gain weight and my moods are decent.
I Had Extreme Acne, Pimples, Dark Spots, And Red face, oily as well. I was prescribed EpiDuo by my doctor, and I saw results in about 1 week, pretty much almost all of my face clearing up. Then a couple days ago, when I applied it, my face burned horribly, I thought it was my cleanser, but it wasn 't. EpiDuo makes your skin dry and burn, but only for a little bit, still a good acne cream!
I 've been taking 150mg for 2 weeks now. I felt the effects in just a few days.  I have a lot of energy, and has increased my thirst. I 've lost a few pounds. My only problem is sleep. I 've been taking zolpidem for 3 years (5 mgs) and isn 't helping much. I 've taken a few other antidepressants in the past, and this has been the most effective.
This medicine helps in curing the voices and delusional thoughts that sometimes come with schizoaffective disorders.But the worst side of this medication is complete weight gain.  I went from size 2 to 14. It also makes your boobs grow bigger and stops the menstrual periods.The drug stays in the system for a long period of time.  I stopped it in May and it&rsquo;s been 5 months but I keep on gaining weight and boobs keep getting bigger and bigger. Worst medication ever! I have to deal with the weight gain and this causes a lot of insecurities especially for a lady! But the doctor told me that it gradually comes out of the system with time. So still hoping that my life will get back to normal with time.
Side effects for me are pain &amp; weakness in right leg, knee, ankle.  Also, have had some afib.  My INR has been dropping.  Also, on Coumadin.  Have been on Dofetilide for 2 mos.
Didn 't have much impact on my blood pressure and I had to discontinue due to side effects.  Extreme dry mouth, fatigue and drowsiness.  Falling asleep at work and struggling to stay awake while driving.
I was on Cymbalta for up to just under two weeks ago. At one point, I was on 90mg for a short period of time. Last December, I dropped it. Only because it, meaning Cymbalta, left me mostly feeling fatigued. The anxiety came back and last month, April/2011 restarted it again back on 60mg. Everything was going fairly well, then I experienced a rash on my forehead, itching. My throat felt as if it was closing up on me. Stopped it cold turkey and went through a roller coaster of mostly aggressive moods. It was an allergic/adverse reaction.
I do take Bentyl on occasion for IBS but wondering if anyone with the Eustachian Tube problem is seeing any relief with Bentyl. My ears are driving me crazy.  I did have a huge weight loss several years ago and my NET seems to think this created my ear problem.  Weight gain seems to be my only option at this point but I am comfortable at my current weight.  Anybody else having the echo/roaring problem???
I have been on CellCept for almost 3 years. I started taking it with an IVIG treatment and was taken off the IV to see if I can get by with just the CellCept. My oncologist wants me off it because of the increased risk of lymphmona. I will start trying to get off it in April.
I got prescribed Anafranil after not impressive effects of tritico and zoloft, and yeah, it worked for a few months, but I had to up my dosage every now and then. However after around 4 months of taking it, it stopped working, I capped the dosage, and had to switch therapists, as the former had no idea what to do with severe depression. However what I 'd like to share is the withdrawal part. In the time I was off it, it was really bad, imagine being constantly drunk. You can not focus, your view is shifting, everything seems to be floating, also like a lagging game, it feels as the visual part comes later than the audio. Really weird, so if you are on it or planning to try, ask your doctor for a way to take it out gradually.
I am within two hours of my procedure and I don 't believe I am cleaned out enough.Also when I go I get a very bad burning sensation
I love Mirena but I would have to say that every week I have these terrible pains in my well lets say ovaries area. I have to lay in bed for a few hours and wait for them to go way. I have only had it in for one year. I have not had it checked due to I had health insurance when I got it put in and now I don 't. 
In the beginning I did get headaches they lasted maybe about 3 wks. I have been on Qsymia for almost 6 wks. I lost 13 lbs the first 3.5 wks. I haven 't lost a lb since. I don 't understand, I have actually gained 2 of those back. it did not curb my appetite at all. I would say it did give me a little more energy. I did not get constipated as I hear you get however it does make soda taste horrible. I don 't know how I am feeling about this. I have been walking and exercising and changed the way I eat so I just thought I would have seen more of a result especially for the money. I am going to try one more month and see what happens.
I took accutane for 5 months. My acne cleared but I still have discoloration. The side effects were horrible. The back pain for the first two months was almost unbearable. The mood swings, headaches, and dry skin were terrible too.  It was effective, but I never want to have to go through that for 5 months again.
The doctors have no idea what is wrong with me and we had been through nearly every strong pain killer that is possible to take when you are pregnant. I am on 80mg Oxycontin a day and find that I get short term pain relief of probably 3 hours of every 12 hours. So I guess it 's back to the drawing board for me, because my mum is getting sick of pushing me around in a wheel chair. Oh yeah, I also started having funny things happen to me at night. Like talking to myself even though I was awake. And I would wake up and I would be laying in bed pretending to brush my teeth or brush my daughters hair, or spreading a piece of toast. Very strange.
Female, age 55. Chronic dysthymia with episodes of major depression. Have been on Viibryd for about 4 weeks, ramping up from 10 to 40 mg, as I ramped off Zoloft. I also take Wellbutrin, Ativan, and Ritalin (for fatigue).  I have been a Type I diabetic for over 35 years.I had side effects when I began taking Viibryd.  Nausea (no vomiting), more frequent stools, fatigue and severe cognitive fuzz-out and difficulty with short-term memory.Anyone else have chills with this med?  About 30 minutes after dosing, I typically get very shivery.  The affect does not last long and is not severe, but it is very weird!Dr. told me to try taking 1/2 dose of Viibryd at bedtime or with evening meal, but this did not work because it made me wide awake.
I have a different experience than these reviews I am reading here.  I do not think this is the best drug ever and really have a hard time believing the 9 and 10 ratings.  But also this drug is not a total dud and does not deserve so many low scores.  To me this is the second best drug I have tried for insomnia.After many years of struggling including lost work days, Ambien was a miracle to me and since going on it 8 years ago. I only needed about 5mg each night to be out and have 0 side effects from the stuff.  But I want a safer alternative at least for some of the time.  Belsomra seems to be fitting that need.  While it is not even close to being as effective or side effect free as Ambien, it is much better than Sonata or Rozerem.  I do need a higher 20mg dose for the stuff.  It usually kicks in after about 45 minutes and consistently puts me to sleep at that dosage. I have been learning to manage a slight headache / dehydration effect from it by keeping a water bottle by my bed.  I am slightly drowsy for a couple hours in the AM (although it wears off completely and am fine by about 9am).
I 've been taking Biotin off and on for a few years and have noticed that certain brands seem to cause more headaches ...and for someone who never really gets headaches the ones I got after taking it were just unbearable... stopped taking it and no more headaches so my suggestion is to stick with a well respected brand and if you can, just buy a small bottle first to see if you have a reaction... on the plus side I did see an improvement in my skin.. oh, and maybe it 's just me but I also noticed if I took it at night I had the most bizarre dreams 
27 year old female suffering from plaque psoriasis off and on my whole life. These past 4 years has been one steady flare up with an increase in severity. I was on Methotrexate for 1 1/2 years while using various topicals.  I 've been on Humira for 3 months in addition to the use of Clobex spray and Vectical ointment. It seems as if my nails and scalp have gotten worse and the patches on my calves and arms are not changing.  I hope I just have to give Humira a bit more time!
Why, on God 's green earth and with all the medical advances, can 't the drug companies develop a prep that isn 't disgusting? I got most of the first bottle down with ice water and a straw, but the thought of repeating the process was just too much for me to handle. I got about a quarter of the second bottle down. I am pretty &quot;clean&quot; and the doc will just have to do his best.
Can 't seem to get off this drug. At four a day (prescribed) I am out within 2 weeks. That leaves me miserable for the next 2 weeks as I 've never purchased them online and I know of nobody else prescribed to them. I 've tried cold turkey, tapering, substitution and nothing works. I 'm really scared...
For the amount of calmness I got from this drug, I was still physically alert and able. That 's more than can say for most antipsychotics. It helped me sleep, and the following day my anxieties were lessened. I also found weird glimmers of hope in things, that had to be my depression lifting. It 's a miracle to me.However, I gained 20 pounds in one month, and the doctor saw that as a reason to get me off the drug. Food had this crazy magnetism about it; it quickly became the most valuable thing on the planet, and I was having cravings for food unlike anything I 've ever craved.If you can take the drug without binge eating, congratulations, because it works. Still, most people on this are overweight.
I got the Implanon inserted in September 2011. So far so good, the only side effects I have had are headaches and cravings. I have not gain any weight because I work out at least three times a week. I was on my period when it was inserted so far no period yet. I did cramp as though it was trying to come. I 'm a 43 year old women and tired of periods.
-The Mirena IUD insertion was about an 8/10 on pain scale. After I left the procedure, I had zero pain that night and wasn 't limited in any way. In the weeks following I had minor cramping. I had my period for about two straight months following insertion. -I had my mirena inserted in March, and it is now mid-July. I get my period at least once month, sometimes with heavy cramping on day 1.  -My biggest word of caution is regarding weight gain. Post insertion I 've had a lot of issues maintaining my weight and I am truly consistent with what I eat. I 've gained 10 pounds w/o changing my diet. It is VERY hard to the lose weight. I 'm now 3 mo.  Post insertion and my weight has suddenly levelled back out, with no changes to my diet. Super weird.
I am starting otezla sometime next week and I really hope it 's works!!! I 've had psoriasis since I was 16 years old (I 'm 37 now) and I hate it! I 'm constantly itching and making myself bleed! I 'm a woman and I can 't even shave my legs! I 've tried so many creams and study drugs I lost count and some have worked for a little bit but then stopped working! I 've even tried Stelara which worked for about 5-6 months but that drug also stopped working! My hubby and I have been together going on 18 years and we have 2 wonderful kids together, ages 15 &amp; 12 and I can honestly say they have been my rock!!! Some days are better then others and sometimes I do even go outside for a walk but most of the time I 'm inside, looking out the window!
I am a person who has suffered from constant yeast infections for a long time.If you stared too hard at me I might catch one .Everything irritated me from body wash/jacuzzi water/ or anything with a scent would have me right back in the dr 's office. I usually prefer diflucan pills because it works but I wanted to try a different route because even though diflucan gets rid of the problem,it seems to always come back.I bought these pills from a local Walgreens and I took one orally and it did make me feel a little weird and I inserted one vaginally but it did not hurt.Slight stinging every so often but it 's nothing major.I hope this works !
While this pill was effective for me in that I did not get pregnant, my experience with Minastrin was poor to say the least. I had spotting between every single period that usually lasted around 7 days, sometimes more.  My periods were very heavy for days one and two with some of the worst cramps I 've ever had. My breasts were in near constant pain but on the bright side stayed the same size when I lost 10lbs during my time on the pill. I 've recently switched to a higher dose of hormones which my doctor said should stop the spotting. Good luck, ladies!
Very bad joint pain and neuropathy after two weeks
I started using oxys after car crash, after my Dr. cut me off, switched to heroin. My wife was ready to leave and I could not believe 5yrs prior I was happy in perfect health....now shooting dope  just to stay well. Went on methadone for 14 months, was 120mg p/day tapered down to 20mgs and went through a week of hell. Then I was put on 8mg strip of suboxone. Immediately helped, I felt great. After 4 months of suboxone therapy I ask  my Dr. to taper me off drugs completely. While the subs works, it 's just another opiate if we are truthful. Long story short, a month after quitting suboxone I ended up in psych. ward with suicidal thoughts and major depression. So back on subs again.. Truth is, I lost me somewhere between my first oxy &amp; sub.
I 've taken this many times, usually only taking 1 and had never had any problems. This particular night I decided to try 2 as I was constipated to the point I was in pain. The following day, nothing had happened but my stomach had settled a bit however they seemed to take affect the day after. In agony, on the loo for about 2 hours. Burning up and nauseous. Suggest only take 1 if using, definitely not gentle if you take 2.
This pill made me break out like crazy. Also, it made me very depressed and irritated with everyone!! I gained a little weight and ate like crazy , I tried to get off of it but my doctor says I should take it for 3 months so my body can get used to it .
Causes intense sweating
I have been on Belviq for one week and I have had zero side effects. I also see no changes in my appetite. As I write this I am hungry and I 've already eaten about 1900 calories today. Not sure if it takes longer then a week to take effect but time will tell. Probably going to have to try something different in a few weeks when I meet with my doctor.
Started this medication today after being on bentyl for years. Noticed within a few hours I was having side effects. Muscle pains, nausea, loss of appetite.  Hopefully these subside and this medicine works. My insurance covered most of the cost, so pricing wasn 't too awful.
On June 5 at midnight, My boyfriend &amp; I fooled around without a condom on my fertile days he didn 't finish or anything or put it all the way in but getting pregnant through even some pre cum is possible just unlikely. Just to be safe I took one around 10am on June 7 because I already have a 4 month old. I feel okay. A little dizzy , cramps nauseous, not anything crazy. I 'm sure it will go well. Hoping I can avoid taking it again though! Will post another experience about when my period comes this month!
I had my Mirena inserted in March 2011. I had it in for 6 months and kept losing weight... it was GREAT! I dropped about 10-15 lbs. The cons for me were: oily hair/skin, back acne (which I never usually have), and severe unexplainable joint pain. I had it removed 3 months ago due to the joint pain, as it was unbearable. I have started gaining weight (~5lbs) so I 'm thinking about trying the Mirena again. 
I 've been on Paxil for about two months. The first two weeks I was on 10mg, and I could feel a big change. My pupils would dilate huge, which I read was because my brain was finally being flooded with serotonin. I actually would relate the side effects I felt as similar to MDMA (I spent from 19-23 as an avid drug user..have been clean now for 4 years). I felt awesome, but it didn 't last. Two weeks in, my doctor increased my dose to 20mg. Since the increase, the &quot;good feeling&quot; has kind of went away. I feel how I did before I started Paxil, PLUS it 's hard to think clearly&amp;feels like something is pressing on my chest at night. I have absolutely no sex drive and have lost more than 20lbs due to not eating. It 's done nothing for my anxiety yet.
I have been taking quasense tablets since April 2016....mostly started because of terrible cramping from my period...it does prevent pregnancy but the side effects are horrible....I lost 30 pounds prior to starting this pills only to gain 22 pounds of it back in less than 4 months....I have absolutely no sex drive....and the stomach pains are so horrible that at 30 years of age I asked my doctor to perform a colonoscopy/endo to be sure nothing major was going on with me....I understand that everybody is not the same however....I would not recommend these pills to anyone!!!!
I was taking 1 MG with breakfast and found on occasion I had dizziness. I cut the pill in half and no longer experience dizziness.
I 've been on Keppra for around 4 months now. The only thing I like about it is that I don 't feel like a zombie like I did while taking Tegretol. Apart from that it does not really control my seizures and makes me dizzy and forgetful.
There 's a lot of bad reviews on here, so I thought I 'd offer my experience to balance it out. Camila has been fine for me. Switching from estrogen-based birth control to progestin-only I have noticed a few negative side effects. I have slightly more acne/greasier skin. I also have a lot more breast pain/tenderness when I PMS than I did before. I hate having to remember it every day, and given the side effects, would go back on estrogen in a heartbeat. Since that 's not an option, this has worked out fine for me. I haven 't noticed any weight gain or moodiness
My blood pressure was 150 's/100 's. My doctor did not want to prescribe Altace which worked in the past. The prescription he gave me was 20mg Lisinopril with 12.5mg of hydrochlorothiazide. My blood pressure has reduced to 120 's/80 's. My blood pressure does fluctuate sometimes to 90/70. I then become very dizzy. I have been experiencing extreme muscle fatigue especially in my shoulders, neck, arms and jaw muscles along with the tongue. When eating my jaws become quite cramped. My heart rate jumps up to about 130 at times. I find myself needing to take large breaths at times. Any physical exertion brings dizziness and fatigue within an hour or so. 
I 've been using it for a month now, the taste was horrible in the beginning but I 've found that if I drink something flavored it goes away. I can breathe a million times better with this spray. I have had chronic sinus headaches since I started taking this but I guess it 's a trade off to be able to breathe. I have found no correlation in the spray helping my asthma.
I was given Propofol two days ago to have my stomach scoped. Worked great for the procedure. 36 hours later I developed muscle spasms in my lower abdomen and anytime I went number 2 in the bathroom. After reviewing the side effects, it does say can cause severe abdominal muscle spasms. So now I am getting a anti-spasmodic medication for it.
My doctor had prescribed Senokot 8.6mg tablets, 1x twice daily as needed to help compensate for my constipation that is commonly caused by narcotic pain relievers, such as Morphine, Methadone, oxycodone. At first it was great. I had no discoloration, no bloating, it was comfortable and gentle, almost as if it were natural.  However, after about 3 months my bowels did start to become lazy and my Doctor had to give me something else in which to alternate off and on with.If while on this you notice the time between movements has increased to the point where you are &quot;certain&quot; it has, TELL YOUR DOCTOR! You 'll just hurt yourself more the longer you wait.
Took three pills (I 'm an adult) last night and nothing happened. That was to be expected, most reviews I had read said a couple hours later it would kick in Cue to this morning, about three hours ago. I woke up cramping and hurting and squirming in my bed like a wounded animal, clutching at my stomach because It felt like I was shot. Eventually I get up and move to the bathroom, nothing happens. So I sat and waited, tried a little and succeeded some, but cramping came in and out in waves which just made it worse for me. While on the phone with my parents, I hang up and it instantly happened. My BM was quick, almost painless, but most importantly it happened. So, it worked, but be weary of the pain that can induce when you use this!
I have been on Topamax for about four years now. I think the drug works however, I have developed Kidney Stones. I guess I am one of the few that do but I did therefore, I am seeking other drugs. As most have stated, my taste changed and anything with carbonation was terrible for the longest time. I eventually pushed through the changes and now everything pretty much tastes the way it should be on the medicine. I have allergies so the headaches I experience are mostly caused by that (which is why I think I have been pushed up to 200mg a day). Just a forewarning to everyone... When they say drink water DRINK!
I took ibuprofen (2 caps at night for severe back pain) while taking this medicine and woke in the morning with a severe nose bleed.
I am 14 years old and I am taking this pill for several reasons: acne, bad menstrual cramps and heavy periods. So far it has cleared up my acne way faster then anything else I 've tried, but I am on two other pills for acne as well, so it could be the combined effects. It hasn 't had much of an effect on my period itself, but the cramps are way less. The downside to this medication is that it makes me feel really nauseous. I 've tried taking the pill with a meal or a snack, but nothing helps. This pill makes me vomit if I eat more then a few bites at once. The pill made my breasts grow up a size (which is weird considering the weight loss from not being able to eat). If you 're just looking for a birth control, look elsewhere.
I 'm an addict and the first time I took it it did take away the withdrawal symptoms after about a few days into taking it (8mg 2 naloxone) tabs once a day it gave me severe headaches and sometimes made me feel sick. The pros to this medicine is it does keep the withdrawals at bay and is easier to withdraw from than methadone. Cons is the cost for me with no insurance is too high like 400.00 for a months supply! I know it works for some but not me! 5 out of 10.
I was on Levora but my pharmacist switched me to this because it 's cheaper. I hate it I have acid reflux and it 's making it unbearable. I 'm sick all the time terrible, heartburn making me puke. I 've been on the pill for little over a month I have terrible headache almost everyday and now I have this terrible pain in my left hand and going up a little bit. Next month I 'm off this pill. My period was horrible last month horrible cramps I couldn 't get out of bed!
Now, I consider myself someone who has a pretty high pain tolerance. I love needles and piercings and tattoos and have dealt with some pretty severe injuries. I have felt pain. The physical insertion was only slightly uncomfortable and lasted only a few seconds. However, the cramp I felt after was one of the most painful things I 've ever experienced. I sat lightheaded, sweating and almost crying in the room for 5 minutes after. I walked out and it was all I could do not to pass out while simply booking my next appointment. I went out to my car and turned on max AC and laid my seat back for a good 30 minutes. Mild cramping next few days. All in all most painful thing ever but only lasts like 45 minutes.
I was prescribed Trazadone to help me sleep because I was using Ativan and I wanted to get off it. I have taken it for 3 nights (50 mg). It takes about an hour to put me to sleep, but I am up again in about 4 hours, so far not the best.
Mucinex works great for colds and to help get the nasty stuff up before it takes root in the lungs, but for Bronchitis you will definitely need something much stronger (see a doctor) unless you want to be sick for about 4 weeks.
At first the diclegis seemed to work somewhat. I was no longer vomiting though I was still gagging at times but I was glad to be able to keep my food down. However now I 'm on my 2nd trimester at nearly 14 weeks and taking 3 a day and the nausea is on and off all day, the gagging is intense, and  I have even thrown up a few times. I 'm not sure what is going on, the doctor even took me off my prenatals to help the nausea and nothing seems to work. I was planing on decreasing my dose soon and getting off the medication as I 'm still skeptical and concerned on the long term affects it could have on my baby. This medication also makes me very sleepy all day. Makes it really hard to wake up at 5am for work.
Slowly getting recovered
I 'm on day 3, and the itching and burning has gotten better from day one. On day one It was unbelievably itchy
This helped a lot at first, but I have been on this medicine for 7 years now. I think I may need something more now.
tried 30 - 5mg with no signifigant results on the Cialis promise program. Filled out &quot;promise&quot; form requesting a trial of another medication unspecified. Denied because form filled out wrong. Resubmitted corrected form which was denied because it was a resubmission.
I was on risperidone for over a year. I suffer from severe manic depressive bipolar disorder with schizoaffective episodes. The medication along with an antidepressant helped with the delusions (visual and auditory). But the weight gain was immense in one year I gained over 60 pounds. I weigh over 300 pounds now and the depression is worse. I have osteoarthritis in both knees that with the weight have been severely debilitating. Preparing meals, doing daily activities are almost impossible. Standing for more than ten minutes is excruciating. I suggest to use caution with the increase in weight this medicine can cause.
I use to love this medication! I would take it and it took my migraine away within an hour. About a year ago I took it and my throat felt like it was closing up and my heart was racing. I tried taking it again and the same thing happen. I am very sad I can no longer take it because it worked great to relieve my throbbing migraine pain.
This was my first medication for Bi-Polar, I 'm a 40 year old woman and a long distance runner. This medication was great because it made the rapid thoughts and anxiety go away. However if you 're an athlete like I am, I found this difficult as it caused extreme fatigue to the point where I was a couch potato not wanting to do anything. I gained 10 pounds in the first month and found it exhausting to run even a mile where I 'm accustomed to running much more. My doctor is switching me to Topamax, today will be my first day taking it and I 'm praying for good results.
I started this 4 weeks ago, I am ready to quit, my nausea is so bad, it is hard to deal with. I was told it would go away, not! My sugars are running a lot lower and I stopped the actos. I feel like it is a huge rock in my stomach, and looking, smelling, or trying to eat makes me want to gag. I am hanging on one more week. My daughter is a nurse and does my injections, you need to do stomach and pinch up the skin making sure you don 't see any veins. I have lost 10 #. and when I lay down to sleep I get heartburn really bad. I can 't even sleep, I toss and turn sometimes the whole 8 hours, I am miserable!!!
I posted earlier when I started and now it 's been about 6 months so thought I 'd update. After 3 months the non stop bleeding and spotting did stop. I have gained some weight but nothing that isn 't manageable. Also the bleeding during sex. My period hasn 't stopped tho, and I get it monthly usually with in the same week. Usually a few days later than the last. The biggest symptom I have had though is that my boobs two weeks after my period will hurt so bad. So bad and last till my period comes. Doc recommended small dose of evening primrose, of sodium tablets. Might give it a try. If you can stick out and your body isn 't telling you to give up after 3 months it does get a little better. Least for me....
Am now on day four, with absolutely no side effects... guess I 'm a fortunate one. I have H. pylori, but have been asymptomatic, so don 't know yet if it 's working... will have to see how the post-medication test turns out.
I 'm 17, and this was my second bc that I was put on. My first one made me spot for weeks on end, so I was switched. I started taking this one two months ago and I HATE IT. I am a person that typically has a strong stomach, however this birth control makes me have the worst migraines and I start feeling nauseous everyday around 1pm. Because of this, I have lost 15 pounds which its fine with me, but it 's annoying to never have the desire to eat. Other than that, my periods have been on the heavier side, but no mood swings or acne flare ups. Defiantly going to be switched again!!
I got on it for my cysts which cause horrible pain and heavy periods. Since taking it the pain hasn 't been too bad, and the periods shorter and lighter. My only problem with it is that it made me gain weight to which I have tried everything to lose, but am unsuccessful.
I 've been on Losartan for about 12 months. At first this medicine lowered my BP to about 130/88. Over the 12 month period, my back by my kidney area felt like someone kicked it. Then, I was experiencing major depression off and on for months, nausea, extreme sensitivity to sound that I would startle easy, along with failing memory/concentration as my memory before the Losartan was pretty sharp.  I also found out during that 12 month period that I now have big gallstones and diverticulosis. These symptoms didn 't appear until AFTER I started taking the Losartan daily for 12 months. Now, the Losartan is not working on my BP, so my doctor wants to try another medication on me, with of course more side effects. Not recommended.
I like the pill now because most of the side effects have gone away. The first month is the hardest though. My body had a very hard time adjusting to the pill and I had insane mood swings. I went from insanely angry, to sad, and depressed, even considering self harm. I do not feel any of those emotions now but if you are someone who is prone to depression try another pill.
On Stelara for about 9 months now.  It does work well on reducing my very thick, very stubborn head to toe psoriasis that I 've suffered from for nearly 20 years.The reason I am only giving it a 6 rating is that the manufacturer has totally over rated their product in terms of the length of time it lasts.  For me, this medicine lasts about 4 weeks at best and I need another shot or the psoriasis flares up with the vengeance of a woman scorned.  If I was to wait the suggested 12 weeks the psoriasis becomes worse than before I started.  As a result of this, the price of the medicine should be drastically reduced to better reflect it 's true half-life.
I have just started started on Lyrica 75 mg. Taking it once in the night. It seems to be working. My pain is down a bit and am able to do a lot more work than before. Also don 't get as tired as before. Just got back from visiting turkey and the week I spent there was hectic. Lots and lots of walking. Don 't think I would have been able to do it without this medication. I have fibromyalgia since the last 2 and half years and had shyed away from this medication because of the side effects. However I was in so much pain a month ago that I finally decided to give it a try. I don 't regret it and am hoping that the effect of the medicine will last. And I 'll have a normal life again. 
I got mine October 18th 2014, six weeks after giving birth. The first few months were hell. Insertion didn 't hurt but I was still taking Hydrocodones from my episiotomy so that 's probably why. I bled for 4 months straight. Then when my periods came back they lasted two weeks. I lost so much weight, and it wasn 't good because I 'm underweight. I became so moody and just mean. This is my first birth control, and it could be my body just not reacting wel to hormones. However, a year later and my periods are now 2-3 days and barely anything. I 'm happier now and I 'm glad I didn 't take it out. Everyone 's body is different.
This was very simple to use.  I thought it would be great.  My 3 year old has vomiting as a side effect. My 6 year old and I seem to have no side effects.
I 'm down to my last glass of this stuff and all I can really say is it 's not for me. Every single glass of this has made me vomit 20-30 minutes after drinking. Enough of it has gone down so that it 's working, so every time I vomit, liquid is also coming out of the other end. It 's really awful. The vomiting is incredibly violent and there is little warning before it happens.
I got the paraguard inserted roughly three months ago. For most of my teenage years / beginning of my twenties I was on the demo shot. Little did I know, it made me SEVERELY depressed. I 've been SO scared of putting hormones back into my body ever since the demo shot. SO, I decided to go with the paraguard IUD. It truly felt like the best option for me. However, it 's been three months of NON stop heavy bleeding. Sure, we all know that bleeding is just a symptom of periods. I am constantly bloated, lathargic and irritable. I personally can not tolerate it any longer and am getting it removed.
I actually don 't know how long I was on Tanzeum, but it was 6mos-1year. Insurance stopped covering and it wasn 't quite doing what it needed to for my blood sugar. I had some stuff going on that I am not positive was related to the Tanzeum (like joint pain) but it is worth mentioning because I see some other people saying they know that their joint pain was a side effect. However, I am happy to report that I didn 't have any notable side effects or injection site reaction etc. This needle is so tiny that it does not hurt like Bydureon 's big needle.
I 've been this medicine for 8 yrs and now I 'm experiencing severe debilitating joint pain. It feels like gout.  I am also wheezing now.  I 'm ready to get off of it and try something else.
At first I liked it but over time I noticed my hair thinning and severe depression. My acne got better but overall not worth it. Also the longer I am on it the more I experience yeast infections.
Took for c. diff. infection; on 500mg/3x daily for 10 days. Close to 30 weeks pregnant. Horrible side effects from taking the medicine, such as: extreme fatigue, dizziness (obviously steered clear of driving), heart palpitations, and an increase in mood swings/depression. Heard many others had issues on Flygyl as well. Did clear up c. diff. infection though.
I had Paraguard inserted approximately ten months ago. I had been on the birth control pill for ten years or so, but was unable to continue taking hormonal birth control due to issues with migraine headaches and the potential for stroke. This left me with Paraguard as the ONLY birth control option for me. Insertion took only a few minutes but was intense. I have never had painful cramping or heavy periods, and the insertion cramps felt like they could have been real contractions. This pain lasted about a day and returned in time for my next period. I have never felt pain like this before. I am almost a year into having this IUD, and the pain is only just NOW getting slightly better. Still require heavy duty pain medication to get through it
I think the Dulcolax suppositorys are horrible. That cause the worst pain in lower stomach, it 's the longest time sitting on the toilet... Usually I would use Fleet Enema. Which is great. Painful but well worth it.... Use the liquid Enema. I 'll never use this again. The enema is like $3 for a 2-pack this stuff is $10 for a five-pack of suppositories. This is crazy
Ritali doesn 't work for me but Concerta does. My dosage is 72 mg of Concerta. 200 mg of Seroquel and 20 mg of Ritalin.
this hurt so bad i literally almost cried
I was on this medication for a number of years, but I 've come off it, because it doesn 't help my social anxiety and the side-effects are quite debilitating for me. I have both generalised and social anxiety and though the Lexapro did help me feel generally less anxious, it did not help with the social anxiety. It also made me feel constantly very fatigued. Coming off Lexapro was absolutely horrible and I felt physically and mentally awful. Though it certainly is a good fit for mild to moderate anxiety, I felt like I was trapped on the medication because coming off it even for a day made me physically ill.
EXPENSIVE! Taste is salty grape disgusting even mixed with gatorade. Sucked on ice cubes in between gulps &amp; sips. Works well. Do liquids only for 2 days before &amp; light food the 3rd day before. Cover your bum with petroleum jelly mixed with Vit A&amp;D BEFORE the prep &amp; reapply as needed/use tucks or baby wipes.
I had good grades. I could concentrate. But, I became very aggressive. I had to stop taking.
This medicine makes me VERY sick
Ladies after every urination u have to rinse ur vagina with warm/ hot water. I inserted the ovule yesterday morning. I experienced mild itching a couple hours later and i applied the cream...which was annoying because I felt damp and the key to a YI is staying dry. Anyway I think its working u just have to rinse urself with warm water after urination or u will itch because the medication and itchy yeast is passing through onto the outer vaginal area. Keep it clean and dry. I did catch this early on after taking antibiotics so...
Sore throat severe allergy symptoms loss of appetite body aches chest pain facial swelling blurred vision dry cough headache weakness
I have been on the nuva ring for almost 4 Months. 1st month it was cool. My body getting use to it. 2nd month I was fine no bleeding for the first 2 weeks of the month ever since then I have bled. Ive been bleeding for 2 1/2 months. Its so annoying and embarrassing. I haven 't worn panties with put a pad or something since. I was put on Estradiol to help my body get passed the weird stage. But nothing. Now I know your reading this and your like hell no! But everybody is different. This is just my story...
I took this medicine with lamotragine to treat major depression and speculated bipolar disorder. I think it worked well, it got me out of a bad fog, but it made me so tired. I had to sleep for a tleast 12 hours. If anyone let me, I 'd probably sleep for 24. For most of the time I was taking 50mg. Then we upped it to 100mg and I was starting to sleep through my alarms, I was being late for work. So I took myself off of it gradually. I didn 't have the money to back to the phsychiatrist. Anyhow, I got off of it, it 's been a good 8 or so months. And the depression is back..or at least starting up again. I 'm thinking that my only option is to go back on this medicine..but maybe only take 25 mg doses since it makes me so tired. Is this a bad idea?
I am taking SSRI to help me deal w my job, and daily life stressors.  I switched from Zoloft to buspar approximately 3 weeks ago, due to side effects.  I have sleep issues due to being a night shift person, and probably anxiety, so I 'm on Ambien as well.  Lately, I 'm having worse sleep problems, and having weird dreams.  I 've read, Buspar can cause insomnia.  Planning on taking my dose all at once during my waking hours.  Anyone taking it just once a day?  And what 's your experience.  Thank you.
I have tried the patch several times. However my problem with the patch is that when I perspire at work the patch no longer stay stuck to my skin and falls off. 
I have been getting the shot since having my 3rd baby 17 months ago. Honestly, the 1st year was awesome! No periods, no mood swings, and no weight gain! Actually improved my moods and I lost all my baby weight right away. I was also breastfeeding at the time. As soon as I stopped when my son was 12 mos old, I guess the hormones in my body changed and reacted differently with the shot. I started bleeding for weeks at a time. I would bleed light to moderate for about 3-4 weeks and then stop for about 2 weeks and start up again. I 've now gained about 10-15 lbs. and I 'm starting to break out a bit and I never break out. Also my moods are definitely off. I can really feel the difference. Up and down all the time. It was great while it lasted!
After my VAD Stroke I am on plavix.  I have a toddler that I still nurse. I looked up plavix for several days &amp; talked to several doctors. Some said it was fine, some said it was not ok. After talking to so many people about it, I felt that it seemed ok to nurse on. I 've been on it for a month and yesterday I realized that my 2yo is constipated. We are weaning ASAP now because I don 't know what else it 's doing to him, but it 's definitely getting through. I just wanted to post this somewhere for other nursing moms to see. We are currently only nursing 2 times a day right now.
This drug is okay. It calms me down if I take it as needed but it just makes me tired if I take it all the time.
I experienced constipation and bought this because it said it was so gentle said take one two three. I mistakenly took three thinking that I had a serious situation was going to be gentle. Within 1 hour and 50 minutes I had severe cramps sweating and massive diarrhea that was at 6 last night it started it is 11:40 a.m. the next day and I am still experiencing cramping sweating and complete liquid diarrhea. Needless to say I will not be using this product again however to anyone please only take one maybe two max.  I could never take three and make sure you have nowhere to go for like 24 hours
I 've had nexplanon implant for two and a half years. It wasn 't so much a bad experience, I 've had my period every couple months for at least 2 weeks. Just recently my period has lasted me about a month. Not necessarily heavy but really annoying. When I first got on nexlpanon I weighed about 125 - 130, and now I 'm around 110. I 've tried everything I could to gain weight from eating more to taking mass gainers. My body feels extremely weak and I 'm always tired. I feel as if it 's been getting worse.
I would have given this a higher rating, as I used to love this pill. I went through 3 months in the beginning of irregular periods which I knew would happen, and once that was over these worked beautifully. No mood changes, no weight changes, regulated my period for months, and now I 've been on it for a year? maybe? and for the past 2 months I 've had my normal period, and then ANOTHER period 2 weeks into the new pack of pills. In 2 months I had 4 periods. Then the next month it was regulated and now AGAIN, 2 weeks into the pill I am spotting AGAIN. This is ridiculous. 
I had angina due to blocked artery, started on 2 per day for a week then doubled up. Started to feel dizziness, severe  headaches, progressed to complete unbalance sensation. I also experienced constipation and joint stiffness. Now back to 2 pills 500mg per day for trial purposes.
I 've been on this pill for about 9 months now, and while I love not having a period and no mood swings. I 've had terrible acne, breast tenderness (to the point of walking is painful) and I 've put on about 15lbs. I 've even increased my exercise and gone on a diet and I 'm still putting on weight. 
First of all, I was prescribed to Cymbalta/Buspar at the same time to treat my depression/anxiety, respectively, and I can say that I experienced absolutely no side effects from the Cymbalta and I seem to &quot;care&quot; slightly more about other people not just myself. I 've been taking Cymbalta for 4 weeks now and am unsure if I 've experienced the full effect of what it should be doing for me
I had this for  Broken Back, Shoulder Surgery (rotator cuff). I literally taste the medication when I apply it to my skin on my shoulder / arm area.  Had a bit of gastric upset for about a half hour after using.  Seemed to help relieve some of my pain though.  Just wondering if you 've had people report the taste on application.
I am losing quite a bit of weight 65 pounds, but I do not want to lose my hair in the process of it. It is really falling out and I don 't know what to do. I went to a dermatologist and after a few treatments and a biopsy she told me there was nothing she could do.
I have been taking this for around three years now and I found that for the first year I was headache free. On my second year I was occasionally getting heads like 2 or 3 a month. Then after my third year of being on the medicine it seemed as though I was taking nothing to help with migranes. I have now been getting up 10 migranes at different times per day. I went to see my neurologist and he said I 'm having uncontrolled migranes and he put me on Topamax so I guess I will see how that goes.
For my particular situation (which was EXTREMELY stressful), this medicine was just what I needed during the time that I took it. It took the edge off. This allowed me to overlook the pretty bad side effects which were most prevalent during the first 3 months of the year that I took it in: uncontrollable appetite, weight gain of 50 lbs over the year, lethargy, and irritating anorgasmia. However when my surroundings became less stressful, I began to realize that the Lexapro was causing me to feel one constant emotion: numb. In my experience this is pretty constant with SSRIs, but it was very prevalent on Lexapro. However I 've noticed that my body has particularly unusual responses to medications. This is only my experience.
I have been using tretinoin for almost 3 weeks now. First week was alright but after that my face broke out quite bad. I had quite a few new pimples on my face. Ughh those two weeks tested my patience but I knew that it has to get worse before getting better so I kept that positive attitude and moved forward. Now I think my face is getting used to the cream and I am not seeing any new pimples anymore. Hopefully, now the &quot;clearing up phase&quot; will start. Fingers crossed.
I actually felt more of an appetite. It didn 't work for me.
I am on my 2nd dose, and no side effects at all.  I haven 't lost interest in food, like I was hoping because I need to lose weight. I have not been sick or anything, and my daily readings have not gone down by much.  I almost wonder if its really getting inside of me when i inject it (Being funny there).  I hope it starts to do something, I am on the lower dose, so maybe I need the higher one.  I go for a follow up in August, I will know more then
Other meds not effective and troubling to Doctor. I started FETZIMA 40mg 5 days ago, including taper off Wellbutron and Escaltalipram. Side effects - heavy sweating, couple of headaches, occasional nausea, frequent diarrhea, little bouts of grouchy, inconsistent sleep, feel unsteady - - improved mood, better energy.  I 'm hoping for negative effects to stop or be manageable. I see Dr in a week. I 'll hang in there til then.
I take 150mg propafenone twice daily for prolonged VT. My heart has been steady for five months. But I now see that this drug should not be used if there is a heart conduction problem. I have both LBBB and RBBB. I can find no guidance whether to keep on or stop it.
Second colonoscopy.  First one was 10 years ago.  This prep is less volume to drink than 10 years ago but I feel the taste is the same.  I could still taste it with my nose held.  I did get it down but had to take breaks and chew gum in between.  In the end, it is worth the sacrifice!
I 've previously used other pills, patch, and the ring. My periods usually lasted only 4 days, however with this pill I am bleeding a lot longer.I 've started spotting and took my first pill, little did I know I would be spotting for 4 days!! Today is my 4th day on my period and it looks way too heavy. No mood swings, no weight gain, skin clear (no difference) I 'm only taking this for contraceptive purpose. I am in a new relationship, and I 'm very worried how long this blood flow might last.
So far Zoloft has proven to be very helpful. I gave it the rating I did because it 's only been two weeks on it. I have had 2 panic attacks today but so far so good. The Zoloft did keep them from going full blown. It 's like I just all of a sudden began to calm down. I still feel a little anxious but I definitely have energy now. I started out on 25mg and then increased to 50mg the following week. I do have excessive yawning and some fatigue but overall this medicine is awesome. The doctors decided to try me on this because one day I just woke up and began to have panic attacks and they continually got worse. I was on Celexa 20mg which didn 't help at all with anxiety. The reviews on this page definitely gives me hope to continue using  this.
I was prescribed 15 mg for acute insomnia and the first night I fell asleep so well, it felt like my eye lids were heavy, then the vivid dream came.  This continued for a week, and I was so groggy, had trouble coming out, but it is supposed to work better the longer you take it, and I am sorry I did not use this medicine longer.  I am going to get it again and try a full 30 days and see. Looking forward to a nights sleep.  Ambien is great, but the side effects are too much for me, but everyone reacts differently to these medicines.
I 'm on my day 4. It 's making me feel dizzy, tired and fatigue.  This is bad enough but the worst is that it tastes bitter and waking me up a few time because of that. I drink water but the bitter taste does not go away.
I was put on Synthroid after having my thyroid removed due to cancer 6 yrs ago.  I think I 've been put on every dosage there is.  I have not felt the same since. I 'm always tired, I wake up wanting to rip someones head off, armpits sweat horribly, cry over nothing, depressed, hair loss, always colder or hotter then people around me, no energy etc. but when I talk to my doctor and explain my issues I 'm told that I 'm fine. (I beg to differ, needless to say I 'm going to see a new doctor next visit).  Though I 'm sure Synthroid is a wonderful medication, it just doesn 't seem to be working for me in my opinion... my doctor seems to think different.
Muscle pain/stiffness. I 've used heating pads, icy hot, Bengay cream, screaming toast...tiger balm doesn 't get hot like Bengay cream does, but there is a nice tingling, and it lasts for about five hours. Increases flexibility and reduces pain. Smells awful unless you have a cold and then, it clears the sinuses! Even if it is not hot, DO NOT get in eyes, or other mucous membranes!!
I started taking the chewable tablets in mid march when my period was lasting an extremely long time and was extremely heavy. Yes, I got my period at age 14 which is to be considered late, in December, and got it at the end of February randomly and it lasted almost two months EXTREMELY heavily to the point where I was missing classes and my bed sheets were soaked. Once I started these pills, I felt great. My periods were extremely light, my breasts were huge, and life was great. But then, weight gain occurred and I gained almost 15 pounds in a month. Coming from someone who used to be able to gain nothing after eating everything, this was awful. I tried exercising, and nothing worked. 
I got 5mg samples from my doctor for depression and anxiety and took almost the whole sample bottle but had to stop. This drug affected me very oddly and I couldn&rsquo;t take it anymore. In the beginning I felt like I was on speed, which I didn&rsquo;t mind. It got rid of my depression and anxiety almost immediately. My confidence came back and I could get up in the morning. Towards the end, however, I had increased cravings for food, I went from not being able to sleep at all to having to sleep ALL DAY. My nipples almost got really tender and a little swollen. I knew I had to get off this medication it was horrible. Hopefully Wellbutrin will work for me.
I received Dilaudid through IV while in ER for kidney pain. The pain relief was very fast and effective. However, I had noticeable side effects - that disorienting whoosh effect mentioned by another commenter, severe dizziness, nausea and blurred vision. When admissions asked me to sign paperwork I had significant trouble raising my arms and holding the pen, but I was able to sign my name with a great deal of concentration. Getting out of bed was very difficult when they asked for a urine sample. I needed quite a bit of assistance from the nurse to walk across the hall. All I wanted to do was lie very still and minimize the dizziness. It took about 8 hours for this effect to go away.
I have been on Levora for approximately 5 years. After I started having severe abdominal pains, I decided to stop taking birth control all together. I thought that maybe my body was just upset that I had been pumping synthetic hormones into it, so I stopped taking it for 6-8months...it didn 't help. While I was on it for the 5 years, it was great. I didn 't have any problems with it...my weight was fine, acne no worse or better, no mood swings and no drop in libido. I ended up back on it due to endometriosis, only this time I had all the problems I didn 't have initially. I had spotting that lasted at least 2 weeks, got severe headaches, gained 10 lbs, my breasts were very tender and the WORST PART.... NO SEX DRIVE AT ALL!
I wanted to learn about side effects and effectiveness. I appreciate the posts. My experience: I am only on day 3, first shot on Sunday. I have been extremely tired, unable to sleep more than an hour at a time. I toss and turn at night. I can 't hardly eat, which is good, as I tend to overeat, or eat when I am not even  hungry. My Dr. told me to not eat sugar, rice, bread, potatoes, etc. I haven 't,  so I have had none of the side effects of loose bowels or vomiting, however, I am only on day 3. I have to make myself eat. I feel nauseous most of the time. I tried to choke down eggs this morning with little luck. I am hoping to get down 30+lbs so I don 't have to be on insulin as my a1c is borderline.
Had bad stomach aches after taking the medication. Also dizziness and nausea. After a while the side effects lessened.
I like Implanon because it only made me spot a couple of times and now my period hasn 't come again and I 've had it in since the beginning of August 2011. The one thing I do hate is the fact that I have never had acne in my life until now. I keep getting random little pimples all over my face. They come in bunches all over my face. It 's really depressing.
I started Lo-Loestrin Fe two months ago and am having the worst acne breakouts I have ever had! I am waiting to finish up my third pack and then going to try and switch. I am getting married in three weeks and nothing will work to clear up the acne.
Wellbutrin is probably the best antidepressant on the US market. It 's best to start at &gt; 75 MG a day to make sure you can tolerate it; there are many who this medicine does nothing for or causes anxiety or other health problems. Regardless of what they say; do check your liver and kidneys; it is more non-toxic than a lot of drugs but it does take a toll on your body over time. For me, nothing as of yet.
I was given Tamiflu on Sunday February 14th my fever broke that evening and the aches went away but Tuesday morning I was so nauseous and had bad stomach cramps and diarrhea I couldn 't function. Missed another day of work . Not sure side effects are worth it. Prescription was expensive and all I can say is my fever is gone.  Not sure if it was the meds or just the flu running its course. Recommend not taking it. Sometimes the cure is worse than the ailment.
Ok for sleep, not super deep.  Experienced repeated moderate depression afternoon following day several times.  Bad enough that I stopped.  Also next day drowsiness at times.
This is my second day on the cream. Last night was the first time I inserted it, and it did itch a whole lot more than before. It made me cry! However, throughout today it didn 't itch once like it did yesterday. I just put the second tube in and it only made it itch a little. So, I figured it 's killing the infection.  I do recommend going to the doctor and getting the pill and cream they prescribe you, it 's  a lot better than going good through all this itching. My doctor told me to get Monistat this time. If it doesn 't work I will be at the doctor for that pill!!!
I have been on Zoloft for 6 months 100mg a day. It worked great for me. Then out of the blue I started feel bad again like I felt before I started Zoloft. Low energy &amp; borderline anxiety attacks all day every day.
This is my second time on the camrese lo. My first experience was pretty crappy. I started spotting the last week of the first pack and didnt stop spotting until the week before my period week. I had a easy light period whice was nice. I had my dr give me a script for something else just taking a normal 28 day cycle. My period was terrible though so i chose to try the camrese lo again. So far im in the third pack and no spotting. I think my body needed to re adjust or something from the mini pill i was on before. Either way im very happy with my results the second time around.
Taking Micardis, sotalol, norvasc and still run 140 over 90 to 110 blood pressure.  Been on this for years with different doctors.  They help but never get me normal blood pressure.
Very bad side effect: insomnia, depression, important weight lost...
Nasonex worked quickly at helping the inflammation in my throat but I was getting daily headaches so I had to stop using it.
So, I have reviewed before back in June! I didn 't have a cycle since May, I started bleeding a few days ago, it wasn 't bad, but now it 's super heavy but absolutely no cramps. It 's like when I wasn 't on birth control.
It works well if you can stand the side effects; weakness in limbs, dry mouth/throat, constant sore throat that feels like strep and constant thirst. I had to quit and return to Flomax as it just makes me dizzy.
I have just started to use Elavil - this is my third day of taking this medication and I already feel a little better.
I got this implanted into my arm exactly two years ago.. my doctor has now recommended me to get this taken out of my arm as soon as possible do to my abnormal weight gain. Sadly, I have gained about 60 lbs since having this birth control. My periods after the first year have been very irregular. All of this birth control method has prevented me from getting pregnant,  all the other side effects aren 't worth it. I have an appointment within the next few weeks to get this taken out of my arm.
Omg!! Fire fire fire. My vulva felt like I sat on a campfire!! This is too strong for a delicate place (vagina), almost an hour after insertion my itching intensified, burning felt as if I sat on Satan 's lap just excruciating pain, until all of a sudden I felt relief out of no where. I will use a prescription from my MD next time. Whewwww  horrific experience.
My daughter was taking 10mg for OCD hair pulling, while it did help with the pulling she gained 20kg and could not stay awake which is not a good thing in school. She had no motivation for anything but to eat and sleep. I have taken her off the medication. 
I noticed that I had no appetite at all while taking Effexor.
Vimpat has some effectiveness for my partial seizures, but it is accompanied by other difficulties:1. It gave me double vision early on. We had to balance my dosages of Vimpat and Lamictal to straighten out the problem.2. I struggle with memory problems as a result of taking it. Sometimes I need to ponder extra long to even be able to recount what I did or learned just a few days before. And I 'm not always successful.3.Vimpat has intensified my emotions, especially in causing me to weep. I used to go a whole year without shedding a tear. Now I often can 't even go a whole day without crying a bit. I don 't think it 's depression. I usually am moved to tears over something I deem wonderfully moving. Just totally out of character for me.
I spotted for a few weeks at first, but it never happened again. I had short, 2 or 3 day periods, only minor cramps, no nausea--a huge one for me because I have a sensitive stomach, no moodiness, no weight gain. It was almost like not being on the pill at all, except that I immediately noticed that my generally clear skin was breaking out like CRAZY with really painful cystic acne. I assumed it was just an initial breakout and tried to wait it out, but I just recently quit after 4 months because I couldn 't handle the horrible acne. I did a lot of research and it 's progesterone is very androgenic and is known to cause acne. It 's a shame because otherwise, it was PERFECT. Because that was my only side effect, I 'd still recommend it though.
I 've been taking the Topamax for over a year now for migraines was on 50mg twice a day now was put on 100mg twice a day helps with the migraines I do have on side effect and that 's the drowsiness but as far as a weight medication it has not help me one bit actually I have gained weight on this medication.
Medication does help with lower back spasms. I found I was able to sleep once the drug kicked in. Taken only when needed, as prescribed by doctor. Side effects for me included pain in left side/stomach area; tenderness in same area; diarrhea for two days after last dose.
Hi all, I had Kyleena inserted at the end of March 2017, about a week before my period was due. The process was not that painful, but definitely uncomfortable. I took the day off of work, before a weekend, so I would have a few days to recover. I had some bad cramps following the insertion for a few days and some light spotting. About two weeks later I was having terrible cramps and my period started. The main problem is, it hasn 't stopped since. I have been bleeding for about 5 weeks, with intermittent uncomfortable cramps. I also have noticed changes in my digestive patterns, including increase b.m. frequency and urgency. I have a follow up with my doctor tomorrow. I will at least give it three months.
I was prescribed the 25mg pill when I experienced light headedness and dizzy spells for a couple of days. The Dr. told me that I had fluid behind my ear canal causing vertigo and that the med would help. I 've taken it twice since last night. Its helping a lot. But, makes me withdrawn and very tired.
This will be my third week on Pristiq 50mg and so far I 'm feeling quite positive and free of depressive feelings, however that 's only if I get a good night 's sleep. I have tried one Temazapam which works well but after the third day the build up in my system makes me feel very fatigued. 
I liked Ortho-tri-cyclen better, but Tri-Sprintec way worse! I experienced heavier and longer periods while on it and mood swings sometimes (could just be the norm for a 25 year old female though!). I switched to Tri-Sprintec and experienced extreme nausea, although the pharmacist insisted it was the exact same medications, just different manufacturers. I will be going back on Trinessa next month.
This pill was great for the first year, I lost weight, had no side effects and light periods. I then started having TERRIBLE problems with my stomach, similar to IBS-D. I have since done a lot of reading and found that many women have had this experience with Yasmin. I am switching to the vaginal ring this week and hope that my stomach problems will go away somewhat. I also have started suffering from migraines before and during my period break which I never had before.
I 've been diagnosed with generalized anxiety disorder and have been taking Paxil for about 3 months. When I first began the medication I completely lost my appetite. I dropped 10 pounds within the first 2 weeks without even trying. After about a month it leveled back out. However, even after 3 months I still don 't sleep well on it. It has also taken a toll on my sex drive. I 'm in the process of quitting Paxil to try something new. You do not want to quit this medication suddenly. You will experience terrible withdrawal symptoms. Even though I am quitting gradually they are still quite intense.
Works ok
Had my first colonoscopy and was given suprep.  I found it very easy to use and worked very quickly once taken.  I followed all directions to the letter.  I was surprised when the doctor post procedure said the he had to take extra time to clean.  I felt disappointed because it 's a lot of work to prep for this procedure and I was not happy with the end result.
I 've been taking this medicine since I was little (4-6 years old?) it helped for a few years but now suddenly the side effects have been hitting me hard for 2 years. I definitely don 't recommend this medicine for sleep as it is a high blood pressure medication. It makes my blood pressure extremely low, to the point my legs give out and I can 't help but fall to the floor. I get very pale, drowsy, lightheaded, weak and it 's not nice. It doesn 't really help me &quot;sleep&quot; anymore I wake up 2-3 hours later and sometimes I wake up more than once. And the pills always seem to be in my system, I experience side effects every day. I totally regret my mom putting me on this medicine.
Works great at getting rid of RLS, but causes rebound RLS after a few months of steady use.  Also doesn 't affect RLS brought on or worsened by extreme tiredness or dehydration.  Rebound RLS is worse than before, and instead of having it a few times a week, RLS is constant after about 8pm, and rebound starts up in the very early AM.  It works well, but I started to have issues after several months.
Day 5 of trial dosage. I 'm doing Weight Watchers too. I see no benefit in terms of appetite suppressant. I have not noticed it making food taste different. I do feel it helps a bit with cravings. It 's making me jittery, causing monster headaches and making my blood pressure spike. Not sure if it will be worth continuing. I 'll continue the trial if my doctor okays it and post again in the future.
I just started this pill and so far I 've noticed that I have been very moody and my period has become much heavier so far. The moodiness has really affected me and my boyfriend because I start fights over the dumbest things. I 'm going to give this a few months and if nothing changes I 'm going to have to switch.
I 've got severe PTSD, OCD and social anxiety.I started taking Zoloft to help manage my PTSD symptoms, mainly anger/rage, flashbacks and dissociation.I 'm a small male, I only weigh 125 lbs. I started at 25mg and then jumped to 100mg then 200mg within 2 months because this stuff 's like water for me. I 've been on 200mg for about 7 months now and it 's helped a lot although not enough. I still feel my symptoms when they hit me, although they 're slightly toned down.Btw I don 't feel like a zombie at all, I still feel like myself, just more calm. It feels as though I 'm not taking anything at all most of the time.I 've basically also never had any side effects except the first day or two I had a slight sore stomach but nothing close to bad.
Abilify has been useful to me in terms of sleep and improving my insomnia, but I still have to be treated with a mood stabilizer, like Lithium, in order to keep my bipolar episodes under control. The good news is that it did not cause (I was at 10MG daily) weight gain like Zyprexa. Good luck to all of you!
I got Nexplanon inserted on 4/4/14. I 've had it for a little over four months now &amp; have experienced minimal problems. However, I get migraine headaches that last the entire day, I 'm very moody/emotional, it made depression so much worse, the implant site hurts all the time, I bleed whenever I get aroused, and I hate having the rod inside me. Those are however somewhat manageable side effects, but because I 'm sure I could find something better I 'm getting it removed in 2 days.
Been on Chantix for 2 weeks now, get the nausea (but just now read to take with food) and vivid, fun dreams.  Other then that no other adverse side effects.  Been a smoker since I was 13 years old, now 46 and average pack-pack 1/2 day.  With Chantix down to about 1/2 pack per day.  But not a strong urge to quit, hopefully soon. 
I 've been on abilify for almost a month the only side effect I have is waking up in the middle of the night a few times I have actually lost 12 pounds I am eating good and drinking plenty of water so I 'm sure that helps I 'm also on Zoloft and topamax all in all it 's a much better drug than my previous geodon I would recommend it
Be careful when you take this! The first time I popped a blue pill, my tongue felt itchy and tingled. I thought nothing of it. Gradually, I had noticed that my reproductive organs were acting up, but I thought it would just go away. It got to the point where they were so sore, I couldn 't use tampons without being in constant pain. (Not to mention I had a strange clear discharge that would soak through the tampon leaking through my pants and staining the chair at work... That was fun. My gyno didn 't know what it was, which was comforting.) 3 months into it and with the mentality that everything would just go away with continued use, I broke into hives everywhere on my body: inside my ears, all over my tongue, everywhere you can think of.
It is too soon to give a full review but beware I tried this medication on my face and had intense stinging and burning to the point where I had to remove it. I tried to leave it on for 5-7 minutes to see if it would subside but I did not make it that long. I am not sure if it 's because my face was so dry / had broken skin. I am going to try it on other areas of my body and see what results I get. I am currently sitting with a towel and ice packs on my face so be careful with this ointment!
I was on Trinessa when I was 18 for about a year, and it worked fine for me. I then discontinued use of any form of birth control for for several years, but at 24, I decided to get back on the pill. I figured I would go back to Trinessa since it worked well before. I 've had a history of irritable bowel syndrome ever since I was a child, and finally got it under control at around age 21. The first time I was on this pill at 18, it didn 't affect my bowel habits. But something must have changed with the pill or with my body, because from the day I got on this pill last month, I 've been having irritable bowel flare-ups DAILY, literally unable to leave the bathroom for an hour.
Googled &quot;dextromethorphan &amp; diarrhea&quot; and it lead me here.  Is it helping my cough? I doubt it.   It 's hard to imagine things being worse in the constant coughing department but I guess the only way to know is to stop taking it (which I plan to do).  The bigger problem is the loose stool.  As someone who lives with constipation on a daily basis, this side effect was quite surprising.   I feel bad for any &quot;regular&quot; people out there as you must be truly suffering rather nasty outcomes from unintentionally taking a laxative.
I was prescribed Zoloft by my doctor to treat my depression/anxiety (small, 25mg dosage) and after about 4 days in I am experiencing all of the mild side effects including; insomnia, lack of appetite/motivation, foggy head, achiness and exhaustion. I 'm 19 and around 125lb, was just wondering if anyone experienced anything similar? *aka is this normal and does it get better*(Note- it is more of a grieving depression due to the death of a parent. I believe my DR. said I 'm going through some transition dilemma, so a low dosage is all I need)
This never really cleared me up.  It started to but only lasted two months.
Well I have blood pressure that is normally high, but sometimes normal.  I have only been on Hytrin for a few days.  The first day it made me very dizzy and fill very bad.  My blood pleasure went from an average of 160 's/90 's to 110 's/60 's.   I am only on 1 mg. I only have been taking a 1/2 a mg since the first day.
I 've read all these reviews and I completely disagree with them. My experience with Aviane has been nothing but negative.  I was on it for 2 months, I gained about 8lbs (and I 'm short, so that 's a ton of weight and a whole pant size), my mood swings were out of control, and my first period on it lasted for 8 days and my second is on day 6 right now.  If I wanted to have a period that lasted that long, I wouldn 't have started the pill to begin with. I 'm going back to Ortho Tri-Cyclen because I absolutely refuse to deal with the side effects.  I mean, granted, I haven 't had any cramps, but this weight gain and mood swings at the beginning of summer is a no go for me.
Been on saxenda for two weeks , no side effect and no weight loss. I have been exercising by walking 45-1 hour. Frustrated.
I 've been on Lyza for 3 weeks now, started it the first day of my last period. That period was completely normal, with no side effects at all. Then 2 weeks later I started getting breast tenderness like now I normally do before a period but it was too soon so I was confused, but then today my period came almost a week earlier than normal, and it seems heavier than how they usually are on the first day. I had no spotting otherwise (this time anyway), no other side effects other than my next period came almost a week early.
I was previously on Ortho Tri Cyclen Lo but had constant breakthrough bleeding so I decided to give a Monophasic pill a try.  Turns out the estrogen dosage was too low for me.   I experienced small breakthrough bleeding on the first month, but then terrible break through bleeding on my third month.   I had cramps and a full blown period for 2.5 weeks.  When I didn 't have break through bleeding this did shorten my period to about 4.5 to 5 days, and it was lighter.   This was great, because off the pill I had heavy periods that lasted 7 days.  Sex drive remained the same.  I gained about 5 lbs, but I 'm not sure that was the pill because I started it on my honeymoon and was eating a ton.  Acne was bad, and I have good skin. Trying 1.5/30 now
Still taking 2-3 naps during the day on it!
I just started using the patch yesterday and after sleeping I saw that the patch was starting to come off.  I had to put medical tape all around the patch to keep it on; but even the tape is folding up I am not sure that this patch will last longer than 2 days. I am afraid to take a shower because I think the thing is going to come right off.
I have gained so much weight in the 5 months I got it.  I have no desire for sex although I got the implant in as a form of birth control.  The purpose has been defeated.  I can 't have it taken out because I owe the doctor 's office some money.  I can hardly walk up the stairs without shortness of breath.
Started taking four months ago and boy has it been a ride. Although I have no cramping anymore and my periods are only three days max there 's lots of things I don 't like. First, mood swings are out of control. I get mad and cry over the craziest things.(never like that before) I always feel super bloated, headaches all the time, and I 'm always tired. Also I got super bad acne on my face never had any of these problems before the pill. It does its job though, haven 't got pregnant while having unprotected sex. So I guess you can take your chances since every body is different!
I first got on the Implanon because I am not good at remembering to take pills. I loved it at first and after 3 months my periods stopped! But I have been on it for 10 months now and have gained 50lbs so I am going tomorrow to have it removed. The weight gain is depressing. I have no other complaints other than the weight gain. The insertion was not painful and you don 't even realize you have it unless you touch it.
I have only been on it for 3 days now after being on Atripla for 7 months, I was switched because I also have Hep C and the treatment for that does not coincide with Atripla; These first few days have been kinda tough and go with stomach pain and nausea, I 'm putting up with it, my body getting used to the switch of meds and hope in a couple days those feelings go away. No problems with sleeping or anything else.  The cost is high but with copay card and insurance there is no out of pocket expense.
I was on Kariva for about 2 years straight (almost never ever missed a pill) after being on various other pills for 3 years before that. Kariva solved my cramp problem and I did not experience any nausea OR depression/mood swings like I had on other pills. I recently switched OFF of Kariva after missing a week of pills - I didn 't even realize until then how low my libido had been! My doctor just switched me to Microgestin Fe 1/20. Obviously, everyone 's bodies are different and will have different reactions, but I AM happy to be off Kariva.
Post update from 3 weeks ago, im now 4 weeks in on 30mg but have decided to taper off due to the weight gain and dizziness. I 'm now 203lbs after gaining another 8 pounds from increasing to 30mg from 15mg. In a total of 10 weeks from starting this medication from 7.5mg i gained 20 pounds and 3 inches on my waist. The side effects unfortunately out weigh the benefits. This medication just makes you want to eat anything in sight. I feel like a fat blob where 10 weeks ago i was somewhat fit. I can 't control the carb and sugar cravings. Onto the next med i guess!
I 've been taking YAZ for about 5 months and lately I 've been having headaches. I don 't know if these are tension headaches or if the pill is one of the causes. Also, I skipped a day in week 3 and I spotted for 2 weeks up until my cycle.
I started on 10mg for 7 days and was feeling less reactive and calm. Started 20mg and 3 days in was spiraling into deep depression, agitation, irritability, crying, not sleeping more than 2 hours at a time, shock like sensations down my right arm with my middle finger going completely numb, and headaches in back of head . I already have IBS so I expected GI distress. Nausea for 3 days along with severe diarrhea for about 2 weeks. Diarrhea is intermittent now. I am waiting to hear from my doc about reducing dose to 10mg again. I think that might be my ticket. Good luck to all!!
I have neuropathy and fibromyalgia and have been taking this medicine for over 2 years along with other pain medicines. Over time, it seems as if it does not work as well as it did when I was first prescribed, but it allows me to function and maintain some sense of normalcy.
I took this pill a few years  ago at the age of 24 for about a year and at the time it was great! Acne cleared up, no cramps or weight gain, no effect on sex-drive and didn 't get pregnant. I stopped taking it when my relationship broke down.Fast forward to age 29 and due to upcoming wedding decided to take it again to try and get my skin clear... been back on it for 9 months now and struggling with it. Acne doesn 't seem to have improved, sex-drive gone completely and feel nauseous constantly (except pill-free weeks... I actually look forward to my period these days as it 's the only time I can actually enjoy food). I have 1 monthtil our wedding and going to change after that
I 'm going to start with the inactive pills tomorrow. I must say that the first week I used Aviane, my face and shoulders broke out terribly. But by the time I reached the middle of 2nd week, the breakouts started to calm down. I still do have pimples right now and discoloration from the breakout it gave me, but my skin is getting better. I noticed that my shoulders aren 't breaking out anymore. I 'm experiencing a loss of appetite so I think that 's whats making me lose weight. Also, I tend to have &quot;gag moments&quot;. I know it 's kind of weird. I think my boobs got a little big too. I guess my body is still adjusting to the hormones I 'm putting in so I 'm just going to be patient about it.
I have been taking LoSeasonique for 6 1/2 weeks, thought I was going to really like it but started my period 7 days ago with cramps and all and it is still going on, I have a call in to my doctor just waiting for a phone call. I am seriously thinking about giving it up as it was only to alleviate PMS symptoms as I am done having kids and my periods before were only 3 days so would rather have 3 days with severe cramps then non-stop spotting or period as I would call it. Oh and I have also gained weight from it, not much but it has only been 6 weeks.
I had Nexplanon put in early last September. For the first few months everything was great: no bleeding at all. Around December I began to experience some truly terrible side effects. I began to bleed constantly and my sex drive basically disappeared. I gained ten pounds that I can 't seem to shake; despite GAINING weight, my breasts have SHRUNK over a cup size. Needless to say my self confidence markedly decreased. By late April, I had enough and got the implant removed. My hormone levels still don 't seem to have returned to normal yet.I personally know many people who had great experiences, but Nexplanon was HORRIBLE for me.
Peripheral Neuropathy : Used Lanacane on area of leg and several toes during the day for relief overand above four pain medications I take.In spring of 2012 I developed a low red blood count (5) and needed transfusion.After many tests  including bone biopsy was diagnosed with MDS and setup for Procrit . I had 1 injection and started  researching my disease  &amp; quicklydiscovered info on benzocaine. I stopped using immediately &amp; have hadnormal tests since then.  I lay no blame on anyone but myself because thiscream is meant for temporary use only and I used it for probably 5 or 6 yrs.Thank you for your interest. I am a 74 yr female.
I had been on Celexa from 2002 to 2014, 20 mg a day.My doctor told me about Brintellix (now Trintellix) and I switched to it about 2 and half years ago.Since I am also on Wellbutrin, I only needed 5 mg of Trintellix a day.Can 't say that it makes me feel perfect, but it helped with my depression and anxiety disorder.Today is the first day that I have not been on Trintellix, but still on Wellbutrin and I am feeling about as even keel as I have in a while, not experiencing anxiety or depression at all.I 'll see how it goes in the next few days, but if I keep on feeling like this, I will stay just on the Wellbutrin and not go back to Trintellix.
First cycle on these and I 've been having breakthrough bleeding for 2 months now. In one week I will go on spacers, not sure if i want to continue, its so frustrating. I did have headaches when I just started cycle, but those went away after 3 days. Breast tenderness lasted the entire time.
I just got the Skyla inserted on 6/3/16. First time on birth control! the process itself took about 10 minutes. It hurt a little bit and I felt slight cramping after the insertion but nothing too crazy. I 've been spotting ever since though. And just recently I 've experienced some intense cramps so I take ibuprofen 2 times a day and it 's been helping a lot. So far so good. I recommend it to anyone :)
I used Prevacid for 8 weeks for a new symptomatic phase of GERD. Worked when I was taking 2 pills a day. When I cut down to 1 pill a day, some symptoms of GERD came back. 
I tried this medication twice. The first time I started at 164 and lost to 157 and then stopped; however, it helped me maintain the 157. I am 5 '2&quot; at 59y. The first three days had severe headache, but then like magic it went away. My insurance wouldn 't pay for the medication after 9 months because I didn 't lose any more weight. I then tried again about 6 months later, my doctor recommended again, and I started at 167 and lost to 163 and stopped losing. I also this time began to feel very tired and depressed and realized after about three weeks that suicidial and depression are side effects so I had to stop taking it. Now I am at 176 my scales, on doctors I am 180 and this is all in approximately 18 months.
I had my illegal IUD inserted about 2 weeks ago so far, and I am not as happy with it as I had hoped, but it 's still very early on. The insertion was a breeze compared to how the last two weeks have been. I have has severe pressure/cramping/soreness and even sharp pinching pain in my ovary area to the point I couldn 't sleep on my stomach. Then when I had intercourse for the first time since having it inserted everything was fine until we were in a certain position and I let you the most blood curtailing scream, I have no idea what happened with the IUD but I 'm 100 percent sure he must have put pressure on it in a certain way it pinched inside of me so bad i have to say it ruined the moment.ive have light spotting ever since the insertion.
Probably worst experience of my life. I did like the convenience of the implant being in my arm and not having to remember to take a pill or have something up my vagina. However, nexplanon was NOT for me. I went through terrible mood swings (from being happy one moment to coming close to crying for no reason a few minutes later). My period was pretty much non-existent, which was something I was looking for in a birth control. But, I gained so much weight (accumulating nearly 30 lbs). No matter what I did to lose weight- which I did through working out at least an hour six days a week and cutting my caloric intake to less 1,200 a day- it still did not work. I am getting it removed tomorrow so I 'm hoping I will be back to myself soon!
I have been on Endep for 35 years. I have fibromyalgia, chronic fatigue syndrome and plenty more. In the last six months I have been getting very odd  symptoms such as the ones provided within this article!( sudden weight gain, inability to eat properly, tiredness, rounded face,weakness, sore mouth and tongue, to slight more depression, At the moment I am on a doctor treadmill ...everyone from my endocrinologist to a neurologist, GP and many more have put their hands up saying I don 't know!! The medicines work really well for fibromyalgia but after some time they can work against you! Please look at the list of side effects. I have a lot of them. Good luck!
Update: I went to my Dr. on Monday morning I was down 8 lbs. woohoo, and my Dr. said I was doing great! By the time my husband and I hit Hawaii I should be down 50 lbs! Now that is exciting! I 'm losing about 2 - 2.5 lbs. a week. This is good, very good. I already notice a difference in me even if no one else can. Very excited!
I 'd been using Ortho Tri-Cyclen Lo for about 6 years, but today I switched to a generic brand. I can only say negative about this - migraines, weight gain and tiredness. Not to mention the price. My insurance did not cover it so it cost about $50 a month. Hopefully my new pills will work out better for me.
Feeling hyperactive like I can 't walk fast enough, having to wait on a thought to process, always wanting sweet, salt and crunchy food.  Med after 7p keeps me awake at least 4 hr although I feel tired. Only been on for 1 month for new sarcoidosis   Breathing much better!  Chest tightness better! Energy level better !
One. Just started for the first time yesterday my first day and woke up this morning feeling nauseous and major headache !!!!! I hope it goes away because this ain 't cool :((
Dr thought I had strep just by looking at my throat and felt like I was swallowing glass, so I got 500mg amoxicillin 3x/day. Within 24hrs I could swallow again and fever went away. However, I am now on day 5 of this medication and have pretty bad nausea, a raging yeast infection and frequent loose stools, and the abdominal cramps are pretty bad. If you 're on this, start taking a probiotic or yogurt immediately! I 'm not playing around!
At first the burning was intense ( from using the pills) it later decreased. After day 7 , I had the worst case of bacterial vaginosis. I have stopped using the 10 mcg inserts.
It took over 12 hours to produce the desired effect but it was effective and gentle.
History: 44, no kids, no pregnancies. Mirena place five months ago.Recommendation: Ask for anesthetic. This made the insertion painless. Note, you may get a bit dizzy for 5 minutes. Symptoms: Gained 8lbs in the first week despite my regular cycling and running. Low libido for the first two months now okay. Period only for the first month and now ghost periods consisting of bloating. Recently my breast have been over the top swollen and tender, making it annoying to run (8wks now).   My boyfriend says he noted a increase in moodiness. I 've rarely had problems with anxiety but now I feel a low grade feeling of being overwhelmed and anxious.    
I was switched to Effexor XR after 2 years of Paxil. It worked wonderful for about 3 years. I was on 75mg and started to have uncontrollable movement with my one arm. Talked to my doctor who said it was not the medicine. Well after another year I was having the problem in my legs and both arms and could no longer sit or walk without frequent jerking. My doctor finally realized that it was a rare side effect of the medication from long term use and switched me to another. I still have the jerking at least 2 to 3 times a week. If you notice this problem at all you need to talk to your doctor immediately.
This drug no longer works for me because of a job loss. I have gone down hill ever since I lost my job in early September 2009.
This medicine was useful at first then your body adjusts and you need more to make it work. Well they gave me more and I was also taking Prozac for anxiety, and Trazadone to help with sleeping. Turns this combination of antidepressantss and Tramadol can cause serious drug interactions, so if you feel that something is just not right speak to your doctor as I did.  It saved my life.
I had Implanon inserted in November 2008 after being on the Depo shot for 9 years. For the first 5 months I had no signs of bleeding or any other side effects. One day I started spotting and haven 't stopped since. Some days it is super light, some days it is like a regular period. Thinking of having it removed because I don 't know if I can keep this up for the 6-8 months others have mentioned. Otherwise, it has been great.
Been taking sprintec for 7 month. It does it 's job, prevent pregnancy and shorten heavy periods. That 's it. Switching to Iud. I DON 'T recommend this at all. My anxiety is so bad it 's tearing apart my relationship. I cry over small things. Anxiety attacks constantly. I can 't sleep, low libido sometimes. Frequent night terrors, feeling hungry constantly sometimes or no appetite at all. Your hormones feel so out of wack on this. The only time I feel normal honestly is during my period when I don 't even take the pills.
I had a very painful reconstructed dental root canal.  This medication did very little for my pain.  Advil was more effective.
Today marks the first day of my 3rd week - 2 in AM, 1 PM. My appetite has yet to be affected by the medication. I still have massive hunger cravings in the afternoons the same as I always have. I am also trying to stick with Weight Watchers and with that prior to this medicine, I lost 6 lbs. I have yet to lose anything in the last 2 weeks. I don 't work out right now. The first two days I experienced headaches - as with most new medications. I also take Metformin in the morning for my PCOS. Only slight nausea at certain times in the afternoon before I take my next dose. Other than that, I was on Belviq for 3 weeks before this and same thing, no results. Hopefully after I am on the full dosage, something will start to change.
I just started .75 mg. Lyrica two nights ago.  Helped me sleep and not annoyed by RLS or diabetic nerve annoyance (not pain).  Also, have had issues with back pain and it seems to be helping after such a short time.
Having to urinate quite frequently, versus when taking Invokana,  and when it 's time - it 's really time! Also have gained weight...
Turned my life around 180*. I am 22 years old and I am shocked at which age kids get that stuff.Makes me wonder if parents actually look into this drug. I just cant understand how this could be good for a kid. Its a mix of speed and cocaine, seriously. Try it yourself before giving this to your kids. I can 't stress this enough
Before taking  I was going through hell trying to soothe the symptoms , I 've only had 2 yeast infections in my entire life tea tree oil soothed me very well when I inserted the monistat I went to bed shortly afterward , the next day was hell . It started to come out I was swollen irritated and it was still burning . This entire time after inserting it said to wear a pad which helped very much with the swelling the next day I woke up no swelling no itch no burning when urination it was gone . However my outer vaginial lips are a little scanned from rubbing TRY YOUR BEST NOT TO CAUSE MORE IRRATATION If your desperate and want it gone this is the product
I had the implaonon for almost three years, for the first year I didn 't get my period, the second year I started having regular periods but starting the third year my periods would last a month! On top of that I gained 10 lbs and no matter what I would do, I could not loose any weight! I lost 4 lbs a week after I had to removed, I do not recommend it.
While this medicine seems to work well, it does have side effects. For me it is very easy bruising. I also had two cases of a broken blood vessels. The really scary part, however, is trying to stop. Do not go cold turkey.  I am now trying to ease off and am having anxiety attacks for hours.
I started this pill in February. Prior to that (not on any bc) I had really painful cramps during my periods and I was just sick of dealing with it. My plan was to take this and skip the sugar pills. On Junel I 've had my period for 40 out of the 92 days I 've taken it. Granted, I barely have cramps but this is the pits. I 'm calling my doctor and maybe switching to the Depo shot or something. I 'd read other reviews on here and wanted to give it time but it hasn 't worked itself out. I 'm good at taking it at the same time every day (and as I said, I skip the brown pills). On the other hand I 've not had any mood swings on Junel. But that was never a problem for me anyway. I did have some daily nausea on the first pack. No effect on my acne.
Acute migraine sumatriptan &amp; lyrica not helping after yrs of use. Zomig 5mg spray given . Frequent urination pressure on bladder constant (so unable to go out) Blood in urine? To Question with dr yet. Very heavy fatigue just random fall asleep .rapid heart beat Diffulty swallowing hurt . Bit of sore throat further dwn throat. Short lived chest pain traveled to chest bone left side when bedtime? Speech , foggy head , thinking worsened. Dizziness (was already experiencing) Still woke during night with bad head (so cannot use) But these are manageable because better than the migraine. Could it be possible to spray 1st dose and take 2nd evening hour or 2 before bed instead of 2hrs after the initial.Terrible after taste .
The medication worked well to prevent migraines. However after one month of use I developed joint pain/swelling and a rash. It was determined I had drug induced lupus and the medication was discontinued.
There are only a few temporary pain medications that are better than this, and this should be highly considered upon initial severe pain relief until a more permanent solution can be sought after.
I have had a BIT for 2 years now, and although I can 't tell a difference sometimes, I would hate to turn it off.  It is much better than oral baclofen, because of the side effects.  I was on 60mg/day oral and I couldn 't take any more because of fatique.  I am currently on 512mcg/day and feel no side effects.
After going through my third manic episode I was prescribed 6mg of resperidal which immediately made me feel like an absolute zombie. I couldn 't think clearly, was extremely tired all of the time l, and was unhappy. Through the course of about 4 months my dosage is now 1 mg and I don 't feel the severe side effects. Good medicine in controlling the mania but in high dosages will make you feel like a zombie
A short time after having started on Ernesto 50 mg I ' noticed a reduction in my vision. Eye surgeons weren 't quite sure what it was except that they saw an inflammation on my sight nerve. They guessed at temporal arthritis and put me on cortisone. But even now, several months later I feel a faint flare-up of the same feeling on my sight nerve. Could this be connected to the blurred vision as listed as one of the most important side effects, you think?
I had Mirena fitted 4 weeks ago and immediately I started with rashes and itching, first on my neck, then face, then arms. I 've been prescribed steroid creams and 3 x antihistamines a day (normal dose 1 a day). It has now settled down on my face but still lingering a bit on my neck and arms. I also think I 've gained a few pounds, I normally don 't fluctuate at all. My GP has agreed to remove it this week if I choose. Just not sure whether to give it a bit longer to see.
I 'm 13 and acne has always been a problem for me, I 've been bullied and felt self conscious for years, I tried everything from duac to pills but nothing has worked, but then I tried epiduo, I have really seen an improvement on my spots and I feel almost happy with myself. The only problem there is which doesn 't make this product a 10 would be how dry it makes your skin feel, yes it takes the oil off but it makes your face feel so dry almost stiff, also if you get it too close under your eyes it burns like a sunburn which isn 't good. Overall I recommend this product!
My arm was sore for 3-4 months after I got it.  Whenever I tried to carry my wallet against my arm it hurt.  Anything rubbing/touching my arm hurt for months.  I would not recommend this.  I just got mine taken out after using it 1 yr &amp; 2 months.  This pain will just teach you to suck it up and remember to take your pill each day.  Normally I don 't get periods on any kind of birth control but with this one I got my period every 2 weeks for about 4 months.  With this med you do retain water, so you are going to gain weight and I felt hungry all the time. Just doesn 't make sense to get cut, put a hole and your arm for birth control.  I have also tried an IUD before this one, no foreign objects should be used in your body.  Don 't do it.
I have only been on Prozac for 2 days, I haven 't had any irritable moments like I normally do but that could just be normal for me.  I am anxious about the side effects, and anxious to know if this is going to help me.  I am 30 years old and have suffered from OCD, and anxiety for years.  I have never taken anything for it, I just thought it was something I could control on my own, but came to the realization that I can 't control everything.  Now I am just waiting to see what happens and if this wonder drug will work for me.
I got liletta inserted January 11 it 's now January 17th and everything is fine , the only thing I 've noticed is I 'm starting to break out on my face which is not like me, the insertion itself was not bad I 've never had kids or anything the only part that really hurt was the measuring of the cervix a 8/10 pain but it was only for 2 seconds, other than that I got up right away and went right back to work afterwards cramps weren 't any worse than usual and were only for a day or two and a little bit of back pain. Read that side effects kick in after a week or two so I 'll keep you guys posted !
I have dizziness, and lightheaded most of the time. On the other hand, my blood sugar is significantly lowered by about 90%. I still have work to do.
I began taking Aubra five months ago. For the first three weeks, I suffered from constant nausea, severe headaches, shortness of breath,  IBS like symptoms, emotional instability, and I felt extremely lethargic. After those three weeks, those symptoms disappeared. However, now five months in, I have absolutely no sex drive, my last period lasted 13 days, and I have been in a depressed-like rut for about two months. On the bright side, my boobs got bigger, I have not gained any weight, and my acne has decreased. Since these symptoms are much better than the alternative, (getting pregnant) I have decided to continue taking the pill.  Once my prescription expires, though, I believe I will be switching to another brand.
I 've been taking Pristiq for 3 months. It was working fine. I had to go to 100mg but now it 's getting worse.
I was placed on Topamax (aka Topiramate) several years ago for Migraines. For the most part (during that time), it seems to have worked with minimal adverse effects like slight tingling. In late 2016 while I was asleep, I experienced the most awful leg pain (as if my thigh muscle did a flip flop or wanted to rip out of my leg).  After various conversative methods which included Vitamin D 5000mg, it was suggested that I cease the Topiramate as a process of eliminating things. It has been 5 days since being off of the medication and the numbness/tingling in that single quadrant of my thigh went away. Now, I have migraine headaches that are coming back.
Took this drug for 3 days.The infection got better after 2 doses. However, I slowly developed headaches and a little chills on the 2nd day of treatment. Thought I might be getting a bit of flu so I ignored the symptoms and continue my medication. As soon as I took the last dose, my symptoms got worst.  I was so weak I could hardly walk. My eyes got blurry and generally nauseous and drowsy. As I type this, I still have all this symptoms with raised heart beat, occasional numbness of  my hands and feet. All I want is to sleep but too scared to sleep just in case it got worst. Nonetheless, the medicine does the job as it cleared my infection after two days of taking it but it gave me a bad experience  so am not taking this drug again.
I 've been taking 10mgs for two weeks now, the panic attacks are crazy getting them as soon as I wake up and twice as bad. Now my Dr upped me to 20mgs I went through hell when I started now I 'm going through it all over again. With my brain feeling like it 's jelly feeling like I 'm going crazy and shaking so bad. I freaked out and called the hospital as they told me don 't quit it 's just side affects and stick it out. But thinking I 'm just going to stick to the 10mgs and hope the panic attacks will go away but with the higher dose I feel a panic attack starting and it goes away as soon as I feel it started
I take quitaipine 300 mg every night. I have been suffering with painful legs caused by quitaipine so take  Procyclidine to stop the pain  and I take 600 mg of pregablin. I take 100 mg of sertraline. I have also been waking up choking and not being able to breathe. The Dr told me to take some gaviscon it has worked. I still have problems sleeping  depends if I 'm not in the right frame of mind but when I do I wake up feeling great.
I have been on Orsythia for two years now, and after reading these reviews I am making some connections.  I have definitely had very light periods since switching to Orsythia (sometimes to the point of wondering whether I was missing a period!) with no cramping at all.  I 've never had issues with cramping, though.  However, I have had little to no sex drive, some weight gain, and general moodiness here and there. All within the last year and a half  I never thought to relate any of it to my contraceptive and plan to discuss with my doctor at my upcoming appointment.
I started this drug about two weeks ago. I was having a sudden intense depression. I had been taking Wellbutrin 300 mg and Paxil 20 mg. My psych suggested raising me up to 40 mg on Paxil but I didn 't like the sexual side effects. So he suggested switching to Viibryd. He gave me a starter pack to use transition. I haven 't had any of the mentioned side effects until the last 3 nights. My sleep has been very poor. Hard to fall asleep and waking up during the night. Even with a small dose of Ativan on two of the nights. I am set to go up to 40 mg today but I might stay on 20 mg until I can talk with him on Monday. Overall my mood has been better (until this morning. Not sleeping gets me fearful of another depressive episode).
I am 18 years old and I started this birth control almost a year ago. I was on a higher dosage bc but switched to this one because I was getting bad side effects with the other. Although I didn 't get pregnant, I wasn 't completely satisfied. It did clear up the acne I had before I started using this bc. But I do have a way lower sex drive, I hardly want to have sex anymore. Not only that, I haven 't had a period in the last 5 months I have been on this birth control. I had consistent periods at the beginning, for 3 days and lighter bleeding than I had before. But lately I have had spotting during any week of the month instead of during my off week. I also cant take other medication, it causes spotting if I do.
I was prescribed Macrobid in a third world country by an urgent care doctor.  So I 'm not sure if or how it might differ from the US formulation.  I experienced absolutely no negative side effects.  Not even fatigue.  However, the pain and discomfort from the UTI returns right around the time I need to take my next pill (2x daily for 7 days).  After I take the pill, the pain goes away.  But after finishing all of my prescribed Macrobid, I still have some discomfort so I feel as though it did not clear up the infection.
I truly wanted to love Vyvanse. I have struggled with securing a stimulant prescription ever since I was diagnosed with inattentive type ADHD. I 've read everything out there on Vyvanse and was so excited when my new doctor prescribed it for me. Also, I 'm so used to waiting for drugs to start working (SSRIs mainly) that I kept waiting to write this review. What it 's come down to is this: I really just don 't know if Vyvanse works for me. I haven 't noticed any significant changes at all. The things I have noticed are small and very possibly coincidental. I am currently taking 20mg, which I know is a relatively low dose, so I tried taking 40mg one day and felt like I wanted to die (nausea, anxiety, etc).
Very powerful med. Doc prescribed for my sinus infection.  Major dizziness within half hour of taking the meds. It stays for about 5 hours. Congestion does clear up really fast. However I took it at night for the first dose and could not sleep the whole night. The 2nd day till today (5th), I took them after lunch and rested. The dizziness is overpowering. I literally can 't function but I can sleep at night 2nd day onwards tho it takes slightly longer than usual to doze off. Happy today is my last day and I will probably never want to take this again if I can help it.
This medicine is good if you can get pass the side effects. I was sick, dizzy, felt like throwing up, felt like I was on a ship moving fast, or like car sickness. I went to see a dentist and he told me how best to take the medicine. Take Dramamine 30 minutes before, make sure to lay down, don 't get in the car and do not watch TV. Everything he told me was right.
My Asthma and Allergist, prescribed this for me when continued use of Flonase was giving me nose bleeds. I took it the next day and never have again. I could not get the taste out of my mouth for half an hour no matter I ate or drank to get it to go away. I have a bad cold right now and the Flonase isn 't doing very well, I 'm considering trying the Astelin again but I don 't know if the taste is worth it.
The insertion of the iud was painful.  Afterward I experienced cramping &amp; spotting for 2 days.  About a week later I experienced acne.  Luckily I have teens and I use their acne gel.  A few weeks later my right foot and ankle was swollen.  I used ice, elevate my foot and when that didn 't work I went to the Doctor.  The X-ray didn 't show anything wrong.  My ankle hurt in I small area and it was difficult to walk without limping.  I began reading reviews about iud side effects and sure enough a swollen ankle is a side effect.  I had to purchase an ankle wrap to ease the pain.  I had the iud inserted 3/15 for irregular bleeding due to peri menopause.  I 'm going to Try to keep it as long as I can hoping the swelling will completely go away soon
I have only been taking this for about a week and have been experiencing very severe stomach pains and diarrhea. However I think it could just be cleaning out my system? Still, vitamins are about the only weight loss option I have as it is the only one that truly works. I have been far less munchy so I think this is good.
I was blown up in Iraq in May of 2008. I have lost all my bones inside my hand along with 2 inches of my femur. I have more than 17 screws running up and down my left leg. Majority of my nerves are severed throughout my leg and left arm. From my experience with Ms-Contin, it was great but slowly diminished. I was taking 60 mg twice a day. After a few months it lost its effectiveness. My doctor decided to go with Oxycontin and morphine instant release. 100mg of Oxycontin and 60mg of morphine sulfate immediate release. I was told you should switch every 3 months so you don 't build tolerance.
This drug has a myriad of side effects mostly headache, lethargy and insomnia
I have been using Imitrex 5mg injections for several years as an emergency migraine  abortive. While it did instantly relieve the head pain and nausea, I had to then wait out 30-45 minutes of side effects. Those side effects were: upper jaw pain, and overall body aches (like when you have the flu) such as super sensitive skin, even my hair hurt. But for a long time this was the only option available to me through insurance, and the side effects were more bearable than the migraine. But recently the injection stopped working, and I ended up having to go to the ER. Now I have been given Zomig nasal spray. I have not had a reason to try it yet, but am worried about side effects.
I started using this the first day of my period . it seem to work good. But then it started getting sticky around by the 4 day it completely fell off in the shower and I had to put a new one. The part where the patch use to be was extremely itchy and there was a rash/bumps (no I did not shave my butt) or spot where I placed the patch. This time I placed the patch in the front and its extremely itchy . no mood swings no headaches no cramps shorter periods I love it but it doesnt stick good and it itches. He came inside me hopefully it worked and I didn 't get pregnant have to wait and see. I have previously tried the pill and I broke out like crazy and sex drive went down and I was really moody.
Started using this less than a week ago.  I 've done test inj in the past and worked out and got dramatic results.  Now that I 'm older (48), my test is low, 208, my Dr prescribed Androgel, but insurance only covers Testim.  Personally, I think it smells like Lysol.  I am feeling better but hate the application process and the stickiness off my skin afterward.  If my levels don 't bump up on my next round of blood tests, I 'm going to go to a urologist and see about getting the pellets put in.
I just started taking Terbinafine and its been almost a week. I was wondering if using Tea Tree oil will affect me while taking the pills? Any help please?
This drug is very effective but also very expensive.
At first I thought this was the best thing ever. For the first year and a half I had rare spotting but I gained about 15 pounds. I attributed my weight gain to my diet, but after the year and a half the bleeding became more frequent and I changed my diet and exercised. I 'm having it taken out early (about 6 months) because I am experiencing almost constant bleeding. It 's unbearable. I have gained nearly 35 pounds in two and a half years and it 's impossible to lose weight. I just keep gaining and spotting all the time. Everybody is different, but I would caution anyone planning on getting this form of birth control.
I just had a gigantic ventral hernia repair with mesh. Surgery alone took three hours. Twelve holes. Also liver biopsy. Taking 100mg as needed. Cant walk, stand, move without severe pain. I am frustrated and sick of being bedridden. 
Have only been on Sovaldi (and Ribavirin) for three days now, so only have side-effects to report on so far. Sovaldi seems to be causing the following: shortness of breath, acid reflux, diarrhea, and a horrible itchiness around my mouth and lips. All but the itchiness are tolerable--the itchiness is preventing me from eating or drinking much liquid, and I hate it.But I remain hopeful that this combo will cure the Hep C I have had for about 43 years now!
I 've been taking Pristiq for 2 full months now.  It helps me get up and out of the house and I don 't feel as hopeless.  People aren 't getting on my nerves as much either. Continuing side effects for me are sleepiness, headaches and a rise in blood pressure.  I 'm seeing my doctor to taper off as the side effects are too much.In the first few weeks I noticed a dramatic loss of appetite which has unfortunately gone away.  I have some weight to lose.  For a while there I was eating like a &quot;normal&quot; person, which was really nice.I 've been on everything, most recently Prozac and Cymbalta.  Just don 't know if there 's anything left to try.
As far as not getting pregnant this thing works great! I 've experienced some really annoying side effects too. First off I have no ryme or reason to my cycle and when I have it it 's SOOO long. I 've &quot;spotted&quot; for 2mos straight before. Also I have little to no sex drive. Guess that makes it easier not to get pregnant!
I 've had Nexplanon for almost a year now and I have to say, it seems like I have experienced every side effect there is! Hair loss, yeast infection, frequent discharges, and especially weight gain! No I 'm not fat but I have gained some weight. I believe that this is good birth control because you don 't have to worry about remembering to take a pill everyday or getting the shot but it has it 's ups and down. My sex drive totally left the building and mood swings are crazy. My boyfriend hates it but I need it!
I was prescribed 50 mg Tramadol 3 to 4 times per day for the pain associated with Fibromyalgia. I was pleased with the relief I got. One year later and I am now addicted to it. In my opinion, this medicine should be for short term use only, not for chronic pain.
Im 18 and this is the first medication I 've been on. I 've been taking it for around 2 and a half months. I find has had helped me massively however I get so tired its unbearable I also get mild headaches a lot. I find this medication has been  a life saver, I can now actually reply when people speak to me.
I started on 25 mcg of Synthroid two weeks ago and it has made me short tempered.  The effect is subtle, but its there.
I started taking Phentermine on 10/2, took 1/2 pill for three days and have since been taking full tablet.  I have a history of high BP, but have not noticed much change in that. Had initial body fat level of 33. So far have lost 3-4 lbs. Side effects are dry mouth, a little nausea, but most irritating and concerning to me is the extreme sweating. I easily get drenched with sweat, with the slightest amount of exertion. Tomorrow I 'm going back to 1/2 tablet and see if that helps. Is anyone else having this side effect and how do you handle it? Thanks in advance.
Okay great so I 'm not pregnant, but wow my head is pounding and my stomach is all over the place. I have never experienced cramps this horrible. This sucks but I guess it 's better than a baby.
LOVE the way this medicine work.  We could just leave it on a little longer to get through homework time!  BUT the irritation was just too much for her skin.  She had raised whelps/sores for several weeks after discontinuing the meds.
I have been on Tysabri since Jan 2015. Every month, about 7 days before my next infusion, my body is completely ravished with joint pain, pain &amp; fatigue in my arms and legs. I have a cob web feeling in my left shoulder blade and my hands remain numb. I have been forced to go to the ER because the pain was intolerable. A few times I made it to my infusion but couldn 't walk and the pain was so great they had to give me Dilaudid before my infusion. It usually takes 3  days after the infusion for the pain to subside . Every single month I spend 10 days in hell, but I am blessed to get 20 days of normal life. The FDA needs to understand that this drug does not last 28 days, this should be a 21 day cycle, otherwise people suffer with this drug.
Y 'ALL. This is only my 5th day on Epiduo Forte, so I don 't have much insight on the medicine 's effectiveness... BUT I have the cure for the burning sensation the product leaves!I got off work tonight &amp; immediately washed my face. I use a Clearasil scrub daily, and that irritated my skin horribly! I then applied the Epiduo &amp; my skin began to burn! I do not have sensitive skin whatsoever so I was unsure what to do. My initial thought was to apply moisturizer, which made it worse! I figured I 'd let the pain pass... it didn 't!After an hour it finally hit me- VITAMIN E! I use this under my eyes to prevent wrinkles and thought it might help. I specifically used Sundown Vitamin E Oil, and just applied a thin layer to my face. It worked wonders!
I started taking Viibryd ramping up to 40 mg. I did well for a while and was feeling good. However, I started experiencing tingling in my feet. It steadily got worse. I finally went to a neurologist for my feet problem. He told me to stop the Viibryd.
I have been on Pristiq for about a year now, I have depression, and rage disorder, I have been a lot better but recently I am starting to feel as though I just don 't care to go on. I am not sure if I am developing a tolerance to the drug but I am starting to worry about getting the blues completely back. I had an episode recently where I went straight to rage, no being upset or mad, just straight to aggression. I yelled and screamed but did not hurt anyone. I have not felt like this since before Pristiq. I am only posting this to warn of what may be down the road for some. I have an appointment with my doctor to see what is next. Just when I thought this was over.
I had the implant placed in my arm in June of 2015. In the beggining everything was great. My skin cleared up and I had no periods at all, which is great. After 3-4 months I began gaining weight. I started putting on 4 lbs here and there every month. I 've gained 20 lbs in a about a year and half. I also feel that I 'm always moody and anxious. I 've never suffered fromAnxiety until I got this implant. Could it be all the weight gain? Maybe but I 've finally decided to take the next step and have it removed. Besides the weight gain, anxiety, depression and moodiness this implant has prevented me from conceiving which is great! But the side effects are not worth it for me anymore. I will be getting it out December, 2 2016! And taking the pill!
I 'm a 46yr old female with cystic/hormonal acne. My dermatologist just prescribed this medication to me a few days ago, along with Retin A and Solodyne (oral antibiotic). The Aczone leaves my skin very white and dry in the areas I put it on. My whole chin area, jaw area is like walking around with white chalk on my face. I do use moisturizer over it, but it still returns when the moisturizer dries. The cystic bumps appears to gotten smaller rather quickly which is what I like about it. I just don 't like the dry white flakiness it leaves behind. Maybe I 'll switch to only at night and see what happens.
I had mirena put in about 8 months ago.  So far it works as far as preventing pregnancy. I have 2 kids.  But I bleed every time I have sex and it becomes painful at times to have sex. I spot all the time to and cramp on and off. Don 't really like how it makes me feel. But it 's the best birth control I 've found so far.
I am 23 years old, I had Skyla inserted yesterday (1/12/16) after being on birth control pills since I was 15 with medical conditions I had to change and Skyla per my doctor was the best fit for me. Insertion took all of 3 minutes, but it was painful. The worst part for me personally was when my doctor measured my cervix which the doctor said my cervix was extremely tight. I took 4 200mg Ibuprofen beforehand and this did not help. Once measuring was complete and I was ready the insertion took all of 20 seconds and I barely felt it at all. After completion I had to lay there for at least 10 minutes from the extreme cramps I got afterwards. Once home the cramps did not let up at all. Feeling much better today (1/13) Will follow up.
So I just got my first depo shot today, November 13 2015. Reading everyone 's experiences &amp; starting to freak out a little. Hope I have an excellent one. Only thing bothering me is the injection spot is sore. Thats normal but I will definitely be posting updates. =) so far so good.
I started the mirena in Jan 2016. Now August.  Still spotting or bleeding 20 days a month although the bleeding is light, still annoying that I bleed so long. Libido absent.  Debating taking it out and getting the ablation.
My vagina was just burning before and itchy... but god it felt like a fire breathing dragon was trying to set the village on fire once I inserted the monistat. I stuck through it and about 8 hours later I felt a hell of a lot better because the burining I had before had been burnt away by the fire breathing dragon.... but with in 24 hours I was good to go. DO NOT recommend being active at all the first 6-8 hours after inserting because it will leave a big mess in the undies
I have been using step one of the patch for 4 weeks out of both boxes I have lost 3 patches that didn 't stay in place after placement. I followed the instructions however they still came off. These are not cheap and being on a fixed income it frustrates me especially when you can not inform the very company that produces the product. Other then that they have been effective.
I 'm 24 &amp; have no kids. I had the Skyla inserted today and was DREADING it because I had read so many reviews about how painful it is. I 'm not going to lie, it hurt like hell. It was definitely one of the most painful things I have ever experienced, only being topped by a hemorrhagic ovarian cyst that I had a few months ago. The procedure itself is incredibly quick--1 min tops. The pinch of the cervix being opened wasn 't the worst for me, it was definitely the insertion. I started cramping horribly as soon as it started and actually started yelling &quot;I can 't do this, I can 't do this.&quot; By the time I finished saying that, it was over. I did have to just lay there for a bit &amp; standing was hard. But now I am only feeling occasional cramps.
I took Effexor XR 37.5mg for 1 month against general anxiety &amp; major depressive episode after big setbacks in business and job. The first week I had to force myself to take it with daily telephone encouragement of the Doctor (GP). Headaches, nausea, sweating, and anxiety about taking the new drug itself. After 3 weeks I did feel a bit better but had strong headaches and felt very tiered still all day. I decided to reduce and phase it out over 2 weeks by taking out the little balls from the pill. To my surprise this was much easier to stop than Paxil that I had discontinued for 8 months (after longterm use). Now without Effexor since 4 weeks; no more headaches or anxiety, feel more alive and productive without these &quot;numbing&quot; drugs.
I had unprotected sex on December 10th which was my peak ovulation time. I took Plan B within 72 hours. No ejaculation inside of me hopefully. My period was supposed to come on December 24th and did not. I had the worst, worst side effects ever, nauseous, very tender breasts, light headed, headaches, tired, the week my period was supposed to come along with brown discharge for over 7 days but a light flow. One day I had a light flow of red blood about 4 days after expected period but then quickly disappeared. I have taken 6 pregnancy tests and all are negative. You may think I am crazy for that many tests, but my body has been so messed up like it 's pregnant that I resorted to testing everyday.
I was having major anxiety and depression. I sought therapy for a year and nothing was helping. I tried Amitriptyline, Prozac, Lexapro, and I don 't know what else I can 't remember. I found a psychiatrist that immediately diagnosed me as OCD at 30(!!). Mainly O with some compulsions that are highly functioning. This drug stopped the depression in weeks at 50mg. Compulsions were so much more manageable. After two years it just stopped working. We 've gone up to 100mg and I started getting blurry vision. 125mg and I was highly agitated and depressed. Not sure where to go from here.
I 've been on Victoza for 3 weeks. I started at 0.6 and increased every 7 days. I 've lost 17 lbs thus far. Not eating much. I was nauseous in the beginning but it wears off.  I can 't eat more then 1 cup of food without feeling miserably full. No desire to over eat at all.  So far so good.  Hoping I don 't plateau.  I am still making good food choices and exercise regularly. Sugars were maintained on metformin b4 starting so I 'm hoping to go off metformin by October.  Praying I don 't get pancreatitis, gallbladder problems or worse.
Sugar - 117, and some times it will spike to 254 for a half day, can 't sleep, no energy, joint pain, intense ankle pain. Have to wear custom made leather braces. Limits my walking to 5-10 minutes, tired of the foot pain, joint pain climbing up stairs in out car.
I am using Vyance to help me lose weight.I have been on it for about 3 week. Positive: loss of appetite, doesn 't make you feel jittery or nervous, more focused, increase energy.weight loss about 5# but it is the holidays.Neg: back acne (never had acne before starting) you have to make your self eat and drink, headaches at the end of the day, dry mouth, if you take to late in the day you won 't be able to sleep.
Been on reclipsen for about a week and a half. My face is breaking out so bad, and I usually have very good skin. I feel swollen all over especially my face and legs, and lately I have been having pounding head ages not to mention the horrible cramps .
I have been on Acyclovir for 3 days following a first outbreak of genital herpes - having never suffered with anxiety or depression, I 've been crying about an hour after taking each pill. Feeling anxious, depressed , sweating, abdominal pain, short-tempered and very nauseous. Mood swings aren 't in the side effects but they should be, as countless other people on similar forums have experienced the same.
I have only been on this Loestrin 24 for about two months. I have actually lost weight but my breasts hurt all the time. And I 'm not talking like &quot;just a little sore&quot; they hurt bad. I also am having the craziest mood swings. One minute I am happy as a clam and the next I just cry my eyes out or am so annoyed I can 't even think. 
I took this medicine for OCD. It helped however I put on 30 pounds in 2 months and that 's with not changing my diet or exercise. I 've been off it for 3 months and the scale hasn 't moved at all. 
Medicine was fine at 20mg dose.  When my Doctor increased dose to 40mg, I started having increased muscle stiffness, especially in the morning.
It helps with the heavy bleeding and long periods, but thats it! I get so sick to my stomach on these, I have real bad PMS and sore breasts and nipples and it doesn 't do anything for my skin or hair.
I rated a 5 because sometimes it helped and sometimes it did not. When I first began to take Lexapro, I was very tired, and I was like a zombie. There was a small range of emotion for me. It did help with my depression and my anxiety, but I was still depressed. At one point in time when I was taking medication, I had a depressive episode where I began to have hallucinations. I don 't think Lexapro was the cause, but I don 't think it helped very much either. All in all it was more or less helpful with my Major Depressive Disorder and anxiety.
Started taking this medication 3 days ago for strep, didn 't even know I could still get strep after getting my tonsils out 15 years ago. I 've been sick for just over a month and wasn 't getting any better. I take absolutely no medications but I just couldn 't take being sick anymore. The fever, chills, aches, are gone. Throat is still scratching if I talk to much, sinuses are still completely plugged and runny nose is still present. My Dr prescribed Biaxin for 10 days so fingers crossed this continues to work!
First off, I am a 28 yo with no children.  I was extremely excited to get Paragard.  I don 't do well on hormones and my husband and I don 't want children so a long term solution seemed like the best idea  (bonus: my insurance covered it!)  Insertion was painful, but the 600mg of ibuprofen I took prior helped.  Apparently if you have had kids it 's less painful.  My first period after was worse than normal but no bloodbath, cramps were sharper but not unbearable.  Then I kept spotting.  And spotting.  And spotting.  After my first period I have not gone a single day without bleeding 3 months later.  And I get a sharp pain when I climax during sex (but otherwise sex is painless, hubs can 't feel a thing.)  Considering removal now :(
I have taken Ocella for almost eight years and loved it.  It improved my acne, mood swings, etc. I didn 't really have any noticeable side effects. However, in the last few months I started getting all over body itching and then hives.  I eventually realized going off of this cured my itching/hives so I decided to write this review incase anyone else is dealing with these symptoms.  Generics can change filler ingredients at any time, so unfortunately I will no longer be taking this pill.
First time painful, still feel the rod in your arm for the first month but no more period. Negative part is gaining weight and breaking out a little.
Before getting on Microgestin Fe 1/20, I was on Yasmin.  I never had any problems with Yasmin, although my period was slightly heavier than desirable.  I have been on Microgestin now for four months and literally go through 2 full period cycles in a row each month.  It is awful and inconvenient.  My doctor actually put me on the pill because of the reports of shorter periods.  I know that all bodies react differently, but be cautious of this problem, if you do not want to chance it.  I have also experienced severe mood swings, but I cannot discredit it regarding actual birth control.  Just remember to take it at the same time, daily.
I 've been on the Xulane patch for a year now. When I first started it everything was great. My periods got lighter, I had a moderate libido, I wasn 't nauseous at all and had almost zero negative effects. After about four/five months of use I started getting morning sickness after having my period and putting the patch back on. Now I also have unusual chest pain, back and neck pain all in one and my mood swings are crazy. my periods have also gotten heavier and my cramps worse than when I first started. I tried switching to the progestin only pill but because of the dramatic hormone level change, I was not able to use this very long. Five stars for Xulane because it 's done its job at not getting me pregnant.
I 've taken Fiorinal for about a year, initially it was great.  One pill would totally knock out a headache. Little drowsy for about 30 minutes and I was good to go. Started having to increase the the number of times I take it about 4 months ago, started having abnormal vaginal bleeding; my doctor thinks it 's the aspirin and the fact that I 've had to take more. Aspirin is a blood thinner. I switched to Fioricet, same drug, but replaces the asprin with Tylenol. Back to normal now. Try Fioricet if Fiorinal dosen 't work for you.
Got the shot in my hip last night for an infection in the lymph nodes in my neck. I felt a little better, but it made me even more sore and sensitive in my shoulders and chest afterwards. Now it 's been a full day and all the pain is back, the only thing that isn 't is the dizziness. So far, no real difference.
I take this for neck shoulder pain &amp; pinched nerve.  Great med when taking regularly but my doctor won 't refill again until I go see him for a checkup. I started trying to not take as much or sometimes none. Having pain in my teeth and head. Have no idea what is going on but wonder if this med makes you worse when getting off of it. Does it make your nerves more sensitive? I will go for that checkup soon.
I 've been taking this for about 2 months now. No pregnancy. But, my acne is absolutely awful...in turn I feel awful. I feel like my immune system isn 't as great as it used to be and I feel tired all the time. I really hope what everyone else is saying is true! I 'm giving it another couple months and if I don 't see any changes I 'm making a switch.
Hello ladies! Your reviews have been so helpful and is giving me hope! I was on birth control for years then finally got off.. My cycles have been irregular every since.. So I was put back on birth control just to have a cycle.. Me and my husband are trying to conceive so I went to the doctor to have an ultrasound did on me to check my ovaries and that 's when I found out I have PCOS.. My doctor started me on Metformin.. I started taking it on 06/20/15.. The symptoms started immediately! Really bad cramps and MAJOR diarrhea.. I haven 't been taking it for a week yet and I 'm not to stop but right now I don 't like the feeling. But my doctor said this helps with me trying to have a baby.. So hopefully good news soon :)
I have social anxiety disorder and depression. I never knew how unhappy and stressed I was until I started taking Zoloft early in the year. The drug did wonders for me. It brought out such happiness and a zest for life that I had not felt in a very long time. I began to exercise and eat right and as a result I lost a lot of weight. However, I stopped taking Zoloft mid year because my wife and I are trying to have another baby and it might affect fertility. A few weeks ago I got back on Zoloft for some anxiety I was feeling. I have done one week at 25 mg and the following two weeks on 50, but my anxiety is through the roof and I 'm very depressed. I hope it starts to work again, I 'm really anxious and praying I get my calm back.
These pharmaceutical companies need to figure out ways to engineer better medications. I went on cymbalta for about 8 months after a long struggle with anxiety. I had mild depressive episodes as well, but it didn 't really bother me and mostly came as a result of having bad anxiety that I felt I couldn 't control. Cymbalta was great at first, I seemed to actually lose a little weight (didn 't need to but any girl likes to see that) and I had a great mood much of the time. However, I started noticing that it wasn 't doing anything for my actual anxiety. It started making me gain weight, I was too tired from the medicine to go the gym, and had a hard time even making it to the library to study (I 'm a college student).
I 've been on this pill for 3 months and started experiencing the worst acne that I 've ever had in a long time. I was taking Ortho Tri-Cyclen Lo prior to Loestrin24 and other than the price, it was great.  I decided to switch to a cheaper pill but this birth control does not control my acne.  I 'm experiencing breakouts on my chin, cheeks and forehead.  I 've since called my obgyn and have switched back to Ortho Lo which helps control my acne.
I 've been using psyllium fiber for several months. But after I suspended from using it my metabolic system seems to require more fiber input. I actually gained weight in a faster rate. Now I 'm still taking fiber supplement but it helps only in maintaining my weight. Not anymore on losing some fat (i guess). I 'm giving a try with Xenical in my hope to lose for at least 3 kgs. . Good luck to us!
Got rid of my toenail fungus.  But I lost my sense of taste for 3 months.  Nasty drug.
I had a urinary tract infection that would not go away with increased water and real cranberry juice.  Went to doctor and got this bactrim.2 pills for 7 days.  First day after taking I became light headed.  Felt like the energy was being drained.  Had a mild head ache.  Second day my headed was pounding from the front and sides. Felt a lot of pressure in my ears. Very thirsty.  Unable to focus on any type of paperwork and any standing, lifting and walking movement made me feel weak like I was going to passout.The symptom relief was instant from bactrim but the side of effects is very concerning because you feel extremely  bad like the medicine is to powerful or not good.
Buspar is great in managing anxiety attacks as well as some panic disorders but I can 't tolerate it because each time I experience dizziness and motion sickness after..so I will have to stop it.
I had been on Restasis for a couple of years with no noticeable improvement. I was also trying different types of punctal plugs. Allrex steroid drops, too. No help. My insurance changed this year so I had to find a new ophthalmologist. He suggested Xiidra. I 've taken it about a week and it may be helping. He suggested I put a drop of Refresh Optive gel drops in before the Xiidra to help with burning. That helped a lot. Hardly any burning. The first time I took it without the OTC drops it was so painful. Eyes hurt and I got a bad headache around my brows. I wouldn 't have been able to continue. I will keep trying the xiidra. I 've also ordered PRN fish oil capsules that was recommended. They can be bought on the web.
I don 't like the side effects. It affects your kidneys.
I gave this a 5 because the product is hit or miss. A couple of times it worked in 2 days and a couple of times it made the sore worse! I mean it doubled it in size! I 'm now using a camphor solution and white toothpaste.
I have a previous traumatic stroke 5 years ago. I have been maintained with blood thinners and 1mg ativan. Recently last month my anxiety and panic attacks are at all time high. They are daily and debilitating.. I fear of dying but have had numerous ER trips and Dr visits that always come back very healthy.. I have only been on celexa for 3 days.  Are anyone out there with similar background and positive experiences with this drug.Thanks
Paxil is making me calmer, but not lessening depression. However, I only have been on it one week. I will give it more time. Side effects are fatigue, weight gain, and headache. I feel that this drug would be best for someone with aggression. I also take 1 mg Klonopin which is also sedating. Paxil and alcohol don 't mix well.
Started 6th of May so hasn 't been long. Suffered severe Post-Natal Depression with youngest child 9 years ago, got over that and have been fine up until recently. I had a miscarriage over Christmas and over the months following  found myself getting very low again but most of all noticed the anxiety, hypochondria and irritation. Doctor put me 20mg Fluoxetine a day and seems to be good so far. Definately less anxiety but also definately lack of energy and  I have tiredness. No matter how much sleep I get I feel like a Zombie in the morning and yawn a lot until I have some coffee. My sense of humour, libido and appetite have decreased but I am putting that down to  'can 't be bothered ' feeling. Sticking with it for now. Gives hangover from hell too!!!
I was on 10mg of Paxil for the first time in my life and it increased my anxiety so bad I missed work went off and I felt good for a week now I 'm back to feeling bad and missing more work. I might try Prozac but very nervous.
I 'll finish my first week of use in two days. I appreciate the postings here, so I 'll keep you updated with my progress. 45 yrs. old. I was just diagnozed wit Low-T. Dr. didn 't share the number, but said it was on the floor. He prescribed two tubes a day. Haven 't noticed any changes yet, but staying hopeful. The alcohol scent dissipates quickly, but then I am left with what I describe as a sanitizer/soapy scent that can 't be masked with cologne. This may become a problem in the long term. I 'm using gloves after two days to apply the gel in order to avoid the smelly hands. The stickiness is annoying rather than problematic. Thanks for all the prior info. I 'll check back. 
I just started taking Daliresp again 10-23-16 the only problem that I have is I can 't sleep.I can 't  go to sleep or stay asleep.and when I do go to sleep it 's only for a few hrs.than I am awake again.I take it before and stop taking it because I could sleep.I really don 't know at this time if it works or not.haven 't been on it long enough to know.that 's one of the side effects.so what can u do to stay asleep?
I had my daughter in February this year. I received the shot the day I was released from the hospital. The shot didn 't hurt and didn 't quell the after pregnancy bleeding. I believe that was inevitable. This shot hasn 't made me gain weight at all. I 'm 119 lbs when I was 173 lbs when I was at my last check up before I had my child. The real problem with this is that I am a fricken mess. I cry at the drop of a hat. I have ZERO appetite and have to force myself to eat. BUT I have longer thicker hair and my body hair didn 't change. I 'm blonde and it 'd be easy to tell. The serious down side is that I 've been on the shot for 4 months and HAVE NOT STOPPED BLEEDING! Good lord! It 's been 4 months of ruined panties and  tampons.
Was prescribed levoflexacin when stent was placed in my kidney/urether for kidney stone. Took 5 day course of 500mg daily and had no problems except for dry skin and dandruff/peeling of skin in hairy areas. Then 15 days later was prescribed 750mg daily for 7 days. On sixth day all hell broke lose. There was severe pain in my knees, ankles, elbows, wrists, fingers, back and shoulders. Had hard time walking or laying down on sofa. 1 month later the pains are slightly better but not completely gone. Be careful with this drug. I am 44 yrs old.
I have had Implanon for about 2.5 years now. I LOVED it up until 6 months ago. For the first 2 years I had no side effects, not a single period. Suddenly I began having spontaneous and HORRID periods, extreme cramping, bloating, swelling. My OBGYN said that this is being caused by my uterine lining becoming too thin through my years of having the implant. I tried taking 2 weeks of Estrogen then 2 weeks of an antibiotic to help &quot;rebuild&quot; by uterine lining. Nothing helped. I will have the implant removed next week
New to this medication.  Switched to this because of side effects from Zanaflex.  I notice this medication does not make me sleepy- not sure what to do about getting sleep as the Zanaflex did help me sleep through the night (aside from the side effects).  Curious what others on this do for sleep, or if this will eventually help with that?  I really miss Soma, although with that one my tolerance built up really quickly and I had rebound insomnia when I stopped taking it.  
I am 15 years old and I was proscribed epiduo around October. I would have burning and redness so bad to were I could even sleep(putting a cold wet washcloth over your face will help) but after many days of not wanting to use it, I got the through it and my skin is flawless!
I was prescribed Demerol by my dentist this morning. I have to have oral surgery tomorrow. I took a 50mg tablet and waited for the pain to subside. It didn 't so I took another one. Still no luck. I called my dentist back and she told me to take 2 which I did. Still not much relief.
I took this method of birth control for about 8 months. I always skipped the sugar pills so I didn 't have my period. I only had spotting once while I was on this pill and it lasted for about a day or two and was very light. I had no pregnancy scares and am sexually active with my boyfriend. So, everything was good in that department.But I did notice I was starting to have anxiety and freak out about every little thing. My boyfriend noticed as well and the problem grew worse and worse. I felt depressed and I was always holding in my terrible mood. I recently got off of the pill for this reason and it 's been 2 weeks and I feel a huge difference. Mood swings are gone. Does the job, but side effects depend on how your body reacts to pill.
Had mine for a year, did gain half a stone after having it inserted but later lost it and more with a healthy diet.Have irregular periods which can last for 2 weeks being either heavy or light, always spotting, got bad skin but most of all started growing facial hair which my nurse said is a uncommon side effect but can happen! I 'm getting IT out and going on the patch, overall I did like it, the only side effect that bothered me is the facial hair so I have to get it out! (Implant was free as I 'mFrom the UK
Took a 800mg ibuprofen an hour before insertion on 2nd day of period (I always spot on first day) insertion didn 't hurt it felt like a pap smear. I was nervous for no reason. I usually get really bad heavy periods but the day after insertion my period went straight to spotting and minor cramping. It 's going on 2 weeks and I 'm still spotting. My gyno told me it 's a normal side effect and give it time to adjust to my body. I get cramps everyday but nothing I can 't handle.
Had Oxycontin addiction, went to methadone for 2yrs tapered from 150mg to 25mg then switched to Suboxone for 2 years. tapered from 32mg to 0.5mg. Initial taper was quick and I was at 2mg and below for the 2nd year. I was on 0.5mg (a quarter of a 2mg pill) for 2 months before I stopped. I stopped Sep1309 (7 weeks ago). Withdrawals are not as severe as oxycontins but long. The first week was hard and 2nd week was better and by week 3 I was much better. Here is the thing. I am still not sleeping well (5hrs/night) not solid, my motivation and energy are low, skin still crawls and Jimmy legs are the worst! (7 weeks).. After research, it looks like I will be dealing with this for 6 months-year. 
I 'm on 150 mg Wellbutrin XL 's, and since I 've started taking them, I 've noticed my dreams are extremely vivid and disturbing, I 'm getting confused easily, major insomnia, which isn 't normal for me by any means. Was on Prozac, then Lexapro, switched to celexa after 3 doses, and now I 'm stuck with Wellbutrin. I was told to push through and keep taking it, but all of my experiences with stimulants with an amphetemine base have been unpleasant. Im probably going to discontinue it, I 'd rather be unmedicated than lose days of sleep and have horrible dreams whenever I can sleep. Not a great experience imo
I had this in for three years and over the time I have gained 30 pounds and also experienced long periods, moodswings and headaches.I just had it removed today because I don 't want the extra hormones I 'm thinking of getting my tubes tied because I 'm over the birth control.
I 've been taking Contrave for a week now, I 'm down 6lbs. My appetite is curved and only crave water. I have put together a workout plan I do everyday to help. Yesterday I didn 't drink enough water during the day and I was sick to my stomach. As long as you stay hydrated it 's great.
I just had Implanon removed after nearly 2 years. I loved the fact that there were no more monthly pregnancy scares but hated everything else. I went from 9 stone to 11 stone without changing my eating habits and was so cranky and moody and down in the dumps. I 'm surprised my husband stayed with me. But feeling so much better now even though it 's only been out for 2 days. It just didn 't suit me.
I feel that 200 mg is probably best for me but makes me overly &quot;chatty&quot; and nonproductive in that manner, and my heart races.  100 mg does help me feel more awake in the morning but wears off very quickly. I still need a nap when I get home from work.
Good when combined with tramadol, not too sedating.
I was diagnosed with IBS-C about a year and a half ago. No laxatives were working at all. I was first prescribed with linzess 145, that did nothing for me. Then my doc upped the dosage to 290. That helped a little more. Then he added Amatiza. I now have to take 2 Amatiza and a 290 for anything to happen for me. The bloating is insane and the water retention is unreal. Living my life constantly sick is no fun!
Imitrex is the best medication for migraines I have taken so far. When I first started using it I would get the loopy feeling and slight dizziness. Normal right? But after a month or two and a few more uses of this medication, I started get a burning sensation in my head, behind my eyes and progressively got worse with each time I took it. The side effects have gotten so bad that now I get cold/hot sweats, the burning sensation in my head, and vomiting. I have now switched to a medication that is the prescription strength of Motrin which works just as well.
this is second month with minoxidil 5%. i noticed hair shedding in the first month of use. however  i am now noticing hair growth on my head. unluckily hair are also growing on my cheeks which i will not mind
I started Zoloft 3 weeks ago for panic attacks but I am having a hard time with the side effects. I feel like it has made my anxiety even worse but I am going to continue taking it until I get over the initial starting side effects.
I 've been on 40mg for almost 8 weeks now.  Was working great in the beginning, especially weeks 3-5, but for some reason the beneficial mood effects wore off and I don 't feel any different now than before.  The only thing I can think of is around that same time I started seeing a shrink and he put me on Xanax XR 0.5mg 1-2 times per day.  Could the Xanax XR have killed off the positive effects I was having with the Viibryd?  Not sure yet. By the way, I had literally NO negative side effects from taking this medication.  I always take it in the morning, never at night.  Tried that once and it kept me up all night.
I have smoked since I was 12 yrs old. Started smoking daily at age 15. I am now 51. Quit a few times for 3 or 4 months but always went back to it. On day 2 with Zyban and still smoking but looking forward to finally quitting. First day I took one in morning. Felt a bit funny but also was getting pains in chest n arm. Not sure if this was just a panic attack or what but going to keep going. If it gets worse I will have to stop taking zyban. But I 'm keeping my fingers crossed that it was nothing more than a panic attack.
So I 've had the nexplanon since December of 2013. Prior to the nexplanon I was on the deep shot for about three rounds (9 months) I went to basic training and missed my depo shot time frame so when I got out of training the nexplanon seemed like the best option. I haven 't had a period since March of 2013, no spotting, no cramping. My nexplanon expires in December of 2016, and beginning in late January I started severly spotting, and incredibly severe cramping. My acne has gotten worse in the past year ranging from face acne to moderately severe back, chest, and shoulder acne. I do not recommend getting the nexplanon. If you 're lucky you don 't get a period, but I 've noticed more people have problems than not.
I 'm 19 years old and this is my second time doing this. first time i had the lemon but the orange tastes a bit better. i 'm now into my morning dose but I just can 't hold it in anymore. I gag after every sip starting to feel dizzy again, my cheek is cramping up and can 't even take the smell anymore... if they ever start producing this in pill form I 'll be the happiest man alive.
I 'm day 4 on Pristiq.  I 've always hated being medicated to treat my depression and anxiety, for some time I had been doing okay with managing it on my own but recent events in my life sent me for a downward spin so I had to start the medicine. The first day was awful, I was dizzy, nauseated, shaky and for a period of 2 hours I was hit with a serious wave of paranoia I 've never felt before. I wasn 't keen to keep taking it after that but I 've stuck it out. My doctor had to give me a sedative to help level me out because I was going up and down, mood completely unpredictable.  Today is the first day I 've taken the sedative with Pristiq, so far so good. I 've had to be on leave from work until things are a bit more balanced.
I just started taking Tri-Sprintec. I was recently changed from Orthro Tri-Cyclen Lo because of insurance. Orthro was absolutely perfect but I 've noticed during the first month that just passed by the last 2 weeks I was SUPER emotional. I could be super happy one second and the next second I was ready to punch my boyfriend for a silly little argument. I 'm hoping this all changes by the time I finish my 3rd pack if not will have to change brands.
I have been experiencing hot flashes for 3 years but could take it no more. I finally caved and asked for the hormones ! My Dr. prescribed the Vivelle Dot at .05 and 3 weeks later I called and asked when I could expect some relief from these awful hot flashes. It had cured my sleeping issues and my sex drive came roaring back, and my dry skin improved, but nothing in the hot flash dept. It was increased to .075 and still no relief from these massive melt downs. I am getting very upset that I can get no relief and can 't wait to see my Dr. again next month. I hate to have another increase but wondering if it will finally help !
I have only been taking this drug for two weeks, but despite the fact that my BP is definitely down, I have been ultra lethargic, my eyes have become very sensitive to bright lights, my back is aching, my bursitis has flared up again, my tinnitus is really loud, and I have been very arthritic for the last week.  Where is my quality of life?
I 'm actually 18 and I get migraines all the time. I loved it when I first started using it because it 'll work in like 10 minutes. I 'm weird because I 'd get a dizzy feeling when I first took it but it wasn 't bad. Now lately it hasn 't been doing anything. I was really looking forward to taking Excedrin every time I had pain but I 'll still continue using it to see if there still will be any progress. Huh, I actually started thinking my migraines are just too strong for excedrin..
I am a 21 year old female and I used nuvaring for 2 months but it was affecting my moods (making me really depressed and unmotivated) and I couldn 't take it anymore. I tried it again a few months later hoping it would be different but I spotted for the whole month, I got acne, and my moods took a dip again. I had it for a month but have since switched to Skyla
I have 5 children &amp; am 42 years old. My partner has had a vasectomy. I 've never had a regular period - and have no interest in getting one now. So - I do not want a period.  After my son was born 6 years ago - I went on the Mirena IUD - NO period was awesome &amp; lasted 5 years.  Last year I changed to the Implanon - I have had NO period and of course no pregnancy.  But, in the past 6 months have gained 20 lbs!  My hair &amp; skin are extremely oily. Acne is horrible. and I fear I 've had many of the other symptoms and just never thought Implanon could be a reason for moods, headaches, sore breasts, extreme weight gain and acne. I think it 's time to remove but I don 't want a period.
I 've been taking Zoloft for about a week now and its made me nervous, dizzy, almost emotionally dead (though that might be because of the Depakote) and has really increased my psychosis to the point of where as an addition to hearing voices I have been hearing music when there should not be any music, oh and dry mouth. I 'm going to give it some more time but if these symptoms continue I will stop. I 've read a lot of positive reviews though and I don 't react well towards many medication.
After hearing a lot of good things about Nuvaring I 've decided to give it a try. At first I have to say I absolutely loved it. No side effects, easy to use and helped with period pain. Now I am 4 months in and I lost appetite (which all in all is not a bad thing), I have terrible mood swings and got extremely teary and depressed. I cry approx 70% of the day. I constantly feel very sad and poorly, lost my enthusiasm for life and feel worthless, hopeless. Last time I felt this way was 16 years ago when I was on the pill, I stopped it immediately after I have realised I was capable of harming myself. I 've only today stopped NR and hopefully will start feeling better soon.
Started taking 100mg one year ago for mild post partum depression.  It really helped me for the first 6(ish) months and I definitely felt a change.  I started feeling depressed again (several life &quot;happenings&quot;) so my doctor increased my dose to 150mg, which I have currently been taking for going on 4 months now.  I 've been feeling depressed again and am at the point where I either need to increase my dose (again...and I 'm already on a high dose) or switch to a different medicine.  I think I 'm trying the latter. Some of the side effects I have experienced:insomnia, extreme fatigue, slight weight gain (10 lbs over a one year period...active young mom, so very weird for me), increased depression, headaches.
I loved the way Adderall helped with my ADD (adult). I was able to get soooo much done while on it.
The medicine worked well after the first two weeks but then I became very constipated, gained more than 10 lbs, blurry vision became an issue and had issues with nausea.  
Fantastic to erase all symptoms of smoking. Only 3 weeks in and yes I have quit and am able to be around any smoker with no wish to smoke at all.But in saying that I can 't speak to my partner without having a full blown outburst of rage, I can 't sleep, I have vivid nightmares when I do along with breakdowns because of the intense emotions. I get headaches everyday. I can 't be in large groups of friends without feeling overwhelmed and anxious. I can 't hold conversations with more than one person at one time. I find myself thinking of things that should not be thought of. I was complete opposite beforehand. 
did anyone else produce a horrific smell after getting kyleena? I 've never had a bad smell and have always taken care of myself, but now that I 've been bleeding consistently, there is a horrible smell
I 've had Implanon for 9 months now and have considered taking it out a couple times. I do think you should do your research before deciding, everyone reacts differently, but I 've had several inconvenient side effects. I rarely bleed, and if I do its only for a couple of days and very light, but that 's a plus! I 've always had migraines so its hard to say which ones are caused by the Implanon, but I do see an increase in them and consistency (although they don 't always last too long and not always as intense). I do experience horrible cramps though, which I never had before the Implanon and mood swings accompanied by a bit of depression. I 'm keeping it in until the 3 years have past, but I 'm not sure if I will get another one.
Knocked UTI symptoms out effectively after the first 24 hours. However, the side effects were not pleasant and were very noticeable: headache, nausea, dizziness, light-headed, weakness, sweating, dry mouth, excessive thirst, tiredness. I 'm on day 3 and have asked the doc to switch me to something else so I can function better at home and work. Trying Cipro. Be sure to drink water constantly when on Bactrim DS.
Starting taking Belviq 10mg a week ago. Number  1. None of the coupons I printed out didn 't give me any cost reduction and my health insurance would not pay any cost, so I 'm out of pocket, $280.00. Number 2 I 'm 70 yrs young, weighed 196lbs at 5 '4&quot;, obese.  Number 3. Had terrible side effects past week, headache, fever, body aches and pain especially in feet and hands, have developed a nagging cough, dizziness. It 's been one week today, my feet are killing me and I feel a bit feverish. Now I can at least get out of the house. Number 4. I weigh 192 lbs today. Number 5. So I will continue this journey one more week, if it continues with the side effects, I 'll have to quit. Also I 'm very active I take an accounting class twice a week, weights twice a wk, walk 5 miles twice a week, swim once week
I got my Implanon inserted in November 07 and it was great at first, very easy to insert and in fact had no period for the next 7 months. The first year was pretty good, a little weight gain and mood swings but not bad. That is until last November of 2008. I started having severe stomach pains along with back and leg pain, had these episodes last 3-4 days and are so severe I felt I was in labor all over. I have had migraines, leg and arm pains, severe mood swings, depression, my periods are so out of control, I wear a pad every day just in case. I have had to go the Emergency room 3 times in the past 4 months. I had insurance when I had it put in and now I don 't so I am in the process of acquiring it to get this thing removed.
Started treatment 7 days ago no real side effects only lethargic all the time.
I have been talking tizanidine for yrs,I have ms and all so 4 back surgeries, I have noticed lately when I take the meds about 10 to 15 minutes my feet go into spasm and the pain is intense, I take 8mg 3 times a day not sure what 's happening with this med but something isn 't working right.
I had been contemplating taking a sleep aide for some time now but after my engagement fell apart I really need it more than ever. I have been on Ambien for 3 weeks now and although I think it helps I took mine 2 hours ago and I 'm still here. Once I do fall asleep it is a very sound and restful sleep but I still lay in bed tossing and turning, thinking of what could have and should have been.
I 'm not sure about Fetzima 's effectiveness as I 'm on day four of treatment.  As for side effects, I noticed that I started sweating more on day 3 (40 MG), a lack of appetite, and some minor nausea.  Occasionally I 'll get anxious, but I 'm not sure if it 's specific to the Fetzima or my general anxiety.
So I 've been on depo for 2 years now. When I first got on it for at least a good maybe 3 weeks &quot;at the most&quot; I was on my period and I thought &quot;oh no when is this going to end,&quot;but after that first month I started spotting and now I have no period &quot;at all.&quot; Although for me depo was effective I also gained 10 pounds ...YES! 10. It makes u very hungry I will eat a whole plate of food and either get stuffed quick or, not at all. My hormones are crazzzyyy I 'm very moody. Its a great method but you just have to excercise know your body before you make the decision, and don 't be afraid to ask your doctor questions about the best birth control for you. This is just my experience. %u263A
This is my 2nd week on Cymbalta. 1st week 30mg this week 60mg. I feel weak, restless,spacy and hopeful. I have been on many different antidepressant 's and things are always great then they turn on me and no longer work. So as I read some of these reviews, I have decided to continue to take and hopefully the miracle will happen to me.
I don 't want to bash this drug because it sounds like it is really good for a lot of people. Also, it is by far the best antipsychotic I have tried in terms of side effects and effectiveness. However, like all antipsychotics I 've tried so far (Seroquel, Abilify), it made me emotionally flat and unable to enjoy life. Being on it is better then being depressed, but it took away my ability to enjoy everything I used to (reading a good book, listening to music, looking beautiful scenery or paintings). I am switching over to Depakote, and I can already feel my life coming back as the Latuda goes down.
I have had improvement on issues like frequency and pain, but the medicine causes fatigue, headache, nausea, weakness, and swelling in my limbs.
This medicine is great. Serves VERY well as a birth control. However, I can go MONTHS without my period. Havent had one since January and it 's almost July. I know I 'm not pregnant. I had 1 day of bad cramps, bled for literally 5 minutes then just cramped all day. It can be worrisome if I 'm sexually active because I wonder if I 'm pregnant, but it works well as a birth control
Started the first dose at 3:30pm. By 4:45pm I had 3/4 down but had to quit because I was gagging and almost throwing it up with each drink.  It 's 9:20pm and nothing has happened yet. I feel like I have to go but nothing is happening, like I 'm constipated. I 'm worried because I know they will stop the procedure and make you come back if you aren 't cleaned out.  I have my second dose planned for 4AM. Hopefully it is working by then.
This medicine did a number on my legs.  Had numbness, the legs felt like led, wobbly.  I had been a mail carrier and walked 10-11 miles and day, retired but continued to walk 4-5 miles a day besides being very active with DIY projects and part time job.  Took Lipitor earlier this year.  It got the numbers down, but I had 3 ER visits in one week and spent the night in the hospital because my legs were acting up and it scared me and my heart did weird things.  Lot of stress for me and my family.  We have good insurance, but this will still probably be around $2000.  I would not recommend Lipitor to anyone-there are other cholesterol meds out there.
Run from it. Ive been taking it for four years.more u take the more u have to have. Its synthetic and very addictive. 100mg.tab equils 40 mg.morphine. i was taking 6 per day it dulls the pain but it dulls ur mind too.im off it now and i feel alive and most of my back pain is starting to subside.i take mobic, and im great. When i got hurt it actually helped but i built up a tolerance to it over 4 years.ive got 5 discs messed up.
Started on 0.75 for 4 weeks then up to full dose 1.5. Nausea and lack of appetite where bad for first 2-3 months then they subsided and I started to eat normally again - lost 3-4 kg - that; 's allWorst side effect was extreme tirednessStopped taking the drug 10 days back but the tiredness persists....... will recommence again in a week or so - body is enjoying the break!
I still don 't know if cravings and anxiety are one and the same, but I 've been on this for 6 months.  I notice a lot of headaches, increased anxiety, depression, insomnia and male sexual problems.  I still need 0.5 mg Xanax 5 times a day for the anxiety, and Ambien CR for insomnia.  The product coordination nurses deny that this causes male sexual side effects, I 've had sex twice in 6 months on Vivitol, and that includes my honeymoon.  I think Vivitrol helped me the most by making it clear that if I tried any opiates, I could overdose immediately and die.  So I 've put up with the side-effects, but I hope to be off this in 1 year.  And, yes, I want my sex life back.
My experience has been better than my preexisting condition.  I was prescribed a 25 day dose of Dexilant in order to treat some possible ulcers and gastritis in my intestines.  I was having severe abdominal pain.  A week in, the medicine had treated the pain quite effectively.  I only get mild cramping now and then.  I have experienced some side effects, including diarrhea, back pain, and a slight irregular heartbeat.  However, it has mitigated the stomach pain quite well, and my symptoms seem to be slowly improving.  Good for short term treatment, but I wouldn 't recommend long term treatment (at least for ulcers or gastritis) due to side effects.
I just got my 3rd rod in Feb. 2015 and I am not sure why I got another one instead of trying something different. It does work very well but the side effects are terrible. I got on it because I thought it would make my periods go away and it didn 't, it just made them much longer and I recently had to start taking iron pills to help. The first 2 years I gained 30 pounds and I became very depressed and anxious ( which is still going on in year 7). I do not sleep very well and I am not sure if it is the birth control or not but I am always tired and never have energy. I have a sex drive but some times I get a really sharp pain in my lower stomach that makes not want to have sex because the pain it causes is not worth it.
I took this pill for 3 months, and I got acne after 6 days of the first pack. It never cleared up completely until after I stopped taking the pill. It would clear up a little during the placebo week. I 've never had a problem with hormonal acne, and I broke out over my shoulders, and chin significantly. It was extremely embarrassing,
I am experiencing significant pain/aching in my lower back from this drug.
I have taken many different birth controls during my 20s but this is by far the worse. It took reading this site to realize how bad this medicine is for my body. Been on it for 3 months now. I have developed bad acne, have horrible headaches everyday and my periods have gotten so bad I 'm pretty much on bed rest the whole time. The cramps have me doubling over and feeling as if I may vomit. My period is so heavy it is making my anemia worse and I get lightheaded often. I 'm sure it works just fine for some women but I am currently in the fetus position trying to ride this out and will not take again.
Now, I consider myself someone who has a pretty high pain tolerance. I love needles and piercings and tattoos and have dealt with some pretty severe injuries. I have felt pain. The physical insertion was only slightly uncomfortable and lasted only a few seconds. However, the cramp I felt after was one of the most painful things I 've ever experienced. I sat lightheaded, sweating and almost crying in the room for 5 minutes after. I walked out and it was all I could do not to pass out while simply booking my next appointment. I went out to my car and turned on max AC and laid my seat back for a good 30 minutes. Mild cramping next few days. All in all most painful thing ever but only lasts like 45 minutes.
My understanding is that using a gel helps provide a more even dose that going with shots.  I do have to comment on the strong smell of Testim.  Its not a bad smell however it is too strong.  Would you want to go into an important business meeting after having dumped on a half bottle of some strong perfume?  Not me. I am considering asking my doctor for alternatives to Testim just because of its smell.
It worked really well to clear up my urinary tract infection and within a day I had no symptoms; however, I was so tired while I was taking this! I also would get feeling of nausea quite often and occasionally would make me vomit. I took on a full stomach but still got the feelings of nausea and fatigue.
Seems to increase capacity for recalling short-term information Vs. mid-term. Noticeably easier to learn during use. There seems to be complications with taking this herb/extract.It may be causing:Increased light sensitivity; car headlights, transitioning from indoors to outdoors and any focused light i.e. lasers. The effects are described as a searing pain near my retina or ocular nerves.Possible interaction with smoked cannabis in the evening, only when lying down for sleep with internal sensations of cranial and neural pulsating. Possibly caused uncomfortable ringing in the ears, more frequent with cannabis use. The latter was non-specific to left or right. Likely best taken in isolation (with food) in the pre-dawn hours - (not sure)
I have used levocetrizine. It makes me sleep for 20 hours. I feel so drowsy. I can 't even work in the mornings. Although I took it at night still till midday I was so drowsy I could just drop down and sleep anywhere. I think I need to change this medicine.
This is my third month into Trinessa. I can 't say I hate it, and definitely can 't say I love it. During my first 2 weeks I experienced very awful breast tenderness (making roller coasters at the time not a pleasant experience) and some nausea and major headaches. My first period on this was a little hellish, but my periods before the pill were 8 long, heavy days. I was put on this pill for my acne. Before the pill, I always got acne before and after my period on my forehead (cystic) and when I started this pill I started only getting whiteheads (which is doable). It 's the week after my period, and for 3 long weeks I 've had awful cystic acne on my chin and forehead. I am planning to give the pill at least 3 more months.
I started this 4 weeks ago, I am ready to quit, my nausea is so bad, it is hard to deal with. I was told it would go away, not! My sugars are running a lot lower and I stopped the actos. I feel like it is a huge rock in my stomach, and looking, smelling, or trying to eat makes me want to gag. I am hanging on one more week. My daughter is a nurse and does my injections, you need to do stomach and pinch up the skin making sure you don 't see any veins. I have lost 10 #. and when I lay down to sleep I get heartburn really bad. I can 't even sleep, I toss and turn sometimes the whole 8 hours, I am miserable!!!
I started taking Xanax at age 20 and it was a great medicine. I had such bad panic attacks and just constant anxiety 24/7.  I started out on a low dose and within 15 mins I felt calm and fine. I got from the place of not being able to walk outside or answer the phone to being able to get married, have a job, go on vacations. Anything I wanted to do. I WAS NORMAL.  But now I 'm 36 and on the highest dose 4 mg a day and about 4 1/2 years ago my horrible anxiety came back even though I 'm taking it.  I can 't work, drive or really go anywhere anymore.  So I guess I 'd say it works but then you may build up a tolerance and then it won 't work. 
I have been taking 15mg of oxycotin 3 times a day.  Recently given palexia 50mg to replace a dose of oxycotin.  Gives me a bad headache and nausea but seems to reduce the pain same as the other meds. It stopped working and I have continued with the midday dose of oxycotin and use palexia to top up before bed. I often have to take ibuprofen to get rid of the headache. Not sure these are very helpful as morphine tends to make me more cranky than I would be on oxycotin.
I take 2.5mg and have taken it for 14 years. It does stop the pain in 15 minutes but I feel like I have the flu after and lately a lot of bladder pain, urinary infections every 6 months and urinating a lot with loss of urinary control. I am 65 years old and have had migraines forever.Does anyone experience bladder issues? Is it because i have been on it so long and it is hurting the bladder?
Hi, I have taken this medicine for a year. I have found that it works, but it takes a lot of work (if that makes any sense.) II am on 400mg a day for narcolepsy. I have found with this medicine if I take it and then eat, almost no effect, if I eat wait about an hour, take the pill then that 's fine. If I don 't drink a lot of water then it doesn 't matter, because it doesn 't work. For a person that always wants to sleep, scheduling this little pill twice a day is almost not worth it.
When I first had it inserted, I bled five months straight &amp; was worried it wouldn 't stop.  The doctor had me take motrin twice daily for 10 days.  Not sure if it was the solution, but it did stop.  I have yet to have my period again since then. I had the insertion done 2 months post partum. However, I have gone from 142lbs &amp; losing weight fast, to 178lbs &amp; my milk dried up after insertion.  I have had no diet changes, I workout 1 day less than normal.  I have severe migraines, morning sickness every now &amp; again, &amp; am now getting rashes on the arm that it is inserted in. I have involuntary muscle spasms and jerking of body. Showing allergy symptoms to hormone, will be getting it removed.  Good BC for nonsensitives.
Ugh, it seems to be working on the 2nd day but about an hour after each dose my stomach is completely torn up and in a million cramps. It 's so painful! I can 't wait until this 5 day treatment is over so I don 't have to go through this anymore!!
Headache, nauseous, on day one, left arm tingling day 1, 2, 3. Nightmare and neck pain day 4....and 3 more days to go....
Hi All, I gave this BC a 5 because while it didn 't work for me. It might work for someone else. BC seems to be a by-person thing. I have two friends that liked this while my other friend and I did not work well on it. My friend and I both have ADHD and have had previous situational anxiety.   On this birth control I became very nervous all the time and was extremely sensitive. I cried at least 3 times a week over little things. Which is extremely not like me. I actually lost weight because of high anxiety. When I got it taken out, I turned around 180 degree. I can joke around and I feel like myself again. I have been off the medication for about 2 weeks now and have not cried or been nervous once. I feel stable.
I 've experienced mild to moderate itching in the scalp, arms, and thighs a couple hours later after taking Tramadol. I 've taken it several times before, but in the last month or two, I 've noticed the itching.
I am on my second month of this medication and I am experiencing leg cramps (charlie horses) Is anyone else having this effect on them.  My results are very good. Need to keep evaluating this. Will check with you later with my latest effects.
Tried linzess for about three months after fighting insurance company to cover.  It worked well for that time, similar to once popular zelnorm.  However at the third month, I bloated out all over my body. This was listed as a side effect so I stopped taking it and returned to align.  Too bad!
I took Sprintec for a year, it worked well for me. The reason I went off of it was because I had almost 40 lbs of weight gain. No good. I did have really bad vomiting the first month I was on it (my doctor later told me this was normal).
I 'm Cheway69 who ever read my post , just a reminder I started on 5/8/15 &amp; today 5/25/15It was terrible terrible the first wk , headache so tired it was like someone beat me up or like very sore it 's like I lifted weight for 10 hrs, the result loosing only 3 lbs only , I couldn 't BELEIVE it ,by no means my appetite is better eating good &amp; healthy food but not enough to be happy with the result like everyone are talking about, maybe I need to wait little longer ...sometime my balance is off, like how ppl walk when they are drunk, my memory is not that good by using this Belviq, forget a lot ,nothing change in my life to effect my memory , I blame this product, oh also I 'm shivering &amp; cold a lot most of the day.In 2 wks I 'll post more info
When I first used Topamax it was for seizures but I had not been diagnosed with bipolar then it was thought to be depression. I lost 83 pounds but I stopped taking it because of the tingling in my hands and face, but after trying other medications years later I gained 123 pounds which I was devastated and plunged in a deep depression that I am still in after reading about again I know, I can live with the other things it seems minor to the darkness I have been living in I can 't what to try it again after realizing its better than 99% of things I tried when I go to my appointment in two weeks. I 'm excited for the first time in a long time to try it again.
I have had psoriasis for years and have treated it with cortisone to control the inflammations and itching.  I discovered Clobex about a year ago and used it on my elbows and scalp.  It does a great job in eliminating the external signs of psoriasis when used for 2 to 4 weeks.  However, after about a month the symptoms return.  I have used it a second and third time with the same results but I am hesitant to continue this process considering the warnings provided.
My 89-year old father was taking this med for a few weeks. He was weak (we had to pull him out of bed or out of his chair, he walked with a walker, was confused, just totally not him. He happened to have a urinary infection about the same time so we blamed that.Finally, a week later, infection gone -- and was still so weak. Hospitalized one day, many tests, and nothing found. Started to take half the dose of Entresto, per his cardiologist (we asked since that was the only thing different at this point)... in five days, back to normal. No walker, no need to help him get up, alert and living again!P.S. His primary care doctor said he doesn 't prescribe Entresto... its two powerful drugs. He isn 't the cardio guy, but... beware!
I have been on Contrave since Tuesday, 9/1/15 and I 've lost 2.6 pounds so far - not bad for only taking it for 4 days. I will say that I did experience very mild nausea the first day, but had some Cheerios as someone else mentioned and it helped. I also have had diarrhea/loose stools every day - my boyfriend says that 's why I 'm losing, which is probably true. I am not too concerned about it because I had been told years ago that I have irritable bowel and I do occasionally have this issue. My starting weight was 236.6 and today I weighed in at 234.0. I will report more in the coming weeks.
I just started this pill on day 3. Not sure if this is part of it as I was tired before but do feel tired and my eyes feel heavy. Do tend to feel hungry after 2 hours but eat and get full pretty quickly. No issues with focusing. One thing is I have to use the bathroom more often, probably because of the water intake.
I have used the topical on my receding hairline. Twice a day- within two weeks I got a horrible headache that lasted 3 days.  Stopped treatment.  Started again once a day this time. Same effect. About two weeks went by then got headache again. Stopped treatment. The second time, I used much less. Maybe a 1/2 Tbl total.   I weigh 115lbs.
Chantix has proven to be very effective at curbing urges to smoke (I went from smoking about an average of 3/4 of a pack of cigarettes a day on and off for 23 years down to just 4-5 cigarettes a day a few days into taking Chantix. I am on day 4 now and really feel I can quit completely by day 8. The problem is that I have been getting weird side effects, not the common ones. I don 't get nausea hardly at all, or weird dreams. Instead I feel sort of out of body all the time, have difficulty concentrating, experience periodic agitation and blurry vision. My legs also feel very heavy. I can tell I am not myself. I plan on stopping the drug at 1mg a day dose ( blue pill) . I 'll quit on my quit date, with willpower and gum!
I have been taking levetiracetam for last 5 years and on the average have been having seizures once a year. I 'm looking into changing my medication as I want 100% seizure control. I started with taking 500mg daily and now on taking 2500mg daily. I have suffered with some anxiety and halving more seizures does not help. Also, tiredness and some days just not feeling like my self, feeling out of it and spaced out. But there is some days when I feel ok
I have been on Loestrin 24 Fe for almost 4 years. It was my favorite out of all the birth controls I tried until this year. I am 5 '6-5 '7 and have always been about 125-130 pounds. I am now about 150-160 pounds, I skipped a period two months ago, got this months period late. I am not pregnant. I will randomly feel sick and depressed. I have lost my sex drive and my boobs will hurt. I have extreme cramps and find myself experiencing tons of mood swings. I think it is time to switch to something else.
Literally crazy for 3 years with andormal periods on top of it, worst birth control ever. Only thing it is good for not getting pregnant. You can go right ahead put this in your arm, you will regret it.
Zyprexa- It is not a sedating medicine at all. It does nothing for anxiety and paranoia. It is extremely effective for panic and depression problems though. That 's the only thing I commend this medicine for. The weight gain for this medicine is worse than any other psychiatric medicine. It to me, feels like an acute medicine for panic attacks but that 's all I would say it 's beneficial towards. The trick to this medicine is it is not sedating, but it stops the central nervous system from freaking out, but you don 't actually feel sedated or calmer from it.
So far, I 've been on it 2 months after switching from Apri, which I was on for about 3 years. I suppose I 'm still in the transition stage, because Apri is a single hormone dosage, but for 2 weeks out of the pack, I am absolutely miserable. I 'm terribly moody, cry for no reason like before I started birth control. I only switched because its cheaper. 
this birth control definitely regulated my period and made them lighter and has done its job helping with pregnancy obviously but since I 've been on this I 've broke out so bad around my chin and cheeks and I will be honest my skin has never been great but it hasn 't been this bad in a long time and I feel like the scars last so much longer. I  thought if I kept taking it my skin would clear up but it didn 't. other than that I didn 't gain weight I 'm pretty sure my sex drive was the same, no spotting or any other possible side effects. one thing that might 've been the cause but I 'm not sure but I may have gotten more depressed but that also might just be the cause of the bad breakout since I very much care about my appearance
Was very nervous to take this prep. I ev e n cancelled my first appt.  I took this prep at 6pm and it 's 745 pm and I only had slight tummy rumbling and  4 watery movements. Worst part so far is drinking the prep and being hungry. So far not bad. I 'm just hoping it stays that way but I still have the 2nd dose to take in morning.
I 'm 19 years old, I 've suffered from depression, stress, bulimia and anxiety for several years. My background is Chinese, therefore my parents are very judgmental (not all Chinese parents are) but they don 't really believe in such kind of illness and they will lose face if any of their friends knew what was wrong with me, one day I couldn 't bare it so I went to the doc, she gave me citalopram 10mg. This is my second day, I 've experience dizziness and diarrhea but apart from that I feel like I 've been more happy and positive.
Vimpat is a cursed drug to me. Its helped with my seizures, but its not worth it for the side effects.I started it with Lamictal XR 500 mg. I had seizures at Vimpat 100 mg. At 200 mg, I was having extreme vertigo-- I couldn 't even lay down. It happened a few times, along with other side effects. The doctor balanced it out at Lamictal XR 400 mg and Vimpat 150 mg. I have double-vision at least one a week (mild to high), nausea frequently, vomiting a few times a month, and sometimes off balance. A mild vertigo has happened a few times. If I don 't eat it with a good amount of food, the side effects are almost guaranteed for me. It stops the seizures, but its not worth it.
I 've been taking Benicar HCT 40/25 for a couple of years my blood pressure has gone down. Then I started having trouble with some side effects rapid heartbeat and some thyroid issues.
Started on Trulicilty low dose last Thursday and 2 days in I got the chills and body aching esp my back and hands now I have developed a cough and the back of my neck hurts. I have to inject another dose tomorrow let 's see how it is hope this isn 't the reason why I 'm sick cause usually I 'm never sick and I got my flu shot. As I 'm writing this review review but now I feel like crap. But blood sugar is good fasting today was 93
My son has been on Concerta for about 4 years now. He started when he was 6 yrs and will be 11yrs in 2 weeks. He was put on this medicine starting with 18mg. Over time he was gradually put on higher dose as his age and weight increased. He is now on 54mg. Since my son has been on this medicine he has developed seizures because Concerta lowers the seizure threshold. He was diagnosed last year 2010. He has paranoia, fearfulness, psychosis, headaches, nervousness, aggression, mood swings, trouble going to sleep, and doesn 't want to eat a lot. He has had suicidal thoughts and depression.
I 've been on this pill for years and I 'm finally starting to question whether my mood swings and irritability are caused by the pill or just my personality. As others have said.. It causes heavy discharge in between periods and I still get severe cramps. I 'm going to stop taking it to see if my mood improves
I had tried Loestrin for about 6 months and didn 't really like it! I gave it a 5 because it was an effective method of birth control which was the main reason I tried it but the one thing I didn 't like was everytime I missed a pill I started my period. But the thing I hated the most was it would make me dry out during sex, SO EMBARRASING. Never again! I 've been off it for about 4 months and its still happening wouldn 't dare recommend it.
Although the drug 's effects reduces symptoms rapidly (I felt better after the first day on it), I had extreme possible side-effects (especially vomiting, long after the illness had passed) which seemed disproportionate to the benefits of taking the drug.This includes vomiting days after being on the drug.
Been taking Harvoni near 8 weeks. Stage 4 liver cirrhosis. Was really very sick and many doctors just didn 't know why. I had tested for Hep C two times in last 10 years and was negative. Dr says no way would do that much damage to my liver unless had like 10 years. Hard to say if side effects from Harvoni or liver damage side effects as similar. But tired and occasional nausea and headaches.BUT. This week had blood done myself and AST/ALT down from high 100 's to 35/45 which is normal range. Had been as high as 487 just 2o months aga. So it feels like a miracle to me. But many people have stated they got cancer from the drug so we have to see. My quality of life was dismal and so the risk is equal to my feelin. See Dr again in 2 weeks.
I am only on my sixth day of the titration sample pack and really haven 't noticed any improvements.  My doctor just took me off Cymbalta cold turkey that same day that I started taking Savella.  So, I would assume all the &quot;terrible&quot; feelings I 've been feeling are due to withdrawals from the Cymbalta.  My pain has actually been worse right now to the point of not feeling like even moving.  I still feel tired but not to the point of either risking just falling over from exhaustion or laying down for a nap right then, since I 've started the Savella.  I 'm sleeping okay at night.  One difference I have noticed is a feeling like I want to sneeze and my nose has been running like crazy but, could be due to allergy season. I 'll keep trying it.
The only side effects I have experienced are bloating and tender breast. I think my breast are growing and I think it is a downside because I don 't want them too. I didn 't notice any weight loss or gain. I had spotting which is normal but it is annoying I just suggest using pantyliners
I am on Carbatrol and Keppra and added 400mg of Vimpat about 1 year ago.  I do not beleive that my complex partial seizures improved over this time period. As side effects go its not a bad medicine at all, but I do not like the fact that I can 't remember simple words in the English language and putting together sentences is a little more tricky.
I had years of good pain control from oxycontin and was able to lead a fairly normal life. I have always taken it exactly as prescribed by my doctor. Now I am going to have to find some other way to combat my pain because of extreme stomach problems and general illness from the remade version. I have never had these problems in the past. I don 't know what I am going to do for pain now.
I wish I had not used this on my skin my skin is now damaged, thin and terribly wrinkled. I have taken care of my skin and now my arms look like I am 80.
My son is 6 and has been on this medication for a week and has shown improvement at school. He has been able to work independently on his work sheets and gets through his work faster. He is very smart but didn 't have the focus to complete a task but I have noticed he has loss of appetite and not going to sleep at night which is bothersome to me because he was always such a good eater and sleeper. So might have to look into other medicines.
I started taking this today went to the Dr they have me a steroid shot and then prescribed me this, cause I 'm breaking out in hives all over, it has helped a bit but still breaking out in hives and feel tingly, but the side effects suck cause I have a newborn to take care of and I feel wired. I feel sweaty and nervous, I pray this really works to get rid of my hives I 'm so tired of itching!
Was prescribed this after getting a boil drained by my doctor. I have been taking this medicine for 4 days now and I have 6 more to go. Thus far I have experienced an upset stomach, diarrhea, chills, sweats, and insomnia. The boil has got smaller but there is still fluid in it. Hope it goes away soon!
I am 48 &amp; have OA in both thumbs, neck, lower back, both hips, both feet,  &amp; both SI joints. I am prescribed Norco 10 's 4x/day &amp; Zanaflax at night. This is the 2nd time my pain management dr has given me samples of Duexis. It is simply Pepcid &amp; Ibruprofin so im not sure as to why some people would say it 's so bad,  unless they are have a drug interaction with whatever else they are taking. As for me it didn 't help anymore than just taking any other OTC pain reliever. On this 2nd time after starting my feet &amp; ankles have been swollen. I 'm gonna stop taking it for a while &amp; see what happens. Might just be a vein issue. My ins would not cover (medicaid of course)
sore extremely sore nipples moody tired so tired
I bled, oh did I bleed. I had baseball sized clots falling out of me. For months. Let that sink in. Got through that and started having irregular periods, never knew how long they 'd last or how heavy they 'd be. They 'd go away for a day or two and come back full force. No big deal. I had a long standing boyfriend and we dealt with it. The weight gain...oh lord. I gained close to 40 pounds in a year, despite being on a ketogenic diet and working out. I couldn 't shed it. I hated it. Then came the mood swings. When I say mood swings, I mean it felt like I wasn 't even being treated for my Bipolar (which was controlled for over a year btw). I was scared of myself, others were scared of me. I 'm done. Being removed 12/28!!! Couldn 't be happier.
I 've got one word that pains me to say...ACNE! I thought my acne subsided for good by senior year of high school but I 'm now 21 and experiencing major cystic acne again. And the beginning of the flare ups were about 1 month in to starting the nuvaring. This alone makes me want to get off it, but I 've also expirienced a definite emotional bump lately and I 've been extremely lethargic. It 's a shame too, because it was really convienient for me to use.
I have had the IUD for 3 years total. At first I had cramping and bleeding for the first two months, which I read is normal. But lately I have had other issues with the IUD. I have had severe cramping, bloating, mood swings, little or no sex drive and frequent milky white discharge throughout the day. I am thinking about getting it removed very soon because the cramping has gone on for 2 weeks straight, it feels as if someone is stabbing me in the lower abdomen. I am scared about getting it removed because I have never had a child but my doctor told me it was fine to have implanted.
Right now Ive taken my first pill today so far so good  I have about six cig 's left today then I plan on doing this with the help of the chanix  Ive tryed everything eles to quit and its never worked so this is my last try  Keep me in your prayers
This pill cause me to gain 10 lbs, strip me of my natural lubricant (dry during sex), abnormal discharge, and irregular periods (I wouldn 't have a period for 3 months straight. There was two pros to this pill which prevented me from pregnancy 100% and clears my skin of acne. I did stop taking this pill because of the amount of cons, I switched to a higher dosage bcp and dropped 5 lbs so far :)
I switched to this pill because I was on Sprintec before. It caused weight gain, and I developed several cysts on my breasts after 2 months of taking it. I rate Loestrin 24 Fe average. The Pros for ME: My period comes for only a day or not even at all. Cleared up all the acne on my back and chest, still break out on my face, but that 's normal for me. Cons: Reshaped my whole body, my butt/legs grew even bigger which are my problem areas. I gained 30lbs with Sprintec in a span of 6 months, but I took 20lbs of it off in a whole semester. On Loestrin, I 'm trying to lose the other 10, and I cannot lose weight (and plus I 've gained 5 back). I 'm constantly hungry all the time. I 'm going to the gyno next week and switching birth controls after using for a year.
Prescribed this after Effexor started wearing off after about 3 years. Started at 5mgs..it was working and I felt better than I had in YEARS but dose still too low..after 4 weeks doc upped dose to 10mgs. Felt like I was going to achieve remission. But into 3 week on 10 mgs...bombastic stomach pain! Not nausea..that 's to be expected. Not stomach aches. When I 'd take the pill, 10 minutes later, to get such a bad stomach pain to where I could not eat normally that entire day. Went back down to 5mg..but thoughts and sadness coming through. Tried 5mgs 2x a day...STOMACH PAIN. Back to 5mg but too low dose. Tried 10 mgs again..encased pill in bread to ease pain but seemed like the and normalcy went away and pain still there off and on. Stopped after 4 months.
Prescribed after a root canal.  After taking this for a week, I also started getting unbearable heartburn.  I wasn 't aware of the &quot;don 't lie down&quot; warning.
I have now tried Enbrel two different times. It worked really well the first few weeks and has gradually lost its effectiveness.
I am taking Bactrim for a minor staph infection on my leg. It is going away quickly. I am just experiencing fatigue and headaches. The headaches are probably due to dehydration because I am a runner too. I felt better after I drank more water with the medicine. Also I am experiencing a slight decrease in appetite.
I started with 30mg dosage and was increased to 60mg daily. It was helpful with the constant burning in my feet that is secondary to peripheral neuropathy. My dosage was increased after a couple of months to 60mg twice daily. I didn 't last a week! This medication has always given me increased sweating, especially night sweats! My doctor prescribed Hytrin (mostly used for hypertension and benign prostate hyperplasia) to combat the sweating and it seemed to help because the incidents of night sweats decreased. That all changed when my dosage was bumped up. I was having night sweats EVERY night and had a major increase of insomnia. I am getting 2-3 hours of sleep a night (or day because I work at night). I went back to 60mg daily and see my doctor tomorrow.
I am so tired of being too tired and I think it may be the medication.  I feel soooo much better, full of energy on the days that I forget to take ramipril.
Healthy robust 53 year old here....50mgs work great but on an empty stomach. Slower and less effective on top of food. Reaction within 30 minutes with better erections up to 9 hours later. Side effects. Nasal congestion, flushing fullness in head, eye pressure, sometimes increased heart rate and respiration. Poor sleep, next day fatigue and slight anxiety. I went crazy with this when I first started and took it every day for a week. Lots of fun. But it completely wore me out. No, it wasn 't all the sex. It really does affect you in a negative way with too much use. I find increased side effects if I take it near the time of thyroid medicines. I take it once a week or so and it 's worth the side effects.
HORRIBLE!....Before Skyla... I was on Jaz for 5 years until my Dr. said No more!. With Jaz I had chest pains, but never Acne and I lost 20 pounds while I was in it. So I decided to switch to Skyla.1. Insertion: I cant describe how painful it was. I thought I was gonna pass out/2. Never stopt bleeding then spotting for 3 months. After that it seemed that the spotting stop! ... Nope! the spotting stop, but my my periods from 4days turned into 8 days(not an exageration or lying) everything is on my medical records./3. I develop cysts &amp; fibroids, and the skyla hormone was feeding it/ 4. I developed the worse Acne ever througout my life. I never got Acne that bad, not even in the worse times of my life./5. Enough! when my period showed twice.
I 've been taking Restoril a little over a year now. At first they work wonders but when your body gets used to it it does not work anymore. Next time I see my Dr I 'm going to ask for something else.
Taking a 0.4 mg capsule resulted in side effects that made me want to stop taking Flomax. I now open a capsule and pour out half of the contents, resulting in a 0.2mg dose in the re-sealed capsule and another 0.2mg dose that I put into a tiny piece of dough. I am 62 yrs, had 2 types of radiation treatment for prostate cancer 7 yrs ago; am taking Flomax to counter the feeling of urgency to urinate   frequent urinations (due to the bladder not fully emptying during urination). Flomax side effects = headaches, insomnia, stuffy sinus; however I need to stay on Flomax longer (than 1 week) to make a definite conclusion. 7 yrs ago I had no bad side effects but stopped due to price of Flomax.
Got it prescribed to try and stop particularly heavy and long lasting periods. I also suffer from breast pain. The Mirena has stopped my period, which is a good thing, however I still get the severe breast pains and moodiness associated with pre-menstrual time, and have completely lost any sex drive. Also feeling ravenous and putting on weight (two dress sizes in a year).
Not sure yet.
Definite improvement in regularity, however slight feeling of tiredness and, fatigue which I hope will go away with time as I adjust to medication.
Currently on Crestor 20mg but I cut it in half and only take maybe twice/week and experiencing mild joint aches, upset stomach in the AM hours after taking before bedtime the night before. I also tend to forget minor things such as keys in the truck, lunch in the fridge for work but not to often. I am 44 years old and have been on med for about 3 years now. I believe I will ask doctor to prescribe a milder med if possible on my next appointment.
It took approximately 3 months for the Tegretol to have any effect. When it did it was almost overnight. Also found that taking Xanax with it helps tremendously (with Doctor approval of course). I take up to 3 mg Xanax with 3 times daily and 200 mg Tegratol 2 times daily.  It really works.  The burning has almost ceased.
My husband is prescribed 1 tablet a day in combination with Naprosyn. The combination does not give him full relief. He works in a steel manufacturing business that requires heavy lifting and he welds and is in awkward positions causing pain in his back. Diagnosed with arthritis.
I struggled with really bad acne on my face and back during high school. I was put on Claravis during my 11th grade year.I experienced extremely dry cracked lips and very dry hands. And getting pregnancy tests all the time was really annoying. But it did clear up my acne really well.....but unfortunately that only last about 2 years. Slowly but surely my acne slowly started to come back again. I just experienced one of the biggest acne breakouts I 've had in a really long time. Not quite as bad as before - but it 's getting really bad again. I realized that taking strong medicines that may claim to clear up acne but do no good for your body are not worth it. Acne can be treated with natural skin care methods and change in diet.
I had INTENSE period cramps and always had heavy periods that would last 3-5 days. The tri-spintec helped with a cramps and I have been on this medication for almost two years now, I have no sex drive and mild depression along with bad  weight gain and I play soccer and run 3.5 k almost every practice still couldn 't loose weight. And the main reason I got it was to help with cramps and chance of cyst on ovaries, now it doesn 't help with cramps anymore and I 'm not happy, I 'm switching to kyleena implant. Overall it was an ok method, never used it for actual birth conrtol, so no idea if it works effectively that way.
I have been using this pill for 3 years. I feel this pill helped clear up my acne. I have lighter periods and my cramps are not as bad. I would recommend this pill for anyone who has a heavy flow and really bad cramps. Now my period only lasts a few days and hardly any pain....I do however get really emotional and moody! And have a decreased sex drive. I 'm thinking about getting off of it because of my mood swings. Hope this helps.
On my second week of Contrave, and I have experienced bad headaches, to the point I am taking exedrine migraine every couple of hours. I have dry mouth but that 's a good thing, because I used to hardly drink water and now I drink a lot. I did notice that the cravings went away, sweets no longer call my name. I am going to continue to take the medication and see how it goes. I also called for the scale down program to get the free scale, and never received it.
25 yo married with no kids. I took Nora-Be for almost a year. Spotting and irregularity for the first 3 months, as expected. Periods became more consistent after that (and lighter), but I still had them every month (not a big deal to me). The thing I did have a problem with was the extreme mood swings and increased yeast infections. My doctor and my husband didn 't believe me about the mood swings, but I knew I wasnt *really* that emotionally unstable! I kept going with it because I didn 't stand up for myself, until I went and spoke to two different pharmacists. They were the first ones to believe me about the mood swings, so I finally got the courage to stop Nora-Be. I am on a different POP (for almost a year now) and no more mood swings!
So please don 't scratch rub or mess with your vag before using this product FOR YOUR OWN SAFETY anyways I got this product for the first time at first it wasn 't bad at all I did it during the day and then took a nap first mistake. So now I know why it says take it at bedtime because when you walk around it leaks and make you look like you pissed yourself. And as the day went on I spent a night at my boyfriend 's house BIG MISTAKE the itching and burning came back with vengeance OMG!!!! I tried to hide it from him that I was scratching and legit dying I could not wait to go home. And with all the scratching I did when I applied the anti-itch cream LORD PLEASE HELP ME NOW!!! It burned so bad and the monistat got my vag swollen and in pain
I started on this medication on July 7th 25mg at night for weight loss, the 1st night wasn 't to bad, now when I take it at night I can 't sleep. I just started today on twice a day some of these reviews scare me to the point that I 'm not sure if I want to continue taking this.  I don 't have memory loss and don 't want it and surely don 't want my hair to fall out.
I am 19 and used the Nuvaring for 5 months. I thought it was PERFECT! NO acne, bigger breasts, don 't have to take every day, only 4 periods a year, helped my mood swings etc. Besides a lot more discharge the only downfall (which is a very big deal to me) is that I believe I am starting to gain weight. I am starting to work out more and eat healthier yet still gaining a few pounds. I am quitting the Nuvaring before it gets too far out of hand. Very sad about it though, this birth control is perfect besides the weight gain.
I was prescribed this medication twice in my life. The first time it was only for 3 days in the pills form and the only side effect that I experienced was the metallic taste but by day three it was completely gone. However a year later it was the complete opposite I had flu like symptoms, extremely nauseous and the metallic taste is worse than before. This time I 'm prescribed to the 7 day pill and I 'm on day four hoping that the discomfort will subside. Although the experience isn 't the best the medication does work.
I 'm on my 2nd week of taking Aviane, and so far I 've been dealing with insanely annoying mood swings. I have been extremely emotional and it made my period last longer than it normally does. Also I got dizzy after my 3rd day on the pill and occasionally get a bit off balance. I 'm going to try and stick it out for a few months but after that, if I 'm still like this, I 'm going to see if I could switch medicines.
Prescribed after 4th lumbar fusion fail.Helps with sleeping in a painful condition
Got nexplanon in April 2016. was fine for first 2 months but had my regular periods, didn 't think much from it because at least I didn 't have to remember to take a pill. The 3rd month came and got my period for 16 days.. and then continuously with 4-7 day breaks. Light periods no cramps (normal for me) but more frequent. I 'm in my 4th month now and on my 21st day of my period.. it was light for the first 16 days and now heavier. I get headaches and I am lethargic. called my doctor to get it taken out but the cant get me in until december...that 's 3 months away! Not knowing how much longer my period was gonna last (doesn 't feel like it 's stopping anytime soon) called again and had to beg for sooner appt. I go in in 2 weeks. Don 't recommend.
I have Mirena for over 6.5 years due to my heavy periods because of uterine myomas. I just replaced new one over a year ago. I had natural delivery of 3 kids, so extraction even with hysteroscopy and insertion was a &quot;piece of cake&quot; for me. Did not sense anything. The plus sides are that it does the job and I have no excessive bleeding nor get pregnant or having any physical discomfort at all. However, I have several other side effects. Bad mood, low sex drive, weight gain over 25 kg and never gone down (I got 10 kg in first 3 months after first insertion), insomnia (cannot sleep at all without sleeping pill), my migraine have worsening, all body swelling - particular face and eyes (like I was heavy crying)......
On lithium 800mg, venlafaxine 300mg, mirtazapine 30mg and still nowhere near normal. Currently being treated for depression but have overwhelming anxiety. Am told that I have bipolar disorder. This episode of depression has been going on for 12 months. I wake up in turmoil and it goes on all day long, day in day out.
I 've been taking metformin for years but I 'm finding that different generics not only are less affected but give me more acid and G.I. problems. Teva was good but they stop making it.  Sun pharmacuticals/ Cacarowas also good  at contolling BG. WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS but I find the pharmacies are carrying cheaper generics particularly with the Medicare drug plan insurance.  I 'm finding that my blood sugar is not as well controlled and I 'm having more problems with  nausea and cramping though no diarrhea. I may have to switch  to something else I 'll see what the next A1 C is like
First and foremost you nee to see a specialist.  Note that with the introduction of outside or additional testosterone your natural production can slow, and or shut down.  This is why you need HCG.  HCG keeps your natural testosterone in production even with the introduction of extra testosterone.  Also a good estrogen blocker pill is recommended to keep test from aromatizing into estrogen.  To sum it up you need all of the following1. Androgel2. HCG- keeps natural testosterone producing, 3. Anastrozole Pills-Stops Testosterone from being converted to Estrogen
I took Solodyn for three years. I had been on Accutane the previous year, it cleared up my skin well, but then I started to get blemishes again. The Solodyn worked well, though I still had hormonal acne two weeks every month.  I was happy with the results.  Then, after about a year of being on it, I left for college and started to have very bad stomach issues. Overtime they worsened, but my doctors could not figure out what was wrong. I saw three different specialist, had colonoscopies, endoscopies, scans, tests, labs, etc. but no conclusions could be made. Then, my dermatologist decided to just take me off the solodyn to see if it had an effect. My stomach isn 't 100% better, but I can already tell a difference in my health.
Started with 1000 mg Metformin ( took one pill 4 times a day!) in summer 2015 - bad, bad diarrhea. Changed to 100 mg /day Januvia  - only had bad diarrhea - Late summer 2016 started in Invokana - Starting in November I 've had 3 yeast infections thru Jan 1, 2017. Also very thirsty - no hair loss - yet! - some leg cramping - painful in the calves of my legs - blood sugar control ok - I used to be 5.0 (for 10 years) on insulin. Then Doc said I 'm over 65 so my blood sugarts (A1Cs) should be higher so I don 't go low - but in all the years I 've entertained diabetes (since 1991) I 've never gone low - so I don 't understand this concern. Am seeing doc on Jan 9 - have to see where it goes from here - everyone is right about the yeast infections 
I found my experience on Pristiq to be similar to when I was on Effexor XR.  They are very similar medicines.  I switched to Pristiq after I wasn 't getting the relief from depression and anxiety anymore on Lexapro and Xanax.  Unfortunately, I 've had to discontinue the Pristiq after about 6 months.  It does help with depression but it was making me easily agitated/irritable and I 've had considerable weight gain.  I would take it in the morning and often have thoughts of suicide by the time i went to bed.  I have switched back to Lexapro but just added Wellbutrin XL and switched my anxiolytic to longer acting Klonopin.  I 've read this is a great combo and hope it works! Good luck everyone.
It seemed to work at first, and ended up getting a refill and using it for almost a month, but it 's been a couple weeks since my refill ran out and I have blood on the toilet paper again... Maybe it 's my own fault for not eating enough fiber while I was using Proctofoam, but still it 's frustrating.
rapid developed tolerance (stop working for me after 6 months),,, other SSRI 's not working,,, even prozac caused me insomnia and NO sexual drive at all ,,,, preferred amitriptyline as sedating ,less sexual side effects, anti migraine .
Xiidra helps me but not so much with my dry eyes , it  's expensive I just call Costco to reorder and I need to pay $350 with coupon ! , it 's not caovered by my insurance :(
75 next year and despite gym work, young attitude, good looks and bod (for 74) prostate and ED have been real problems for some time. Tried 5 mgs daily for almost 1 month, and prostate benefits not too impressive. Depending on mood (psychological issue?)  10 to 20 mgs good for ED if not a bit mechanical. May trial again for a while though price here in Oz  round $150 for 4 weeks @ 5mgs a day is no plus!
I am genuinely happy with this pill and haven 't had any problems with this pill up until now. I started taking this pill because of my excruciating menstrual cramps, excessive bleeding, and acne. I 've been on this pill for six months and all of my symptoms decreased.My period has been very regular since I 've taken this pill I always know when I 'm suppose to start my period. My period has never been late before but I 'm currently two weeks late. I 've read up about this and it is said that the low estrogen levels in this pill can make you late or even skip periods. Which is the one side effect I do not like because you can 't tell if your pill is working or you are pregnant which scares me.
Two weeks ago I was diagnosed with atrial fibrillation and put on medicines including Pradaxa. I have never been on any other blood thinning medicines, so this is all new to me.Almost immediately I noticed a severe increase in gas, followed a week later by loose bowels. Yesterday I developed heartburn that will not go away even with Tums and Zantac.I appreciate the suggestions about taking with food and lots of water. I take 150 mg twice a day. I was trying to take 12 hours apart, at about 8 am and 8 pm, but it looks like taking at breakfast and dinner is better. I have had an ulcer, hiatal hernia and GERD about 10 years ago that was finally improved by surgery. Sure hate to go back to heartburn again!
I have been taking Zoloft for Generalized Anxiety Disorder, Depression, and Obsessive Compulsive disorder. It has been seven months since I began taking it. I have been taking 50mg on weekdays, as it does not seem to change the effect of the medication despite what my psychiatrist has said. I feel as if it does significantly improves my anxiety, although I do have bad days. It has not seemed to significantly improve anything else; my Depression and OCD may have actually gotten worse.
I 'm definitely losing weight extremely fast with this medication. I took 25 mg at night the first 30 days and I 'm now on the start of the third month at 50 mg at night, also, 37.5 mg Adipex every morning. With Topamax I CANNOT eat. Everything I eat makes me sick. It definitely changes you 're sense of taste and smell which has pretty much stopped my smoking. So, there are huge benefits just the side effects can be a little unbearable at times. I 've lost 28.7 pounds in 2 months
I 'm 22, not sexually active and taking the pill as a form of prevention against ovarian and uteran cancers. I 've been on this pill for almost two full cycles. Before the pill, I rarely if ever had acne and prided myself on a clear complexion. Now, my face is a war zone, I have awful acne and acne scaring. It has been emotionally devastating and my confidence has dwindled.  Everyone in my life has noticed the drastic change. I feel embarrassed.  My dermatologist said it may take 3 or 4 months for my system to regulate. Overall, I haven 't had any other side effects, apart from weight gain.
This is what my doctor gave me. It was better then just going with out the medicine - it is a shot given by your doctor or nurse once a month below your belly button, it hurt but only for a second and it did leave little dot scars from where the needle went. I had treatment for 6 months and didn 't have any signs of endometriosis  but the down fall is that you do gain weight from the medicine. When I started I gained almost 20 pounds and I tried to maintain it during treatment. Doctor said it 's easier to wait until after treatment is over, then work on your weight. Zoladex does work.
I have had hot flashes and sweating while on this medicine which after a couple weeks have subsided. I am only half way through my first pack but have had a lot of emotional depressiom/anxiety since I started it. I was taken off of cymbalta and given savella. So far I haven 't had any more energy but I am going to give it 2 more weeks which will be a month
I am 59 years old and female . Had  or have  type 3. Had to take Sovaldi / Ribavirin treatment for 24 weeks. It was 24 weeks of hell, I think I had every side effect listed and then some. Seriously thought at the beginning the dose was so high I thought I would die, they lowered the dosage because my red blood cell count got so low I had to give myself shots of epogen to fix my blood. But treatment stopped in sept. And in november the hep c is not detected in my blood. But I still have lasting side effects , don 't think I 'll ever be my old self again. But right now I 'm still alive. My advice to everyone is, before you try it read everything you can and talk to your doctor about side effects ! No one told me anything!!
I started on Alesse when I was 15 and it was the first birth control pill I had ever used. The first night I got awful headaches, and they carried on for the rest of the week. After that, I became very moody and just about anything could make me cry. Honestly that was the worst part, I 've never been more moody and sad in my life. After about four months I began getting two periods a month, and I finally got fed up and switched pills.
I was on Microgestin fe 1/20 for 4 years. In the beginning everything was fine.  My acne from high school went away, I didn 't have anymore cramps, and very light periods.  Now that i 'm on my 4th year i noticed that all of a sudden I started getting cystic acne all over my chin area!  I knew that chin acne is a result of hormonal imbalance which confused me since I was on this birth control for years! My dermatologist recommended that I switch to Ocella since its better for acne.
Worked great for GERD. After a while of being on it, it doesn 't seem to work that well. I am on 40 mg 's/day and now have a stomach ulcer? 
After being on this for 18mo I am happy to try something new. Where to start? All seemed fine then it started to snowball. Mood swings (crying over commercials!),   NO sex drive, break through bleeding that lasted longer than actual periods (3 days period, &amp; 2 wks break through) &amp; increased headaches.  
I am hearted by the 6 reviews. I have just started on Deplin. I have been on Remeron for two years. I cannot tolerate serotonin type medicines such as Prozac, Lexapro. Remeron worked beautifully at first but effects have slowly worn off and my anxiety and mild depression returned. I pray Deplin will work for me and I can regain my enthusiasm and joy in life. I am happy for those of you who have been helped. Wish me luck.
I 'm on Day 8 of Chantix. I have smoked for twenty years and tried several other methods without success. My best friend is also taking it at the same time. The dreams are vivid. I 'm very tired. I 've also had headaches which are not typical for me. I 'm light sensitive and so dizzy that I feel unsafe driving or working at times. However, I 've continued to take one pill a day instead of the two. I 'm now on 1mg. I have noticed less cravings. I 'm so miserable that I 'm gonna stop smoking just so I can quit this medication. Oh and I forget, depressed. Wish you all luck!
Okay so this is my first time having a YI I 'm 17 and I was so scared at first! I told my sister my situation and she recommended the monistat 7 saying the others didn 't work. Well I 'm on night 4 right now and that pain is so horrible! The fact that you have to take the cream before bed makes it really hard for me to fall asleep. The pain gets so bad I have to distract myself so I won 't burst out into tears. This has been such a long week and I dread every night I have to go to bed 
Was using Uroxatral.  Rapaflo seems to work about as well, but I also have experienced very little or no ejaculation - very strange sensation.
As far as its intended use (Birth Control), it seems to be doing its job, however it did come with some side effects. I haven 't experienced any acne or weight issues but my mood / attitude has been out of control. I 'm a very level headed, stoic type of person but my emotions have been all over the board from crying for no good reason to outbursts of rage at the tiniest inconvenience.The one positive side effect I have experienced is extremely short, almost non-existent periods. But honestly, I 'd rather have a week long WWIII period if it means keeping my sanity. I plan to switch as soon as possible.
I was on Triumeq since Sept 2016 . Everything was fine, till I developed type two diabetes and doctor said one of the component of the medication can increase the blood glucose in your body. So now have switch me to Genvoya.
I 'm on my 10th week of the drug, and it usually takes 12-16 week to see the full effects.I apply it at nighttime, and sometimes apply a layer of moisturizer 15-30 minutes afterwards. It dried me out SO much in my first month and a half of use that I had to start skipping nights and use three layers of moisturizer. My skin burned when I would put on my lotion because it was THAT dry. I now use it everyday and still have 2-4 active breakouts at any given time. I also get A LOT of small whiteheads (those may be from shaving my face though) and I extract them myself, which probably isn 't a good idea. My skin is definitely better on the medication than off, I just hope the results are better in 2-4 additional weeks of use.
I saw the ad for Zecuity in a magazine a month or so ago.  The whole process to get the patches takes a long time, 3 weeks to a month or more.  I have migraines maybe every other month, but they can be severe with vomiting lasting two days not counting the migraine hangover afterwards.  I usually take narcotics and have Zofran for the nausea, but if I wake up with a full blown migraine the meds don 't stay down even with the Zofran The patch is complicated to set up, but it worked.  Sunday I had a migraine, it didn 't work as well and I have a raised red circular welt on my arm that itches like anything.  I am going to the doctor tomorrow so I 'll check it out with him.  I hope it works better the next time.
While this medicine seems to work well, it does have side effects. For me it is very easy bruising. I also had two cases of a broken blood vessels. The really scary part, however, is trying to stop. Do not go cold turkey.  I am now trying to ease off and am having anxiety attacks for hours.
I have been taking 100mg of Savella per day for about 6 weeks. Many of the side effects have subsided at this point and my fibromyalgia pain is minimal. However, my anxiety and moodiness has only increased. I occasionally take clonazepam, but it 's so sedating and addictive, I don 't want to take more than the prescribed 1mg per day. The first time in 10 years I have had minimal pain, but the anxiety and agitation are crippling at times.
Before tri sprintec I was on ortho tri cyclen lo. With ortho lo I had no side effects, light periods, and no pms. I got my ortho lo from a  family planning clinic that offered it for free to teens with no income. Upon moving to a different state that had no such program, I got a prescription and opted for the generic equivalent--tri sprintec. At first everything was fine and I did not notice a difference. After the first month or so I began experiencing noticeable mood swings that would occur during any time of my cycle. I also noticed an increase in nausea and acne. Part of it was the pharmacy 's fault for not giving me the proper supplement (tri sprintec lo) and throwing me on higher dose, but I 'd rather just pay more for the ortho lo.
I was diagnosed with IBS-C about a year and a half ago. No laxatives were working at all. I was first prescribed with linzess 145, that did nothing for me. Then my doc upped the dosage to 290. That helped a little more. Then he added Amatiza. I now have to take 2 Amatiza and a 290 for anything to happen for me. The bloating is insane and the water retention is unreal. Living my life constantly sick is no fun!
I 've been having problems with going to sleep at night for awhile now and saw unisom advertised on a commercial so I decided to try something for the first time ... I would say it kicked in about a hour after taking it - I still went to bed late just not as late as usual ... I slept the whole night through but in the mornings I would be more tired and still in bed until a little after 1 pm ... Not a morning person but I hate getting up that late after 11 is too late for me but I still be in bed tired - So that 's my only problem!
I have had the Implanon since August 2013 and had it removed yesterday at my GP.I have put on a ridiculous amount of weight use to be a size 6 since having it inserted I am now a 12.I couldnt cope with the irregular periods and they would last for two weeks.And then the Pre Menstrual Symptoms I would have them for about three weeks before my period which was horrible.I would cry all the time or be extremely moodyGlad I have had it taken out
I was prescribed 400mg to be taken 3 times a day for dental abscess and gum boil both of which didn 't clear up previously despite taking 2 full courses of amoxicillin. After day two I was awaken by severe pain around my infected tooth and had to to take codeine and ibuprofen just to not to go crazy (this type of pain is an absolute terror). I noticed a strange sensation coming from the affected area and realised it was the abscess actually draining. It just shows how powerful and effective this drug is. You will read a lot of mixed reviews and stories of horrible side effects but don 't get put off by it. it is safe and effective when taken as prescribed and it is better so suffer some minor inconveniences rather than indescribable agony.
In some people such as myself, benadryl will cause kicking of the feet all night long. For some it works great but be aware that some of us get nervous feet, which does not help when you are trying to sleep.
I had high LDL. This has increased the level of triglycerides since I have started taking it, doctor informs me that in a small amount if cases, triglyceride levels are increased. 
I had had my Skyla IUD in for over a year and just recently had it removed because it just did not work for me. Insertion was pretty uncomfortable but like previously mentioned in another post, it was doable (I 'm sure contractions will be a lot worse than that was haha).  Like I said, I had it for over a year and I had a period every month, most of which my period lasted 2 weeks! Cramping was worse for me while on the Skyla than on any other birth control. After removal, I 've been bleeding pretty steady the last few days and cramping which is supposedly normal. I loved the convenience of not having to remember the pill but I don 't think I 'll be getting another one anytime soon.
I just started taking Tri-Sprintec. I was recently changed from Orthro Tri-Cyclen Lo because of insurance. Orthro was absolutely perfect but I 've noticed during the first month that just passed by the last 2 weeks I was SUPER emotional. I could be super happy one second and the next second I was ready to punch my boyfriend for a silly little argument. I 'm hoping this all changes by the time I finish my 3rd pack if not will have to change brands.
Propranolol seems to only slightly help with anxiety for me. Sometimes when I get REALLY stressed my blood pressure and pulse will get pretty high, I find propranolol more useful for that situation.
Doctor and I, together, decided to begin copaxone 40 mg after having been on copaxone 20 mg for 6 years, gilenya for 6 years (survived viral Encephalitis after this drug).  Almost immediately, my joints began to stiffen and became painful ... so much so that lifting and using my hands is very difficult. It feels like I have arthritis in my joints.  The nurse and the MS clinic informed me this is a 2.7% reported side effect.  Now trying to detox my body.
I have been using Lyrica for 1 year or so for FMS. It has taken care of the larger muscle pains but does NOTHING for the life-sucking body ache that I have suffered with since 1978. Nor does it stop my back pain. I take hydrocodone to deal with the body ache/back pain. I have good days and bad days still, but when the day is good, very little muscle pain. Downside: I have gained a great deal of weight. Also there seems to be a great deal of fluid retention with Lyrica, a diuretic helps. 
Been taking 2 Simcor tablets daily. Was on 10mg Lipitor and 145mg Tricor. Cholesterol was okay but my triglycerides went over 500. Tricor has been added to Simcor now. LDL and HDL did improve.
I recently switched physicians and was placed on Bystolic after being on Benicar for over a year.  Benicar did not control my blood pressure; but since being placed on Bystolic I felt the difference immediately.  I had problems with palpitations, uncontrolled blood ptressure, sweating, hot flashes, and racing heart.  I am now much calmer and my blood pressure is under control.  The only side effect I am having (after being on this preescription for a week) is tiredness and a loss of appetite.  I do get a little dizzy about an hour after taking the medication, but Benicar did the same.
I got it two weeks ago, its wonderful, no weight gain so far. The only thing is I have been depressed for five or six days straight, im always tired, not to mention I snap quick at everything and everybody. My son doesn 't desirve a grouchy mother.
One. Just started for the first time yesterday my first day and woke up this morning feeling nauseous and major headache !!!!! I hope it goes away because this ain 't cool :((
I 've been dealing with IBS several years, to the point where it has taken over my life; virtually homebound. Started trying the FODMAP diet, which my doctor hasn 't even heard of, and was gaining some control over my IBS. Then he gave me some samples of both Viberzi and Creon. The first day I tried both meds, I was a constipated, drugged, crying my eyes out, basket case. It stopped my bowel movements all together. No BM the first day; stomach felt bloated and tight, and I was in a stupor. The Creon SEVERELY exacerbated my depression. Second day, I took 1/2 a pill of Viberzi only and had a really sedated feeling and slept the day away. Not as much belly pain. Thinking about taking 1/4 at bedtime.
Been on this drug for 2months now for PTSD, anxiety &amp; depression. 1st day took 100mg, got 6hrs sleep &amp; feel drowsy the whole day. Reduced it to 50mg, slept for 6hrs &amp; drowsy only At AM. After a week my sleep lessened to 4hrs. Twered it up to 100mg again. Sometimes I get 6hrs, at times 4hrs or less. It was never a straight sleep. I always get stratles &amp; unable to nap at noon time no matter how sleepy I was. Everytime I get 4hrs or less sleep, I get panic attacks &amp; just feel so tired. Doctor told me to increase it to 125mg. Still get 4-6hrs sleep and palpitations.  I paired it with 1/4 rivotril for 5days now &amp; get 8-9hrs. I feel refreshed &amp; energized the whole day. No more panic attacks and palpitations. But with 125mg alone, I 'm a zombie!
I 'm on day 3 of this prescription. I 'm still unsure of any side affects or effectiveness. I 've taken adipex many different times, over the last 5 years. I could always &quot;feel&quot; when it was working. This definitely doesn 't suppress any appetite for me, like the adipex did. As of now I don 't understand what it does. I 'm hoping as I increase the dosage, the medication will begin to help with the weight loss. I have noticed, however, that I am very tired after taking it. I 'm also taking 25 mg of topamax in the morning, and 25 mg at night for headaches, as well as 20 mg of Prozac for anxiety. My doctor said they were all ok to take together, and that one wouldn 't cancel out another. I will update after a month on Contrave.
A GYN prescribed Brisdelle - it 's a low-dose Paxil (7.5 mg) for hot flashes. This Doctor stated that unlike other SSRI 's, I would NOT have complications or side effects going on/off them - in the case of running out of supply. This was NOT my experience. After 3-4 days of stopping, I noted an odd sensation connected to my eyes. I told my opthamologist about a &quot;swishing&quot; sound I heard with any movement of my eyes. I finally found others reporting this all over the internet. This also happened in a previous year with Sertraline (Zoloft) - this  'after quitting ' side effect lasted a very long time - maybe a year or more!  THE DUMBEST, MOST WASTEFUL PACKAGING ON THE PLANET. WHY NOT SIMPLY MAKE 7.5 PAXIL IN A SIMPLE BOTTLE?  Pink? Come on!
Tastes awful. Better to drink it all down in one go rather than taking small sips. Shat myself a little later cause I thought it was only gas. Spent the next 45 minutes shitting liquid.
Took two tablets before bed and was up from 4.30am with the worst stomach cramps.  An hour later I passed what I needed to in three sessions.  The cramps continued for another hour but they did work well.  Will never take two again though.
I 've been having seizures for the last two years, after being free from seizures for 5 years after temporal lobe surgery. I 've had a seizure about every three months. Each seizure was worse then the previous one. Last year when I fell complications caused kidney failure. This has passed. I was on Lamictal and Keppra was added, and both were increased, without any change in seizures. 4 months ago I was taken off Keppra and Vimpat was added. 600 Lamictal/400 Vimpat. It is a strong medicine, in the morning I got very dizzy and unbalanced with double vision.  I complained and my dose was split up 3x a day and I feel much better. 4 months free of seizures now, I 'm simply waiting for the next seizure, hoping not.
I 've had it for almost a month and haven 't stopped bleeding or having cramps. I keep reading that it 's good for women who have heavy, painful periods, but the adjustment time can take up to six months. It 's been a full month and everyday has been like a light period. I 'm hoping it stops, and the period goes away altogether like I 've read. The transition has been difficult though.
2nd review (2nd month on trinessa). In my first review I gave a 1star because I got TONS of cyst acne in the first 3 wks of taking Trinessa. I 'm now on my second month and my cysts seem to be slowly disappearing or at least shrinking and I haven 't gotten any new cysts. I 'm starting to feel a bit more positive with this BC.
It 's amazing not having a period every month but there are some down sides to this pill. It took me about 6 months to not have spotting. I had a lot of spotting for several days at a time when I first started, but now that has stopped. I started getting these big red pimples, that my dermatologist called cysts and said this pill may be the cause of them, since I never had them before. I also gained 20 pounds. I work out regularly and my diet hasn 't changed. The plus side my breasts got bigger.
This is far from the godsend every one else has claimed it to be. I 'm two months in and have witnessed almost no results, other than the zits are less large and less painful. But in no way are their less zits. As an added &quot;bonus&quot;, my acne scare like never before. The scarring is impossible to get rid of and impossible to cover up. My acne was only moderate, so I had expected it to work. I 'm frustrated, and disappointed. This was my last hope.
Calmed me down enough to talk to the Psychiatrist and Social Worker when I had been detained under section 136 but didn 't feel it very much and wore off quite quickly. Not as good as Diazepam
I have been on Seasonique for almost a year now and have had no problems until just recently. The past couple of months I have been extremely bloated (to the point where I thought I was pregnant and took a pregnancy test) and have been very exhausted. I stay tired all day and no matter how much sleep I get I just want to lay in bed. I have also been bleeding very heavily for over 5 weeks now, and I am no where close to the time I 'm supposed to bleed. The cramps and bleeding have been heavier/worse than I 've ever had. 
I beg of everyone to think twice before taking this pill. I am 20 years old and took one of these a couple years ago after being constipated for a week, and remember laying on my stomach holding onto my bed for dear life with all four limbs- swearing I would never take one again. I proceeded to go to the bathroom for hours- in pain unlike anything else is experienced. This month, I was on vacation and had barely gone to the bathroom for 24 days!! So I decided I 'd try this before going to the doctor! I woke up last night with such bad stomach cramps almost not making it to the toilet before throwing up and pooping myslef at once!!! Puking black stuff up- which I am still very confused about!! I have not moved from bed all day, sick as a dog!
Cymbalta worked for me for years and then, all of a sudden, just stopped working. This is day 8 of Brintellix. Suicidal ideation went down significantly but side effects are awful. I 'm hungry all the time and thinking about food the minute I finish eating. Also, I haven 't read this as a side effect before, but I believe I 'm having some sort of allergic reaction as my limbs won 't stop itching. I even took Benadryl for a couple of nights but without much relief. Is anyone else experiencing a similar side effect.
I have been on xulane for 3 months now and I love it. Before I started my periods were bad with headaches, cramping, and heavy flow, after the first month my periods dwindled and now I only need light pads, I rarely cramp and have maybe one headache. However I do get some redness and irritation on my skin, trouble with the patch adhering to my skin and also my eating habits have changed dramatically, sometimes I 'll be starving and when I see what I 'm about to eat I lose any urge to eat. I would recommend it but be sure you remain aware of your body.
I didn 't remember that I was allergic to vigamox and thats the same class of drugs as this medicine. For the first 3 days I was fine and it worked to clear my symptoms but this morning I woke up with this weird muscle pain and I couldn 't really sit without a weird muscle being stretched. So I switched to another antibiotic. helps with symptoms and clearing infections but seems to make people hurt. they should take this off the market.
This is a very intense antibiotic with persistent side effects. I have been on this medication for one month and continue to experience nausea and vomiting. I have been fortunate to not experience reddening of my saliva or tears, but other body fluids have changed. My hepatic enzymes have more than doubled baseline values and continue to climb. It does its job well, but it is a tough 4 months to get through.
I 'm starting on my 2nd set of Euflexxa injections..  My first series was 6 months ago.  I didn 't think it helped my knees very much but thinking back over the last 6 months, I 've had  very little discomfort in my knees.  I 've hiked and played tennis all summer so maybe it did work!  I 'm just now feeling the discomfort returning..so I 'm now going in for another  'round ' of shots . The shots are not painful for me...just a little uncomfortable but not real pain. My insurance pays for the injections.   I 'm 62 and have bone on bone in both knees.  Just hoping to put off TKR for a while.
This was an effective form of birth control because it completely killed my desire to have sex.  When I did, it was sometimes painful because I could not get sufficiently lubricated or aroused.  It also fell out during sex but not very often.  Otherwise, I experienced no weight gain or hormonal issues.
Been on 2mg once a day for just over 4 months. Mostly wiped out my anxiety and panic attacks, but does nothing for my waves of agitation and irritability. I was reluctant to try it because of the weight gain. Now I regret it, as I have gained 50 pounds!!! I am the heaviest I 've ever been and hate it. My pdoc wanted to raise it at last appointment, or try me on another antipsychotic (I didn 't realise how heavier I was at that point). I 'm gonna choose the latter option when I next see her. The weight gain on this is worse than quetiapine (which I also came off for the same reason).
my bp goes up when i lay down giving me insomiia. This med helps me go to sleep but not stay asleep and I sometimes have vivid dreams on this med but I still think its worth a try.Iit does provide a relaxing feeling
Taking Anastrozole for three years after lumpectomy and 6 weeks radiation for stage 1BC. Lately, joint pain has been intolerable. Sometimes NSAIDS help. Exercise helps but hard to do when joints hurt to begin with. Also, can 't go a whole day without having to lay down from feeling so tired. Completely fell apart on vacation.  Was  simply incapable of walking up a hill. So short of breath, knees and lower back pain unbearable. I had to stop every few feet and hold onto something. So far no evidence of recurrence. Will report all this to oncologist, as not sure I can continue this daily struggle. 65 feel like 85.
Olanzapine is great for bringing down a manic episode but can hinder recovery as it made me feel so depressed.  On 2.5 mg and going to come off as it makes me so low and depressed. I sleep  for about 15 hrs and have no interest in anything.  It 's helped with my anxiety but would rather feel anxious than live with the depression I am counting down the minutes till the day is over. Previous have done this and have felt better within days, longest I 've stayed on it this time but also longest I 've felt depressed. Will let you know how I get on
Taking this medication along side Clarithromycin really caused a bitter metal taste in the mouth... It caused me to produce more spit in my mouth and turned the color of my stool to turn pitch black.... It is prescribed for 14 days being taken 2x a day. Currently on day number 5 and hoping the taste will subside. Here is to a happy health and better stomach.
Having nauseous feelings, dizziness, clouded distorted head as if hung over, every day at noon time and lasting rest of day!Just started taking 30mg at night along with Wellbutrin and trazadone that I have taken for a couple years now.Not a good feeling. Going to call Dr to see what I should do.
Hi all. I am still on the fence on Lemtrada. I know there is no magic pill. It has slowed down the flares. My symptoms seem to have progressed. I guess it is fair to say maybe my expectations were too high?? It has been 7 months. I will update this if I see a shift. Very glad others had good experiences. Baby steps. Thanks
Started the 19th of July!! Felt so nauseous that I thought there is no way I 'm going to do this!! Well I started again on Friday the 28th so I 've had four consistent doses and it 's not that bad now. I 'm still eating but I feel like I want a glass of milk. I 'm only taken in .6 mg so 'll we shall see!! I am very hopeful! The reviews were very helpful. Thank you all :)
Coming onto this medication at first I didn 't notice anything in particular. I was on the train and I just noticed that my disoriented thoughts and feeling super nervous calmed quite a bit. I did notice I didn 't talk as much as I did before I started the medication. It helpsx with my depersonalization. But at the same time it adds fuel to my underlying depression that I had in the past. At the same time I believe that 's a good thing. Because it 's helping me heal hidden broken parts of myself. It especially helps when talking to my therapist about my past. I hate how tired I am, as I am typing this I think I yawned at least 8 times. Delayed orgasms suck as well...but sometimes I take a day off from taking one pill so it 's okay.
My doctor prescribed 25-50mg of Hydroxyzine with Lexapro to help me sleep. I 've had Panic Disorder, Social Phobia and severe anxiety for 20 years (I 'm 30). I 've been taking Hydroxyzine for a week; the first night I did 25mg. It knocked me out but kept waking up every 2 hours. In the morning I had severe dry mouth and felt hungover. For each night since, I 'm still waking up every 2 hours but not having dry mouth or feeling hungover. My anxiety, however is greatly reduced. Tonight I will try 50mg and see what results I get. Overall it 's a great drug, but my rating would be higher if it did the job it was intended to do.
I was given a 10 day prescription after sinus surgery. The pros are 1) I only have to swallow one pill per day 2) It doesn 't bother my stomach (other antibiotics have in the past) and 3) I 've not gotten a yeast infection. The con is that it seems to totally dry me out. I take it in the evening, and my mouth/nose/lips are incredibly dry regardless of the amount of water I drink all night long. It is uncomfortable enough to keep me awake. I also experience dryness during the day, but not the same severity.
within the first two months on acutane my acne got much much worse but after that it got much bettter although it did leave behind many scars due to the severity of my acne because of the medicine in the first two months ... if I knew this would happen I would 've just let my acne play out without the acutane
Works great, almost immediate.
I sleep 18-22 hours a day. Dr. Prescribed this medication to help me sleep less. It was a miracle at first. I started to eat like never before . It does help to stay awake (very subtle). After about 35 days on it, I started to sleep more and more. Doctor changed dose to 15 mg twice a day. Eating out of control and I was very unaware of my maniacs. I 'm now on 30 mg twice a day. Mania has slowed, eating is still over indulgent. 
Had Implanon 08/08 - 08/11. From the start, I had spotting/full period 3 weeks out of the month, then two months a year I would have zero spotting or no period at all. No bad side effects until the last year. Started having cramps, heavier periods, and bad mood swings. Over the 3 years I gained 65lbs despite a healthy diet and exercise routine. When seeing my doctor last week to remove it, she instantly commented on the weight gain and said she attributes it to the Implanon. The bleeding and weight gain were just not worth it. It was inconvenient so I am switching back to the pill.
I 'm a middle aged woman.  Along with my first hot flash about 10 years ago, came the weight gain.  Since 2008 I had gained about 50 lbs.  Then, in the summer of 2016, I was in a clinical trial for Dasotraline. By the time Phase 1 had ended, I had gained 30 lbs, now weighed 225.  I 've tried every combo of diet and exercise through the years,  I threw in the towel and was basically waiting to die. About 3 weeks ago, my head popped out of my butt and I decided I deserved to be happy and healthy.  Back in the gym, clean eating, and no diet soda.  The scale did not move. I had my physical.  Doc prescribed Qsymia.  Insurance did not cover.  My 1st weeks was reduced to $60 not free!!  I 've been on for 3 days.  No changes yet  I 'l keep you posted
I got this bar almost exactly a year ago and have gains 20lbs don 't get me wrong I love the no periods and all that but if you don 't want to gain weight I wouldn 't recommend
I 'm tempted to leave a crappy rating for this type of birth control since I did experience negative side effects, but it did do it 's job of allowing me to continue to beat teen pregnancy so I had to give it a little credit. Honestly, Microgestin Fe 1/20 makes you feel like you 're the size of a killer whale at all times. BLOATED as anything. Lost lot of energy... aka walking five minutes away to class was like practically climbing Mt. Everest. Also, if you don 't take your pill with food, you 'll feel about ready to vomit for the rest of the day/night. Gained a whopping 6 pounds in one month while taking this bad boy. Not blaming my weight on the pill itself, but the intense hunger pangs it caused me to have without me even fully realizing.
I have taken this for about a year. I have lost about 40 lbs. I am taking it to help depressed moods. I also have to take the brand and not the generic. I will have late onset asthma with the generics and other unpleasant side effects. I tried more than once to use generics but it won 't work. So , give it a try if you can afford the brand name. IT makes a big difference. I also found that all my migraines disappeared while taking this. What a relief that was. 
Been taking it on and off because I have high blood pressure. However I am a college student and I suffered from severe drowsiness during the day. I was precsribed 0.1 mg at night. I slept well but during class I was so sleepy I found it difficult to stay alert. I stopped taking it and currently I am on break from school. I restarted the clonidine and I was hoping I would get used to it but I still feel drowsy during the day. On the other hand my blood pressure has still been high its been 4 weeks and I am taking it religiously. I plan to discuss this to my doctor on my next office visit. I am afraid that she is going to increase my dose. I can only imagine how much more drowsiness I am going to feel on a higher dose :(
I have been on Savella  more than  ten years.  I take 100 mg. twice a day.  When I first started, it did help me.  Now, I 've been having a terrible time sleeping, dry mouth, constipation and ALL of the &quot;other&quot; side effects listed.  I never would have believed that this was WHY I was having so many negative side effects...especially since this is NOT the only medication I take. At first it was just the sweating....now ALL the side effects are bothersome.  I am definitely going to talk to Rheumatologist about titrating off....also having a sleep study to see if this is indeed the problem.  Sleep Study Doctor has said that this medication after so long, WILL interfere with sleep and other problems.
I had a 2 month sample to try from my midwife because I was tired of taking a daily pill. The first month, I was extremely irritable, angered quickly for no reason. I felt bloated all the time and I started breaking out. After the first month, my skin cleared up, and I went &quot;back to normal.&quot; Overall, it is a great concept, but I can never keep the NuvaRing in place. It constantly moves around and will sometimes stay by the cervix, and other times will fall down and  feel like it 's going to fall right out, which I can 't stand. I constantly have to go back and push it into place, which is very irritating. My husband said he couldn 't feel the ring during sex, but I could feel it moving against my vaginal wall. I am going back to the pill.
I am prone to UTI 's and never had a problem with this drug before.  Took my 2 doses on the first day, with what I thought was no problem woke up on day 2 vomiting.  Around 11am I tried a piece of toast, and took my 3rd dose with that. I was then okay til about 4:30, when I was sick again.  I have skipped doses 4 and 5 and am waiting to hear from the doctor about calling in a different prescription.  
I have been on Lo Loestrin for about 3 months now. Before this one, I was on Safryl. I switched because Safryl was giving me horrible side effects. I like Lo Loestrin, however, I don 't love it because the spotting between periods has not stopped. I haven 't gained weight, if anything have lost some. My face is clear and my sex drive is okay, not like before, but i haven 't lost it. In my experience, this pill has more positive than negatives. I was also diagnosed with PCOS and Hashimoto 's Disease. Birth control pills don 't have the same effect on everyone. My GYN had me complete a hormone test before prescribing me this pill. He wanted to balance my hormones out with the pill and it looks like he did. I 'm hoping the spotting goes away.
I was prescribed this for a nasty spider bite that got infected. The infection started getting better after one day but the nausea is 24/7. I could hardly eat anything and had trouble sleeping because of the horrible feeling in my stomach. Was prescribed 2 pills a day for 10 days. The pills were large.
I 'm 18 and have had pretty awful acne since I was 12. My doctor prescribed Tri-Sprintec mainly for the acne, but also for period regulation and birth control. In the 2 weeks I 've been taking it, I haven 't experienced any of the mood swings or breast tenderness/growth that others have. I 've gained a few pounds, but I 'm home from college and so eating poorly and not exercising, so I can 't really blame that on the birth control. My acne has gotten 10 times worse since starting, with lots of breakouts on my forehead, chin, and around my mouth which used to be completely clear. As frustrating as it is, I 'll stick with it for a few months and hope that my body adjusts and the acne clears up!
I was on Celexa for about a year, gradually had my dosage increased from 20mg, to 40, then to 60, the max. Seemed to help a bit at the beginning of each change in dosage. I had no major side-effects. My crying decreased but I still felt hopeless and depressed most of the time. Not for me.
I was taking Ambien 15mg for awhile but my body built a tolerance to it.  Over 2 weeks ago my doctor changed my prescription to Lunesta 3mg.  I finally got up the nerve to take it after doing all the research.   This is the first I have taken and I must say the aftertaste after about 5 minutes of taking it is absolutely HORRIBLE.  Even breathing in through my mouth or nose heightens it.  It strongly reminds me of how my mouth would taste after taking chemotherapy for cancer.   It 's causing a horrible flashback for me.  This will be the first and last Lunesta I take.  You also can 't eat or drink anything as it tastes horrible too.  I guess I will have to go back to Ambien.
Have been on Xanax since I lost my brother. I was thirty-nine. It helped with grieving, especially while working. Through the years I 've been prescribed Xanax for sleeping .25. Through the years I 've developed Fibromyalsia which one symtom is sound, refreshing sleep. After consulting specialists and pain mgt, the decision was use Xanax along with Prozac to get to sleep and stay asleep. Now , after I moved I went to a new dr who refuses to prescribe Xanax. He used the term I am too &quot;old&quot; to keep taking Xanax. Worked fine for many years, now he is changing my mode of life. Today he prescribed vistaril. Will see tonight if I can sleep. He initially cut the Xanax I was using by 2/3. I was prescribed take 3 -.25 mg at bedtime. Hope it works!
Started taking Victoza again,  first time I couldn 't handle the side effects (weakness, tiredness, nausea) Now, back on the 15th of August, only taking 0.3, and I feel great, appetite isn 't completely gone, but my craving are declining day by day, as for constipation I drink a glass of chocolate milk for snack. As for nausea I wear a band for motion sickness.
I first was prescribed this for my irregularly long painful periods, I would bleed for months without stopping. This first helped an enormous amount. I have been taking this for around 2 years and over this 2 years I have gained 30  lbs. Recently I have experienced random bleeding when any pressure is applied to my abdominal area. Although it works at stopping getting pregnant, you get what you want out of this bc it 's not worth what comes with it.
I used miconazole 7 to treat a vaginal yeast infection. The medication treated the symptoms great, by day 2 the burning and itching had almost ceased so I continued treatment. On the fourth day I started bleeding heavy enough to wear a pad.
I only tried this pill for barely under 3 weeks because I couldn 't take the side effects anymore! I might have been allergic to something in the pill. The final time taking it,  itched my legs for 10  straight min, causing me to break out in hives. Among the other issues I experienced on Microgestin was chest pain, body soreness, breast tenderness and moodiness. This pill was a nightmare for me. Except it caused my period to be very light, which was awesome. Switched to Tri-Sprintec and so far (1 week) it 's been fine.
I am 39 years old, have never been pregnant and had my Mirena inserted a month ago. I got it hoping to get lighter periods and an increased sex drive. I had been taking birth control pills, which can negatively affect your sex drive.I took a Xanax and a Darvocet before the insertion and still found it quite painful with cramping for two days.  Then I had spotting and mild cramping for a week.  Now I have been bleeding almost as heavily as a normal period for about a week (longer than they used to last).I am very excited for this adjustment period to be over and to stop bleeding. As for side effects, my skin is actually clearer than before and I%u2019m always moody anyway.
Been taking Harvoni near 8 weeks. Stage 4 liver cirrhosis. Was really very sick and many doctors just didn 't know why. I had tested for Hep C two times in last 10 years and was negative. Dr says no way would do that much damage to my liver unless had like 10 years. Hard to say if side effects from Harvoni or liver damage side effects as similar. But tired and occasional nausea and headaches.BUT. This week had blood done myself and AST/ALT down from high 100 's to 35/45 which is normal range. Had been as high as 487 just 2o months aga. So it feels like a miracle to me. But many people have stated they got cancer from the drug so we have to see. My quality of life was dismal and so the risk is equal to my feelin. See Dr again in 2 weeks.
Remeron worked great for my insomnia and also eliminated anxiety better than any other medicine I have tried.  HOWEVER, it made me hungry constantly.  The resulting weight gain resulted in diabetes and high blood pressure and exacerbated my sleep apnea. I had to stop taking it because of these adverse effects.  Unfortunately, I 've not found an acceptable alternative.
Well, today makes day 2 of taking Contrave. I am on Spring Break and want to monitor my side effects. Day 1 I was still hungry and with cravings. Day 2 took around 10 a.m made eggs with cheese, salmon croquette with a biscuit. I was only able to eat 1/3 of the egg..no biscuit, and took me 30 minutes to each a small portion of the salmon. So, I will come with an  update in a week. I weigh in as 5 '4&quot; 251 lbs with no clothes. So, in a week. I will update you all. No activity currently involve.
I just take this the week of my PMDD and it helps with the mood swings and the irritability and agitation.
Went to my doctor because I needed to lose 40 to 50 pounds. I have been on Contrave for three weeks and have lost six pounds. The only problem is my doc gave me Xanax as this keeps me calm as the Contrave makes me anxious.This medicine is not worth it. It makes me feel very wired. I guess I should have known when the Xanax was prescribed.
Thought I was going okay. Feeling the best I had in awhile. But, what it has done now is destroy my self confidence. I have no word retrieval, memory black spots. I value my intelligence, it sometimes feels like all I have left.
So I 've just had my IUD for about 2 weeks now. The cramping is no exaggeration. It is very painful and does feel as if it was a contraction coming on. My period has lasted now for about 12 days and doesn 't seem to be subsiding. I will give this a try for 3 months and if theres no improvement will need to change to a different method. I have a 22 yr old and a 14yr old and the only good thing about the paragard is the fact that I don 't have to worry for 10 yrs.
I started Zyprexa 6 months ago after I was hospitalized to the psych ward and diagnosed schitzoaffective, I 'm also bipolar.  It has been pretty darn good, makes me sleepy which is good for bedtime, I get between 8-15 hours of sleep a night. In July when I was in the hospital I weighed 98 pounds, I have gained 30 pounds since, but Im worried I 'll keep gaining more weight, which is why I am thinking of looking for other medications that can treat both the ups and downs and the delusions and hallucinations. Other than the the major weight gain, its good.
As far as helping me with my migraines it helped out a lot. I had absolutely none after 3 weeks of taking the medication, however it made me feel like a zombie throughout the day and for some reason when I didn 't take it exactly on time I wouldn 't be unable to fall asleep at night. I also gained a great amount of weight. 
I took Bactrim 2x 's a day for ten days (should have been 14 days). The first ten days, no problems at all. On the night of the tenth day I itched all night and woke up with a rash all over my body. Dr. said to stop taking the Bactrim. He gave me two doses of steriods (40mg a day for 2 days) and benedryl. I quit taking the Benedryl on day 3 because the rash had cleared up. The next day it began to spread again. I have been taking Benedrly for seven days now and when I dont take it my cheeks get very &quot;rosy&quot;. I would love to know how long this stuff stays in your system. Even the mfg. says you can have a reaction up to 2 months later. Thats really scary!
I 'm taking these pills for almost 2 months and I have spotting almost non-stop. Other than that no side effects. I will stop taking LoLo if my spotting will not stop by the end of second pack
I took quasense for about 3 years and the first two years I loved it. I have tried at least 4 birth controls (oral contraceptive form) and this one was the first to finally work for me. However, within the past year I have had some awful things happening to me and my obgyn thinks it is due to the estrogen in the pill. I had a weight gain of 7 pounds within a week &amp; a half. During this time I was exercising &amp; barely eating to try and get back down to my normal weight. However I only continued to gain weight. I have had so much hair loss this year &amp; now have 4 distinct bald spots. Crazy mood swings, I 've had my period for 2 months straight now, &amp; I 'm extremely tired. Today I had the IUD &quot;skyla&quot; inserted so I hope everything improves soon :(
So I am giving the paraguard a 5. I had my first child almost 3 yrs ago. I got the IUD put in 3 months after delivery. It did not hurt that bad to insert just a lot of pressure and mild cramping after. The reason I chose this IUD was because I had tried several b.c pills in past and always had issues with hormones. Overall it served its purpose but I did have side effects I just felt tired all the time, anxiety, bloated and some more severe period symptoms in the beginning, I also started having a lot of chronic back and neck pain and just felt pretty shitty all the time, not healthy. I decided to take it out this past week after having it almost 3 yr. I already feel better more energy less bloat and it 's crazy but my back pain Is gone!!
Age 37, diagnosed with bad UC at 12, recent years only flares up 2-3 times/year. Currently fighting first bout of the year with pentasa suppositories, taking 1-2/day. Has stopped the bleeding and going less frequently BUT awful headaches (as with Asacol/Salofalk foam enemas). Note to self/others who are sick of drugs: I have found (25 yrs in) that it IS possible to be symptom free if you properly and consistently take care of yourself. This means plenty of rest/sleep, camomile tea/water, gentle exercise, meditation (mindfulness is a clich&eacute;/buzzword but there 's a lot to it), steamed veggies/rice, avoiding sugar/alcohol/dairy/caffeine (going gluten-free can help some people too) ... I intend to cure myself completely one of these days!!
Just took first dose.  Mixed with water and didn 't breathe while drinking, so didn 't taste it.  Took me 4 long drinks, separated by swigs of Zevia Lemon Twist colorless soda and 3-5 minute pauses. Chewing Double-mint gum right now - so far so good.
I took two pills, as directed, in the afternoon and by the evening I had cramping. Nothing MAJOR, but enough to keep me uncomfortable. I kept feeling like I had to go to the bathroom, but couldn 't. Around 8:30 pm I finally found relief with a BM. Unfortunately, it didn 't end there. I have severe runs and have gone to the bathroom several more times. It feels like my stomach acid is burning my anus. I mean, it DID the job, but at what cost? My bottom is burnt. I recommend this as your absolute last resort.
I tried Belviq for Two weeks great med but no insurance will cover it. Coupons only 20 % out of pocket  $265.00 for just for 1 a day dose.
When I first took it, it worked great...I even slept through 2 nights in a row! I haven 't done that in so many years, I can 't remember how long. But, I got a bladder infection within the first 10 days and since then, have had little to no control once again of my overactive bladder. Am hoping that maybe given a little more time, the pills may kick in again.
I 've been on nexplanon for 6 years and had originally to go another three years but I 'm getting tired of constantly bleeding, acne, weight gain and mood swings. When I got this put in I weighed 105 lbs now I weigh 145lbs and have zero confidence because of it other than that I 'd probably keep using it.
Prozac was the first medicine I tried for anxiety. I tend to worry a lot and obsess over things. I felt a decrease in my anxiety but it made me too lazy. I didn 't want to do anything except sit on the couch and watch TV. I was even too lazy to eat which caused me to lose weight. I then tried Lexapro which I gained weight on but felt a significant decrease in anxiety and now I am on Cymbalta and do not feel a significant decrease in my anxiety and am thinking about talking to my doctor about trying something new again.
I was put on Sutent (37.5 mg) after chemo failed to stabilize my liver metastasis. Sutent helped to shrink the tumors but the side effects were too many. I got blisters on my hands and feet, my hair turned grey, I had diarrhea and gas all day. Overall my quality of life was severely compromised and it was even hard for me to walk. Finally they changed my medicine to Afinitor which did a good job without any side effects.
I have been taking these pills for a few months now.  I have been experiencing major sweating issues. I sweat through most of my clothes and experience &quot;hot flash&quot; type feeling through out the day.  I did like that this pill has made my periods extremely light and they only last for about 2 days.  That is nice but I am not sure if I can deal with the excessive sweating.
Just took this about 17 hrs ago. There was a bit of intensified burning and itching but not any worse than the discomfort the yeast infection was causing me. I iced my labia and vulva which helped a lot. Haven 't seen any improvement yet, hoping to feel at least a little better tomorrow.
My doctor prescribed me doxy yesterday. I was prescribed it because no topical a were working on my moderate acne. No matter what I did the acne kept coming back! These past two months have been the worst of my acne, and I finally decided to get an oral antibiotic. It was this or accutane, and I wasn 't about to go down that crazy accutane path. So I got this and heard some great stuff about it! Lots of people saying there skin cleared up in about a month and that they saw results in the first week. Some people say that they got an initial breakout from it... That 's not true. This is an antibiotic to treat pneumonia, maleria, acne etc. if it caused a IB than everyone would breakout on it. I 'm hoping I 'm right! Wish me luck :)
The first month I was on the patch, I bled for the entire month and was completely miserable! My second patch also fell off 10 minutes after I put it on so I had to use my third patch and then wear it for 8 days because I had to get my next prescription a week early. The next month, my period was lighter but I got it twice, both shorter than my usual 8 day cycle. This third month, I 've had unbelievable cramps that no medicine will relieve and incredible nausea. On the bright side, I 'm not pregnant, though I 'm not sexual active, and my acne has cleared up a lot. Not sure if it 's worth it though.
Been on 20mg a day for about 8 months now after trying several that did not agree with me. All seemed to be fine till two days ago, massive break down of suicidal thoughts. Began anti depressants after the deaths of mother and father 3 months apart. I think I was put on medication prematurely and think I was actually just starting the grieving process. After meds I never went through it, suddenly I 'm grieving and crying uncontrollably like I just lost them today. I will be weaning myself off the meds slowly.
I was on it for 3 months when I stopped because it was $368 a month even with my insurance(I have a high deductible plan) after about a month being off I asked my dr for something else. He told me no because it took us so long to find that. He provided me for samples for the next 6 months. It was like a magic pill for me as far as my depression it even helped my anxiety to the point where I wasn 't taking Xanax anymore. But it defiantly lowered my sex drive which has almost cost me my marriage. I also gained a total of 25lbs. After being on the medicine for about 6 months it seemed that it just stopped working. The depression is back and one some days worse than before and the anxiety has been so severe I had to go to the ER one night.
I am currently on day 2 of macrobid, 2x daily for 5 days. Pharmacist was sure to emphasize to take macrobid with food to prevent nausea. So far, I have no nausea, but have developed a terrible headache. I must say, that pain of the UTI was gone within two hours of taking my first dose, which is worth it to me. So I 'll be sticking this one out and hope the headache doesn 't worsen.
Well, I 've been on the 5g daily tube of Testim for a week now, and I 'm beginning to wonder when/if I 'll see an impact. The Doctor didn 't share my T number, except to comment that it was low. The pharmacist didn 't have a lot of instruction on how to use it, except to rub it into my forearm...WRONG: Shoulders, according to a DVD mini disk that I found...very helpful.  I 'm not sure what the value of washing off the gel or showering after two hours is. I DO smell it initially, and have read all the warnings to keep it off others, women, kids, towels, etc... but why would I want to wash off the medicine?  It may just be my imagination, but I find I am thinking of sex more (fantasizing) but have not touched my wife since starting this yet.
I 've been using this drug for almost eight years and have absolutely no complaints except every year no matter what I do I put on a lot of weight. 
It works very well for me as a rescue medicine. If taken mid panic attack it definitely helps to calm me; however, if I take it before I am going to be in a situation that I know will cause anxiety it doesn 't have much of an effect to keep me from having an attack.It definitely makes me sleepy.
I have been on Irbesartan for 8 years and usually have no problems apart from the usual lightheadedness when getting up, I developed a cough 5 years ago which initially got me worried but now it comes and goes. It gets worse on the change of environments - cold-warm and vice versa or when I come in contact with dust, pollen or some perfumes. I get fed up with it but it keeps my Lupus at bay so am happy to put up with it.
I hope this gets posted. Norforms vaginal suppositories have cured my recurrent BV !!! I used them every other day for a month and I finally have my normal vagina back !!!
I got mine inserted early January 2016.I 've been constantly bleeding for two months since it 's now March. I 've read it takes about three to four months for you body to get used to it so I 'm giving it a chance. The bleeding is extremely light so it 's not too much of a pain.Other than the bleeding, I have not gained weight aside from my own doing by eating fast food &amp; not working out. After starting to workout again, the weight is falling off so it 's not due to the Nexplanon.I don 't break out, get headaches, or mood swings aside from when it 's time for my actual period.I 've always had a high sex drive so it wasn 't affected at all. I 'm going to cal my doctor to see if I can take that &quot;combined&quot; pill to help the bleeding! I 'd recommend!
I have been on and off of this medication since Feb 08. My skin infection keeps coming back.
I started this pill when I first had my son. It was great at first and I experienced zero side effects. Then everything hit at once. My periods are almost constant, I 've gained a crazy amount of weight even though I do heavy cardio 4 times a week and eat a healthy, vegan diet. I really liked this pill but it 's inconvenient for long term use. I really can 't wait to discontinue using it.
Prescribed for 10 days for a UTI, took about 5-6 days to actually start working for me. Had diarrhea (common side effect with all antibiotics) but went away sooner than expected. No other negative side effects.
I took this BC for 4 months.  The first month was great.  My skin cleared up, I had no weight gain or other side effects.  By the end of the second month however I felt anxious and irritable.  My breasts were painfully tender and I had alot of discharge.  I stopped taking it by the end of the fourth month.
Okay, first I will say the good. This medicine got rid of my depression for the most part very quickly. I had been cutting myself and was close to trying suicide, they switched my medicine to this and I was MUCH better. However.... every single time I take I end up insanely nauseous within minutes and end up throwing up for about three-four hours. As much as the medicine helped, I am going to have to change it due to this because I can 't spend hours throwing up every day while being a single mom trying to get things done.
Soo I have unprotected sex June 25 and immediately took the pill on the 26th but I was suppose to get my period on that day and now it 's the 28 and I still haven 't gotten my period???? I know I 'm just freaking myself out but I think it was just the pill that is making my period late... Hopefully. but I am absolutely having no side affects thank god. Just gotta be patient and stop stressing myself out!
I 've been taking the generic for 3 months. Glad to see other posters talking about the groggyness and sedated feeling the next day after taking it at night.  Just a few breakouts that are gone by morning along with my energy.  The one thing is I take it at night and can 't sleep for about 2-4 hours after taking it.  
I was put on Lyrica by my anesthetist for post operative pain control following a revision of a Dupuy metal on metal hip.  Has certainly helped the pain in this and the other hip and reduced the muscle spasms I was experiencing.  However side effects have increased with use and I have severe visual disturbance, foggy mind and forgetfulness.  I was on 150mg 3 times a day and tried to stop.  Big mistake severe cold turkey with shaking nausea and panic attacks.  Now trying to come off slowly but really struggling with the side effects.
Do not drink alcohol when taking this medicine!
So I got the implant in July of 2015. At first I was feeling okay, but after a couple weeks I think I became depressed. I get very moody and very impatient really fast. I don 't get as happy as much anymore. I get periods, but they are very light and once a month 4/5 days. I 've gained at least six of seven pound from the implant. I also got weird discharge at first I talked to my gyno about it and she said it was perfectly normal with the implant to have darker discharge. The implant works very well. I think I will probably keep the implant in for a couple more months to see if the side effects get better or go away.
i 've been on nexplanon for 8 months now, and i really don 't care for it. it 's made me gain 20 pounds. at first it didn 't make me want to eat at all. also the first month i had a period for 3 weeks and i haven 't had a period since which is nice but it just doesn 't seem normal to me. sometimes it pinches me sometimes n hurts my arm. i personally would rather be back on the pill. going to get it removed soon.
Been on April for about a year. My sex drive went down horribly low in the past 12 months to the point where it became a problem. Acne is moderate, though a bit worse as it used to be on my previous pill, but definitely better than what I would have without any pill. My weight fluctuated a lot in the past 12 months both ways, but I wouldn 't say it 's pills ' fault. Periods are regular and painless.
Experienced some dizziness at first, then felt a nervousness or anxiety feeling inside for several hours after the dosage.  First time using this medication, and need more time on it to be sure of these problems. Was taking Advair previously with no effects (except better breathing ability).
Once more scan done in the last week of Nov 2017. No changes, it is stable. Hope this continues. Life is continue without any side effects, all daily work is going one.Started with some YOGA and breathing excercises.
I still take ibuprofen daily on top of the Mobic.
36. Depression on and off since 15yrs old. Tried diff Meds. On Welbutrin for 5 years and felt like it stopped working. About Aug 2015 I was crying constantly so switched to Prisitiq 50mg began Dec '15 and crying stopped. But so did all of my other feelings. I Feel nothing.  Plus zero libido. zero. That is not good for a marriage. Thankfully hubby supportive.  Quit taking Dec 30 Dr warned me cold turkey would not good but trying. Feelings coming back but too bad just sadness right now.  Wish I never even tried this. Tears are better than no feelings.
The medication seems to be working okay, the only thing is that the clindamycin leaves such a bad taste in my mouth.
I started using microgestin because Aygestin and Ethinyl Estradiol just wasn 't working. For the first couple of months everything was good. Around month 5, I slowly started to have mood swings. Sometimes I cried for the smallest things. Then I started to get depressed. Not too long ago I noticed certain pants started to feel a little tight when I put them on. I completely have NO SEX DRIVE. My boyfriend doesn 't understand what I 'm going through. I just about done with this medication.
Abilify helped me at the maxed out dose of 30mg. I noticed that it made my manic episodes be more contained, however, when I was depressed it dragged me down deeper. I actually was suicidal. It was a real painful thing since usually my manic episodes are a lot worse.
I took my first dose last night, and I have felt like I have had a bad hang-over all day. Maybe I should take half the doage until I get use to this.
I 'm on day 6 of this medicine only issue I 'm having is nausea I have no other issue with it I notice some symptoms I had are gone the smell and discharge isn 't as bad anymore so hoping when iIgo back to my obgyn for retest that everything comes back clean
Norco just made me woozy and did not really help with the pain of my broken ribs. 
I love how easy it is but in 9 months I have gained 20 pounds and am getting really sad. I don 't have any bleeding at all but I worry about the side effects on my weight and attitude.
I would NOT recommend taking this medication for longer than a few weeks for insomnia. It works amazingly well at first, but then, over the course of time, you will need to up the dosage to get the same result. Over time, you will find that the medication makes you groggy and can cause weight gain. Then, when you try to get off, it is very, very hard. I was only on 50mgs for 6 months, and it has taken 2 months for my sleep to occur naturally more than in 2 hour increments. Overall it made my insomnia worse.
I 've been taking Apri for 5 months now in hopes to clear my acne. There has been zero improvement! Although everything else about Apri is positive. No weight gain
I was diagnosed for OCD 20 years ago, went on zoloft, prozac, paxil and celexa, none of them worked in a long run. So I stop taking meds, but at times, I would get depress for no reason for weeks. I have constant thoughts running in my mind, mostly I am sad, and small things can make me angry, sensitive to sound(phone ringing, door bell, people talking). Now I was diagnosed as Bi polar,and was put on Lamictal 25mg and after 2 weeks increase to 50mg and than 75mg. Thoughts process was gone and was feeling happy. Anger and sensitivity to sound were still there.        But 6 weeks on Lamictal, I had sore throat and than running nose, sneezing, flu type symptoms and than I notice rash on my chest, so I stop Lamictal. anyone with similar experi
I have been on this pill for over three years. It has regulated my period, making it faster and lighter. It help controls my acne. It 's helped prevent pregnancy. CONS: I get severe migraines to the point where I take over the counter headache relief like candy and still doesn 't help, sometimes end up vomiting from the severity of the pain. I was overweight (230) when I started it, and I gained more weight within the past three years (260). I exercise by walking on a treadmill for 45 min everyday and I eat pretty decently for a college kid. I have not been able to lose any weight, despite my efforts. I never experienced cramps before and I don 't while on this BC either.
I use Alesse for my acne, I didn 't have that bad acne but I started 3 months ago and my acne got worse since then and won 't totally clear up. Some days my face is not that bad and sometimes it 's bad and it bothers me since before taking this pill my acne was controllable. I think this product is not that helpful for acne, well that 's just for me but I don 't know about others, everyone is different and has different skin.
I 'm not completely done with the first month and I got a period. It 's longer than my usual periods and heavier. I thought it was gone and then it came back. I have noticed some change in my skin being dry and having some acne problems, which I 've never had before. What 's the point of being on birth control if you can 't have sex because of all this period business.
Not able to determine true effectiveness because within a week of starting it caused severe nose bleeds so had to discontinue use. 
Really noted a mood lift by day 4...I am now taking week 3 and the RX..it seems to not be as effective.  (Today is day 4 of week 3) This is certainly a change.I am here online to ascertain if there maybe some differences in the manufacturer etc. As I am very disappointed. I 'm at 2 mg.
well I got my implant about a year ago it was bad at first my period was ongoing for about 5 months then it stopped then I just recently started to have my period every week it will only stop for 2 days then go again. I have been reading and it turns out this implant can cause you to be sterile for the rest of your life. I have been wanting to take it out but I can 't I mean I do want to have kids some day. Now doctors are recommending for there patients not to have this implant because it has been causing a lot of women to not be able to have any kids even after a long time without the implant in. Don 't get me wrong its amazing but if you ever want kids just take the pill.
Very easy to take a pill form medicine vs injection. I experienced very low white blood cells with terrible headaches, body aches, tiredness and nausea after taking the medicine for 4 months. I am slowly feeling better after just two weeks without any medication; I have an appointment with Dr. next week.
I have been on Humira for nearly a year now. At first my rheumatologist was having me inject myself every 14 days, but that was not as effective as we would have liked, so he upped it to every 10 days. I kept it that way for a couple months, but my pain still was bad sometimes. So now he has me injecting myself once a week. Overall I think I 'm having some success with the Humira, but I still feel quite tired and have days when my hands and back hurt too much for me to perform my job at work and do things around the house. My finger nails look better, but I 'm not sure if the Humira has the ability to help that. I did have clearing of some of the plaques on my skin, but recently I have noticed that they are returning again.
I started taking Arimidex about 4 - 5 months ago as a breast cancer patient.  I 'm supposed to take it for 5 years.  The side-effects I 've experienced are: insomnia, hot flashes, headaches, weight gain, joint pain, and severe loss of grip in both hands. My hands are stiff in the morning and evening, it 's just crazy.  Well, even throughout the day.  I asked my oncologist about this and he said it was arthritis, which I do NOT believe.  The onset was too quick.  It was about 6 weeks after I started taking the Arimidex then the hand stiffness showed up. 
I might have taken to much but  it gave me symptoms of a stroke after 7 hours  in the ER they said my levels of T4 were really high I think it was 7  as  I had been on the 90 mg day from 30mg so maybe I went up too fast
I been taken Actos 30mg since a year from now and my sugar lever went down but not enough, then my doctor changed it to 45mg. Is great for my sugar level but my legs, feet and ankle can not handle it ss too much swelling.
I find it hard to say if it has really helped my pain and find that my anxiety level has increased as well as having suicidal thoughts.  
I have minor seizures and have only been taking this medication for 7 months. Everything seemed to be going well and then I started losing concentration at work. (I work at a 911 center). Any error that I make can be crucial. I thought I was just having moments of memory lapse and sometimes felt like my head was cloudy or moving slowly. It actually just occurred to me that it could be this medication.
I am finishing up my first month on it. The first two weeks were rough. I started my period on the first month and it was very heavy. My doctor had prescribed me with it to control my migraines and periods. So far no migraines and less acne. My breast have grown a whole cup size though.
My doctor had switched me to to Trinessa (as it was completely covered by my insurance) about 2 years ago. It cleaned up my acne gave me soft beautiful skin. Light periods. And my cramps went away. But about 6 month ago I noticed I was getting pimples at the time of my period. No big deal because the went away at the end of my period. However the last couple of months I 've had really bad breakouts on my chin and they are not going away! I guess every good thing comes to an end
I 've had T2 for over 10 years.  A1Cs increased to 7.1 from 6.2 while on janumet 50/1000 2x/day.  Dr put me on invokana 200mg 2x day.  Fasting dropped after 2 weeks to 120. Drinking lots of water which has prevented yeast infections. I was concerned about the black box warnings and amputations.  Now in 7th month and my right is so achy..  My dr reassured me that that this drug is safe.  He also stated that  his &quot;drug rep&quot; confirmed that clinical trials must include amputations from auto accidents unrelated to the medication.  Yes my Dr really said that .  Going to stop invokana and changing doctors.  Good luck guys!
34, no children. I hate hormones but finally gave in due to abnormal uterine bleeding and the hope Liletta would stop my periods. It releases a slightly lower dose of hormones than Mirena which is why I chose it. Had 4 lidocaine shots and insertion was still painful but not unbearable. I 've had it for 5 weeks nows, I bled heavy with clots and terrible cramps starting right after insertion for nearly 3 weeks. Then it lightened up to just bleeding during the day but I was still using 3-4 tampons a day. Now I 'm finally spotting, with no bleeding in the evening or overnight. I had horrific breast tenderness, moodiness, some bloating but no real weight gain. Also a bit of acne which is very annoying. If my periods stop/lighten I will keep it.
After having my IUD removed, I decided to go with a short term birth control so I could try for a baby within the next couple years.  It got put in in October 2016. By mid December I was having unexplained bruising on my legs, symptoms of bronchitis/asthma, weakness, and coughing up blood. In February 2017 I was finally diagnosed with Bilateral Pulmonary Emboli and congestive heart failure and was hospitalized for a week. I was referred to a hematologist to figure out why I got the clots, being that blood disorders or heart disease does not run in my family.  The Dr finally concluded that it was due to the new birth control I had so it was taken out by March of 2017. I guess I was the unlucky 1 in 100,000 to have severe side effects.
So...I had my 2nd baby and followed my same routine as before...had my 6 week check up, got on the mini pill b/c I am breastfeeding...then start having sex and going to the gym again...YAY!!! I gained 16 pounds in 3 weeks taking Eerin. I finished my 1st pack and never picked up my next prescription. I have an appointment to meet with my doctor to discuss taking other pills or the Depo shot. I have since lost all the rapid weight I gained.
The first dose I used of this Monistat cream applicator, was one of the uncomfortable and painful experiences of my vaginas life. I had used the ovule before and had experienced NO discomfort. The cream applicator was the total opposite. After inserting the cream, 5/10min went by until the severe burning kicked in. It last at least 30 minutes.  The only thing that kept me from crying was reading everyone else 's similar experience. Thank God for you other women who shared your same stories! I am currently on my 2nd dose and it is so much less painful. If the first dose was a 10 in pain, the second was a 2 for me. It seems like it 's working! So hopefully the pain was worth it!
Was on Geodon for about 9 months. Felt good but developed inability to comprehensively integrate new learning.
Methocarbamol is a poor man 's Soma at best. Soma is by far the reigning champion over all other muscle relaxers. Soma has been around since 1959.
I have an tooth infection. Have been taking amoxicillin since last Friday and today is Wednesday and I still need pain pill.
I tried the Nuvaring. This was my first form of any birth control. This was very easy to put inside and very easy to take out. I didn 't feel the ring ever. I thought it was amazing until I started to get huge deep pimples. They were impossible to get rid of. 
I just started taking this BC 3 weeks ago. (First time being on birth control) my period came a week ago and I 'm still spotting. My cycle usually lasts for 5-6 days and it has always been irregular. But I 'm not liking that my cycle length has increased. Other than that I 've only had minor headaches compared to my usually intense headaches so that 's a plus. And I get nausea once in a while, no vomiting though. I 've decided to wait 2 more months to see if my symptoms or side effects change for the better..
Only on day two but I am cautiously optimistic. Day one I was amped like crazy and felt no desire to eat until my stomach was practically eating itself. Took dose at 6am. Ate a snack at 11:30 and a third of a salad at 2. By then my stomach was pissed and cramped for an hour. I had a persistent bad headache that carried over to today. To be fair, I am also fighting a head cold so I assign blame to that more than med, for now. Dinner was a small fruit and granola bowl. I bought a cookie and only ate one bite. Did not desire any more. Today again 6am. I forced myself to eat at 7:30 and felt much better, less amped. No cramping. Small lunch again, really just eating because I know I need to. Cravings are way down. Headache got better as day went on.
Really good experience with stronger dose. Now on lower dose and after a year or so the effect is nothing like as good. As atrophic vaginal conditions increase with age, it is obvious that what once worked well will no longer be effective at lower dosage. It is a shame that so many women will have to suffer this painful condition because of a shiort term study of a very small sample of women.
My psych started me on latuda about 6 days ago. I am 32 years old and have suffered from manic bipolar depression for many years. Also with a touch of OCD and severe anxiety. Before latuda I was on ativan for my anxiety. My Dr started me on 40 mg of Latuda and the obvious side effect of nausea did come. But its rather tolerable. My Dr told me there 's a trick. Take it after dinner. After a couple days I have begun to get terrible restless leg syndrome. Talked to my Dr and he put me on klonopin to take 1 hour after latuda. Last night it didn 't work. Overall, my mood is still wishy washy. I am however getting up and doing more. With my depression I haven 't been active in sex with my husband as much neither. Let 's hope that changes as well.
Have had nexplanon in my arm for a little over a year now. No problems with the insertion. It is very effective. Didn 't use a condom. Sex at least once a week and haven 't gotten pregnant yet so thats why I give it a five star rating. Side effects for me were slim in the first couple of months but soon after my mood definitely changed. I cry over everything now. I 've experienced mood swings, appetite increase and decrease, some days I can 't stop ranting.  I have gone from occasional depression to depressed all of the time. Can 't sleep.  Anxiety all day long. Dizzy. Fatigue all day. Longer periods. Never had anxiety attacks before, do now. They 're becoming more frequent. Getting it removed
I just started taking these pills about a month ago, I 'm about to start my second pack. The only side effects I 've had is slight nausea the first week I started taking them. My breasts are swollen, I still break out, and have had a lot of spotting initially but now I don 't. I don 't have any mood swings. I feel sleepy even though I sleep plenty. That 's about it.
I too progressed from Gabapentin to Lyrica, 100mg 3x a day. I have chemically-induced neuropathy from 6 months of chemo.  My hands and feet are numb, tingling, like they are asleep.  Lyrica is supposed to be an advanced form of the Gabapentin, though I have seen little difference.  I have increased appetite and some swelling in my hands and ankles.  I continue using Lyrica because I need something for the hot shooting pain.  This was the last med prescribed for my neuropathy.
I was using the birth control ring for 5+ years.  In May, 2016 I switched to the Ortho Evra patch. I was given the Xulane birth control patch, the generic form of Ortho Evra. I 've not had a single problem. . .  UNTIL NOW!  The first week of March I put a new patch on my lower abdomen. Within 6-8 hours I had a raised, burning, itchy rash under the patch.  I 'd never had this problem before no matter where I place the patch. I removed that patch and put a new patch on my upper shoulder. Within 5 hours another raised, itchy burning rash under the patch. I removed that patch. Now I have two square raised, red, burning, itchy rash spots!!  Needless to say I have to stop Xulane. Not sure what to use now.
I just got the Skyla today. So far I 'vE had horrible cramps, but I guess that 's just my body getting used to something different....the procedure was okay the dr told me everything he was doing. I felt ALOT of pressure. When I jumped the Dr told me it waS him touching a nerve. That hurt like a anything. Especially when he was measuring me. Never felt pain like that in my life. He told me to not use tampons or have sex after the first 7 days.. he said if I do have sex he can 't guarantee I wouldn 't get pregnant. Didn 't go into detail about the tampon tho...wonder why?
My teenaged son is congested from February through June. We live in the part of Texas where you can actually watch the cedar pollen pods explode (literally). I was so excited to hear all the promises of Dymista, but every squirt caused him to have crazy sneezing fits - like 15-20 in a row! We kept trying for 3 days, but he was miserable with the sneezing. Haven 't seen any other reviews mention this, so I guess we are just special : /
Was prescribed cipro 2x/day with Flagyl 3x/day and they seemed to work although not as quickly as other reviewers.  Not sure if it was the cipro alone or the combination but nausea was the main symptom.  I would be fine for a few hours after the Flagyl but within an hour of taking the cipro I would have to lay down due to nausea and exhaustion.  Still taking it and counting the days.  Hopefully will not have an occasion to use this again.
Reclipsen pros prevents pregnancy, clear skin, regular cycles. Cons weight gain, extreme mood swings, longer periods, depression, nausea, increased appetite, frequent yeast infection/bacterial vaginitis combination. I will finding a better match for me. I was taking Reclipsen for about 1 year then stopped taking it and all my cons went away. I lost 15 pounds with no change in activity and my yeast infections and mood swings stopped.
I had the mirena for 8 months, from the moment it was inserted I was in pain. About three weeks after getting inserted I made a trip to the emergency room for what I thought was a really bad UTI, turned out to be PELVIC INFLAMMATORY DISEASE. I was held in the hospital overnight to be given a morphine drip due to how much pain I was in and multiple rounds of antibiotics.... for those that don 't know what PID is It usually occurs when transmitted bacteria spread from the vagina to the womb (uterus), fallopian tubes, or ovaries. The doctors say that when it was inserted it caused an infection which then spread due to it being so far up. I ended up with it again 2 months later. Had horrible sickness and weight gain. No period though.
i have tooken 100mg a day for almost a year now , i was suposed to do it only 3month but when i stopped it came back so my dermatologist kept prescribed it to me .. it worked good for about 7month and now it looks like its all starting again ... the pills dont work for me anymore
There were many positives to Alesse (I was on the generic - Aviane). This was about my 4th or 5th kind of BC pill, as I tend to have issues and side effects with most others. The only side effects I had on this were spotty, random periods, and acne. I can handle the breakthrough bleeding, but the acne was just awful. I have acne prone skin, and Yaz totally cleared it up, but made me gain weight. When I switched to Alesse, I lost weight (not entirely due to changing the pill) but my acne came back horribly. I am going to switch soon. I didn 't have any mood swings. I have some cramps during my period. It didn 't mess with my sex drive (Yaz killed it). I would recommend this ONLY if you don 't have issues with acne.
The symptoms made me feel pregnant constantly vomiting always wanting to eat always nauseous couldn 't really do much for a week and a few days. My breast became tender didn 't want to be touched it made me feel horribleAfter a week and 2 days I took it off couldn 't bare with it anymore
I recently went to the doctor to have a physical because I 'm turning 50 this year. Well everything was a okay except for the thyroid numbers were wrong. So she suggested that I take this medicine. Its only been 5 days so have to see yet. I 'm a little under normal weight and its hard to keep it on. I eat a lot but that doesn 't work so I 'm hoping this will.
I started Phentermine a week ago tomorrow and have only lost 1 lb.  I am reading all these stories and getting a little worried. Did it take a few weeks to start working for anyone else. I do notice I am not as hungry and have cotton-mouth all the time. I go to the doctor tomorrow. Update will follow.
I 've had a yeast infection before, however, I think this is the first time the medication actually bothered me. I do remember my first yeast infection being the worst (symptom wise).  I usually use a 7 day CREAM with the applicator and no side effects (generic brand/never used Monistat)   It cleared up around the 3rd day. This time I picked up a combo pack with the suppository and 2% cream.   The first insert of the suppository made me realize a burning sensation.  It wasn 't really painful, but it was mostly irritating. The same thing happened on the second one. I did not wash it off, however, my go to for vaginal relief has always been Vagisil. Even if I buy the YI treatment, I ALWAYS use VAGISIL for the exterior discomfort. USE BOTH!
I have just finished my first month on Nuva Ring. I am unable to take regular birth control because of high blood pressure, and so far no problems from Nuva Ring. Also, I have migraines regularly and didn 't want to try a IUD or anything inserted in my arm.  The only problem I have had is when the Nuva Ring is out after the 3 weeks, I get VERY heavy menstrual flow and bad cramps. This is unusual for me, since I usually have a 2 day period with light flow. Don 't know if it has anything to do with the Nuva Ring or with having a baby 8 months ago. 
The medication itself works which is the only positive thing I can say.   This &quot;needleless&quot; injection is so much more painful than any needle I 've ever experienced.  I 'll be going back to real injections.  My leg is still throbbing in pain 30 minutes later and it took over 5 minutes to stop the bleeding!   I 've never had pain or bleeding with an Imitrex shot through a hypodermic needle.  Who would choose this?
I have only been taking this medicine for 7 days and all I have been having is cramps. I have never had any problems with any other birth control. This is the only side effect I have had after only 7 days of starting it.
I have been taking generic Adipex since Dec. 2015. I am 5 food tall and was 211 pounds. The first 11 pounds came off quick. Then I got down to 195. Now I am back up to 200 and can 't drop the weight. My energy level is a lot better though. I don 't really eat that much. So maybe my body is holding on to what I do eat. Who knows.
I am 16 years old and started this birth control a month ago. Got pretty bad nausea and headaches the first couple weeks but it went away. I don 't take the placebo pills for my period week because they make my period worse and going off the placebo seems to help. I started my second pack yesterday and took a double dose because I skipped a day. Woke up this morning, vomited profusely all day. If it gets worse, I 'm going to the hospital.
Panic attacks are greatly reduced, depression persists.
I&rsquo;m on the fourth week of Vienva and have experienced nausea, headaches, mood swings, spotting and bloating! Hopefully these symptoms pass after three months like they say! I hate birth control to begin with because of all the symptoms and I always experience all of them but what are we supposed to do? 
I have dealt with both anxiety and depression the majority of my adult career. I was previously on Prozac 10mg, and had a dosage increase to 20mg but I experienced no significant change and could not stay consistent with the medication. After discontinuing the Prozac, I felt I could deal with my Anxiety without medication. Boy was I wrong.. symptoms got worse..-uncontrollable crying-dry heaving - no interest in doing anything -tired all of the timeI finally got evaluated by my provider, and they prescribed Lexapro 10mgThis is only my second day on the medication, and anxiety is at a low. However, I am feeling very Nauseous I normally have a beer or two, and I have no interest in drinking alcohol Is this normal?
I have been taking Chantix for 4 days now and it works great for quitting smoking, but the side effects are harsh. I get so sick on it and also I get so angry for no reason. I am yelling at everyone.  I have also been having problems with the depression.  If you have any of these problems then you should see your doctor.
I have been on this pill for 2 months now. I was getting the Depo shot before and was on that for 9 months, I had gained 40 pounds from it and wanted to switch fast! My doctor said I was sensitive to the hormones and recommended this for me. I haven 't gained any weight with this which is great, but on the other hand my breast, especially my nipples are super tender most of the time, and they are also getting bigger which isn 't that great since I 'm a D cup already. I am a little more emotional than usual but it 's not a big difference. No acne improvement or anything like that. On the first month, I had my period for one day, woke up the next morning and it was gone! That was pretty weird. Overall this pill is pretty good. 
Side effect was mild direahea and bloody stool.
5th day on Buproprion XL150. I am supposed to take this once a week and then double the dose. Right now I am feeling I should not double up as I don 't like the side effects. First few days I felt like heart was racing a little, jittery, clenching on teeth, trouble falling asleep. Am I still as depressed? No. Am I laying in bed and not getting my work done? No.I wouldn 't say I am motivated, but I am getting done what needs to. Lost weight. No real appetite but at night I get hungry. My MAIN concern is I feel anxious and self-conscious. I am in school and I have a job where I need to work with superiors and be able to listen and perform. I feel like I am just going through the motions; an out of body experience. Will this end soon?
I began taking Tri- Nessa to clear up my skin. I have never had perfectly clear skin, but before and during my period my skin ( including back and shoulders) would break out horribly. After only a week of the pill, I noticed my skin was very clear. I have never had such amazing skin! During my period I still get a few zits, but not bad enough to wear makeup. My period never starts until the 5th placebo,and has always been short, but I no longer cramp! My mood is stable, and I have gone up a cup size. I am stopping the pill due to a 10 pound, in three month, weight gain. I 'm a runner, and have always been able to maintain my weight.  I intake 2000 calories, burn a 2400/day and went from 120 to 131 in 3 months.
I have had this medication prescribed to me twice now. Both times within less than 24 hours of taking it I experienced the metallic taste in my mouth, nausea/vomiting, headache and the worst of all side effects, uncontrollable diarrhea. When I say this, it 's not the &quot;let me run to the bathroom quick&quot; kind of diarrhea, it 's the kind that if you 're not within 5 feet to a washroom then you 're basically out of luck. The medicine itself works really fast (my throat started feeling better after one dose) but there 's no way that I can be on this medication and go to work for a full day....unless I take a few extra changes of clothes with me. I, unfortunately, seem to be experiencing the worst of the watery diarrhea symptoms associated with it.
I have had fibromyalgia for about 10 years now. My Dr tried Cymbalta and then Gabapentin which both seemed to help at first, but only for a short time. Then maybe 4 years ago, a new Dr. put me on savella. At first I felt nauseous, dizzy, and had headaches every day. All those symptoms continued, but not as severe, but I started feeling like I could get around better, &amp; my muscles weren 't as stiff or sore as before. But then being diagnosed with BPD and anxiety, those meds weren 't where they should be, and I started feeling really down and depressed. I told my Dr  's about it. Then trying to get the savella refilled, I found out they weren 't going to refill it  because insurance said I had suicidal ideations. BUT after 4 weeks w/o it, I feel so much better! No sweats, dizziness,etc
Lowers cholestorol but I have the oddest side effect - I call it itchy feet. In the bottoms only and nothing stops the itchy feeling, except Neurontin. It 's an internal nerve itch, not external. I was scratching on concrete, anything to make it stop.
I am new to Lunesta I was taking 10mg of Ambien until it stopped working. Dr started me out on 1mg,  which didn 't do much,  as I need as much stuff that would knock a horse out. Very high tolerance. I don 't know if I should try 2mg?  Got the yucky taste in mouth and its still there this am. Any suggestions?
I was very nauseous and vomited and felt like I had the flu throughout the therapy. I was warned that I might get diarrhea but fortunately I didn 't. I got a second endoscopy done and a biopsy to see if the medicine worked, and...it was unsuccessful.
When I took Accutane, my acne did clear up after a couple of months. But the side effects were very annoying, including excessively dry face and lips and back pain. It actually came to a point that I couldn 't continue dancing because of this back pain. I was glad to be finished with it after the allotted time I was prescribed, but then 6 months later my acne came back in full. My doctor said this is normal and usually goes away within weeks, but mine didn 't. I 'm still struggling with acne despite having taken Accutane.
I 've had &quot;a&quot; really bad headache for over 6 weeks now. On my right side.   I say &quot;a&quot; because it is almost constant, day and night every day.  Seldom have I had headaches my entire life.  I 'm now 60.  After 4 visits to a doctor, (the first one prescribed antibiotics saying I had a sinus infection-no help what so ever, the second guy Midrin, same thing). I was prescribed nortriptyline at 25mg once a day by my last visit with a new doctor.  It has been 3 days, so not much change, yet.  I can put up with any/all the side effects mentioned, if I get relief.  I will repost in a week or 2, when hopefully it has kicked in.  Scheduled for a CAT scan in 2 days.....we 'll see.  Reading these posts has given me some hope.
40yr old female!  I have Hoshi thyroid disorder. Had a hysterectomy in my mid 20s which is the cause of my osteoporosis.  I have been on this going on my 4th month so far no side effects.  Small bruising at injection site. I 'll have a new scan in about 6 months I feel very hopeful for improved results.
Started ambein. Took for years. I built a tolorence.  Now on lunesta at 3mg. Worked for about a month and now I am back to sleepless nights :(
While the medication did work, as soon as the medication was stopped the diverticulitis came back.
I have MS &amp; GASTROESOPHAGEAL REFLUX DISEASE (GERD) and GASTROPARESIS and have been taking Metoclopramide 5 mg , 2/ a day for a year then they raised it to 5mg/4 times a day. Soon after they went up 10mg 4/ times a day. When i went to the 4 a day i started having problems. It started with a low grade fever and major confusion and then came the breathing troubles, plus some anxiety that got pretty bad. I could not catch my breath mainly at night. It got so bad I was even starting to panic. It may have caused other side effects but with MS they were hard to tell. I just stopped taking them and after the second night my breathing was a little better.I am hoping that goes away. 
After taking this medication for about 6 months I lost over 75 lbs. Now I know everything comes at a price, I have high blood pressure now due to this medicine. Please think long before taking it.
After purchasing the medicine  for shoulder pain I followed directions and applied 4 times a day. The second day the applied area ( upper arm and shoulder ) was turning dark. By the end of second day the arm was black swollen and painful. Emergency room visit did not provide any relief other than tellingMe to discontinue use of gel. I have a artificial heart valve that requires that I take blood thinner which was discussed with the prescribing physician and had been used as prescribed. The arm continued to swell and the blackness continued down the arm with pain that became unbearable. A ambulance was summoned to take me back to the hosital emergency room personnel could not diganose the situation completely and I was admitted to the ward. Surgery was required
Have Stage 4 metastatic melanoma. Started on Keytruda after new metastasis showed up. After 2nd infusion, side effects started to become very painful - lots of muscle and joint pain, couldn 't move my arms hardly. Also have a lot of nerve issues in my arms and hands. When I went for my 3rd infusion (they 're done every 3 weeks) my oncologist said I needed to stop treatment and start on a steroid to calm down my immune system, which Keytruda revs up into high gear to go after the melanoma. It 's been two weeks on Prednisone, and the side effects from the Keytruda are still strong, so I can 't resume treatment and still have to stay on the steroid. Bummer, because it actually made the tumor on my leg disappear, which Ipi (Yervoy) didn 't.
Hi this is my 3rd bottle I haven 't lost any weight yet but I haven 't gained any either and I haven 't been exercising like I should but I 'm starting a gym next week so it will most likely work better I take two pills in the morning one pill at lunch and two pills before dinner so 4 pills all together The only side effect I have had that is negative is hard stool and constipation but if you take stool softeners and fiber pills they help big-time One of the things I like most about this medication is it does curb your hunger it does do that so I 'm hoping to loose weight soon at 208 now fingers crossed
Remeron was amazing for my depression. I felt amazing. I had so much energy, I was sleeping, I was happy, and I felt great. Until I noticed the weight gain. I gained 25 pounds in 4 months. I just couldn 't control my eating. I am so upset that I had to stop taking it. I 'm back to trying to find a medicine that will help me.
Flomax works better for BPH but this med is more tolerable for longer usage and does wonders for PTSD!
I took Symbicort 200/6 for 6 years and although it 's an effective asthma preventative I suffered an increased number of chest infections and couldn 't tolerate temperatures above 30c/86f, this intolerance subsided within a few days of stopping.
I used Orsythia many years ago and all went well. I don 't remember having any issues while using it. It prevented pregnancy, my acne cleared up and I lost a little weight. I recently decided to get back on the pill and have only been on it for about 2 weeks. This time around, my boobs hurt so bad, my back muscles are extremely tender and I constantly feel like I 'm going to vomit. So far there are no negative effects on my anxiety/depression. I 'm going to give it more time since I had a successful experience prior to this, but if things continue down this path, I will have to switch to something else.
I started using Nuvaring 3 months ago, I 've experienced breakthrough bleeding, mood swings and depression, decreased libido and dryness. It is very convenient not having to remember taking a pill everyday, but my sex drive went from very, very high (before the ring), to nothing. I hadn 't noticed it until my boyfriend told me he felt like I didn 't want him anymore. I 'm going to try it for another month to see if things get better, if not I 'm taking it out. I absolutely cannot live without my sex drive. To me the cons outweigh the pros.
I 'm on my second packet of pills now. I went directly from having the iud implant to these pills and other than not being pregnant I don 't have much to say. I have never in my life been so continuously nauseous. It 's all day every day. I literally love food and I 'm barely eating (which is not a complaint because I need to loose weight lol) but it 's kind of annoying for everyone around me because they have to listen to me complain that my tummy hurts all day. In the big picture I like the pill. My sex drive is the same. Not any more or less moody than I have been and no headaches or pains.
I have been using nexplanon for a little over 5 months now. I have had my period everyday non stop for over 5 months and counting. I lost weight at first then I gained it back. No mood swings that I have noticed. No depression as others have mentioned. One thing I read in the majority of the reviews is that your spouse is mad because you are bleeding non-stop. Well all I have to say is who cares about how they feel sheesh how do they think we feel. I have gone through more pads/tampons than I ever imagined possible. On the bright side I 'm not pregnant. I was emotional the second month. I cried  bc I couldn 't deal with a prolonged period. I also get bad chest pain from time to time and my anxiety has been at an all time high
It worked great, pain was totally gone.  But the side effects were awful; couldn 't sleep (for days), sweating lots (just sitting still in the air conditioning), bowel movements were so dry it was like passing glass. ETC, ETC.
I took Factive for 6 days.  The label says that you can take it with or without food, but in my case, if I didn 't eat a very large meal before taking it, I would feel sick to my stomach and spend most of the day vomiting.  I was only able to successfully keep it down for one of the days, but when I did vomit, it brought up a lot of the sputum that was in my lungs.  At the end of the day, the medication seems to be working for me, but it definitely made me feel horrible that entire time I took it.  ***Be sure to ask your doctor for a coupon for this stuff.  It costs over $100, but my doctor gave me a copay free coupon and I wound up paying nothing for this medication.
I have been on Beyaz for about 3 weeks after switching from yaz due to cost. Now and I feel more bloated, depressed, and have experienced weight gain.  I have also had headaches.  I haven 't had a real period in several months since Yaz would just make me have cramping, not actually bleeding. I even have taken tests to ensure I wasn 't pregnant because I wasn 't bleeding. I 'm not sure if the same thing works for Beyaz or not.  I just hope my body adapts to this and I start to lose weight again and get energy back.
It has to be taken on an empty stomach to really feel any relief.
I have been on Yasmin from 2010 till now. It helped clear my acne, though I used other prescribed medication as well. It helped clear my acne to an extent, still get fine pimples. My left foot started swelling 6 years ago, now the right foot started, to an extent I can 't walk. Been to the doc and he advised to change my contraceptive pill. This is the second case. Medicine affects you in the long run.
Although more effective then Norflex, it took awhile to help the spasms. Once it hit my system, it did ease the spasms somewhat.
I used this drug for root canal abscess. It took me 10 days to reduce the pain coming from my lymph nodes. I actually never feel pain in my tooth. I had black/grey color stool, and feel a little rush and feel of chest, when I breath. Obviously this medication is very strong for me.
I took Zoloft for 2 years at 100mg daily for bipolar disorder type I. Zoloft is wonderful in that it made me significantly less anxious. However, it didn 't succeed in making me any less depressed. Also, as with most anti-depressants, I experienced a decreased sex drive. 
I am 56 yo male and have been on shots and Axiron for 11 months and my testosterone levels are still around 150.  Before I started any testosterone, I was at about 230, then after starting shots every 4 weeks my T-levels dropped and kept dropping to about 95 and recently went up to 150.  The 200 mg shots are every three weeks now and Axiron daily 60 mg but still no major results except gaining weight and some muscle mass.  All hormones were normal except FSH that was elevated.  Don 't know what the problem is because most people do well with shots and axiron.
I have chronic nerve pain and RSD as a result of a failed multi-level cervical fusion. I was on narcotics for 2 - 3 years. I had an implanted pulse generator placed in my low back with the leads running up my spine to the area in my neck affected by the surgery. This enabled me to get off the narcotics, but I still have trouble with the Reflex Sympathetic Dystrophy (RSD). About 5 years ago, my doctor put me on Cymbalta. I now take 60mg each morning.There has been a marked difference in my pain level as a result. I have learned to regulate my activity as well to help keep the pain down. I still have moderate bouts of depression. So far, nothing has a lasting effect on that.
I had the Nexplanon put in on March 2014. When I first got it in it felt like my nerves were being pinched whenever I would bend my arm. On top of that, I had horrible mood swings and heavy periods that would last up to 3 weeks. Now that I 'm onto my second year I have a lot of random spotting, I 've lost my sex drive, and I gained a lot of weight. Had to go on this BC because I 'm really bad with pills and it seemed really nice because I wouldn 't have to worry about it after getting it out in. Still not too sure how I feel about it. I know some girls who 've been on it for years with no problems. But the fact that my periods came back makes me worry that it 's becoming less effective.
I went off of Lexapro and couldn 't walk, and the pain was awful. I got right back on it, and I feel like I will live!
I just started taking these pills about a month ago, I 'm about to start my second pack. The only side effects I 've had is slight nausea the first week I started taking them. My breasts are swollen, I still break out, and have had a lot of spotting initially but now I don 't. I don 't have any mood swings. I feel sleepy even though I sleep plenty. That 's about it.
Been taking this drug for a few days now and it 's helped my sinuses.  But have a hard time sleeping plus going to the bathroom especially at night.
My experience with my first month of using Chateal has been eventful. I feel a little less stress in the getting not getting pregnant aspect of taking a birth control however the sideffects have been testing. I 'm almost always feeling nauseous or bloaty and I can tell I 've gained a lot of weight. I have had crazy mood swings which has caused some issues between my boyfriend and me. I was out to eat with some friends and I literally wanted to simultaneously punch a wall laugh and cry all at once. I feel my depression is growing stronger but I am taking preemptive strikes to keeping that controlled. Yes i would suggest this pill. However Chateal may not be for everyone.
Have been on Vimpat for about 4 months now and am now starting to understand the side effects thanks primarily to these reviews. Previously on Dilantin for &gt;10 years for complex-partial seizures. The positive of using this mediicne is I have a marked improvement in my gums.  The Negative side effects are as follows:Poor memory/word recall/diggingShort term memory impairment/can 't remember what just doing and wanted to do next.Loss of the ability to focus and concentrate/easily distracted. Might not be entirely Vimpat related.Depression/emptiness/out-of-options feelingBurning feet/ MD. suggested it could be Vimpat related.Some loss of taste, Impaired ejaculation.Hope this helps. Might consider going back to Dilantin. Good first time medicine.
I 'v been on this pill for 3 months about to start the 4th. Prior to the pill I had a couple of months of no pills and prior to that a year of another pill. I have noticed a major increase in my sex drive, wetness and all around interest in sex. However I have severe pain like I did without it. My weight hasn 't changed neither has my acne, and even though it is a little pill it sticks and is hard to swallow sometimes. I 'm also having major muscle cramps, but I had that with the other pills too. All in all it is what it is.
I was taken off Viibryd by my Doctor due to swelling and huge increase in blood pressure. It was helping the depression and sensitivity but had some strange side effects like numbness in arms and hands, tingling sensations in back and forehead, swelling of face, stomach hands and ankles. My face looked like a Marshmallow.
This medicine has been okay for me. It certainly got rid of most of my paranoid thoughts but never got rid of all of them. I still had a lot of them especially present in the night, I 'd think there was a serial killer outside watching me or a serial killer in the same room as me or on the chair. It was pretty terrifying. I started Geodon a week ago and those thoughts completely disappeared, I 'm very grateful. Risperdal also made me gain a lot of weight every year and made me very hungry even after I just had a meal. I 'm 166 lbs and 5 '8 '. I 'm scared of being 200 lbs. I 've been on this medicine since I was 14 and severely psychotic and couldn 't function at all, so I guess it helped me with that, just made me gain a lot of weight. I 'm 22 now.
I was on 150 mg Zoloft for about 2 years. It worked fairly well at combating my Obsessive Compulsive Disorder and depression however, it gave me horrible insomnia/nausea. I probably would 've given it a seven if it weren 't for the side effects. They 're just something that everyone who takes it should be aware of.
I am 16 years old with combo/oily skin and I have the usual breakouts and I just want clear skin so my dermatologist put me on epiduo gel. The first 2 weeks I did see an improvement, but then from then it just broke me out. I have been on it for exactly 27 days and I have seen some clear up, but mostly it made me breakout. It is supposed to break you out and drain all of your pores so I am hoping that my skin is going to start clearing up now after the annoying breakouts so thats why I rated this a 5. I will keep you guys updated.
Short lived relief with stomach problems if taken long term
I 've taken this anti biotic in the past for my wisdom teeth playing up and it worked wonders! I 've started taking a weeks course (2 a day) for a bacterial infection. The first day I started to feel ever so slightly drowsy. Now going into a few more days I have developed a very runny/stuffy nose, watery eyes and slight loss of appetite.  With feeling like this its making me not want to complete the full course but then again I don 't want my infection to return. With working in a dentist and hearing metronidazole getting prescribed regularly its always the one where we warn the patient it can make you feel a bit sick and to NEVER drink alcohol as very dangerous. I have experienced slight effects and looking forward to finishing the course!
I started using Jolivette after my daughter was born; while I was breastfeeding. I 've tried a lot of different types of BC over the years. This option was just OK - I really like using Seasonique better and will probably switch over at some point in the future. I 'm not sure about weight gain (as I did just have a baby recently), but I have had A LOT of spotting... and it feels like it 's never going to end.
I had a severe sinus infection. And although I needed an antibiotic to get rid of the infection, this is the worst antibiotic I have ever taken!  I was prescribed 20 tablets - 10 days, 2 a-day.  On about day 7, I started having horrible stomach pains both upper and lower, and felt absolutely nauseated, with little strength due to the nausea.  I had never seen a mixture of amoxicillin and potassium together. Something seems terribly wrong with this script. I was always good with just plain antibiotic &quot;amoxicillin&quot;.  What 's going on here? Drug companies trying to poison us? Because that is what it feels like.  I 'm glad I 'm done w/prescription and will know better nxt time.  BTW a friend went through the same thing. Coincidence? nahhh!
Has been effective at preventing pregnancy. I 've decided to stop taking it due to side effects. The first 2 months my breasts were extremely tender. I experienced some depression symptoms and mood problems in the first month, which I initially thought went away, but I think I just got used to them. Looking back, I 've been WAY more emotional at times (cry at least 2-3 times a week now, used to cry 2-3 times a year) and also fairly flat (don 't really get excited about anything anymore). My sex drive has been almost non-existent while on Reclipsen. I used to be keen like all the time and now even extensive foreplay can 't really get me going, which makes it pretty pointless to even be on it. Periods are short and light, which I will miss.
I have been taking Zoloft (100mg) per day for a couple of years now. I have tried to come off them once with a complete relapse into depression. Nearly a year later and on doctors advice I am to try Allegron, but first I have to stay off Zoloft for 4 days before I start the Allegron. Apparently it can take up to two weeks for the Allegron to kick in. I am only 3 days into my detox from Zoloft and I feel terrible. I 'm not sure I can make it another two weeks!Does anyone else on this site go down hill so quickly from Zoloft? 
When I first had it inserted, I bled five months straight &amp; was worried it wouldn 't stop.  The doctor had me take motrin twice daily for 10 days.  Not sure if it was the solution, but it did stop.  I have yet to have my period again since then. I had the insertion done 2 months post partum. However, I have gone from 142lbs &amp; losing weight fast, to 178lbs &amp; my milk dried up after insertion.  I have had no diet changes, I workout 1 day less than normal.  I have severe migraines, morning sickness every now &amp; again, &amp; am now getting rashes on the arm that it is inserted in. I have involuntary muscle spasms and jerking of body. Showing allergy symptoms to hormone, will be getting it removed.  Good BC for nonsensitives.
I 'm 19 and I got my Skyla maybe about two weeks or so ago. It was a last minute decision being I hated the effects of the Depo Shot. So I got it, once it went in, YES it is as bad as they say. Two weeks after including for  me, heavy bleeding and HUGE cramps still. Maybe it got put in wrong or maybe it 's just how it works, but this pain is not worth it, It 's made me lose my appetite due to cramping.
Took Savella 50 mg bid for one year. Helped dramatically with the fibro pain (I 've had fibro 6 yrs). I 'm a 57 year old medical professional who of course tried to deny that I even had this malady. Sometime approximately 3 months after starting Savella I noticed increasing fatigue and forgetfulness which I attributed to age and stress. The last 4 months I could barely stay awake without a daily nap, I couldn 't remember how to run my coffee pot I 've had 4 years, and couldn 't remember how to get from point A to B while driving. Due to age, I underwent a Neuropsych eval and brain MRI-both normal. Weaned off Savella and my energy level and alertness have dramatically improved, but unfortunately the fibro pain is back. &gt;:(
I was put on this infusion because Sulfazine was unsuccessful in controlling the Crohns and rheumatoid arthritis.  It was reasonably effective for 6 months but I never felt really well and was always achy, and then I had an anaphylactic reaction to it (I was particularly run down at that stage following a flare up).  Spent 10 days in hospital and was then put on a weekly dose of Humira - I have not looked back!  That was 15 months ago.  With Humira I no longer even have rheumatoid arthritis!
So I reviewed the implanon previously. Constant spotting for 3 years. Had it removed went back to pill. Due to recent high blood pressure my doctor took me off the pill and recommended IUD. After researching reviews I decided against the IUD and went with nexplanon. Its been less than 24 hours. Minor pain at insertion site. Hoping for no spotting or periods. Have to wait and see. Notably, within last 12 hours I have developed a sore throat and flu-like symptoms. Hoping that clears on its own. Will review again later
Was prescribed Mirtazapine for insomnia and mild depressive symptoms, started on 15mg which initially helped with sleep but wore off in about three weeks. Felt no change in the depression after four weeks either. Was moved up to taking 30mg a night which would make me sleep for 12-13 hours and make me feel hungover when I awoke. Also put on 10lbs in the first four weeks, which I am not happy with, it does help with the sleep issues though.
I 'm going into my second month using Trileptal and started at 600 mg a day.  My Dr just upped it to 900mg because it wasn 't stabilizing my moods as much as I would like.  I also take Klonopin for anxiety and the Trileptal for my bipolar.  So far, no side effects like the Topamax with tingling but I 'm hoping it starts working better.  My Dr wants to throw in an antidepressant along with something for ADHD but wants to wait till this kicks in.  
I started Yasmin three months ago after having the implanon( contraceptive implant) for about 5 years. I switched over because I had started to experience irregular bleeding and just to mention because a lot of women worry about weight, on that contraception I was both oversight and underweight at different times just due to my eating and lifestyle ( don 't think contraception made a difference) so far my experience of Yasmin has been good, I never had  'acne ' but I swear overnight and since starting it I have not had one more pimple and skin has just felt a lot nicer( not too dry not too oily) I had the initial nausea for about 2 or 3 days and the occasional breast tenderness but hey that 's to be expected when you are changing your hormones?
I took Lutera for a year, it was my second try on the pill since my first attempt with Loestrin Fe was horrid. I got acne spots every once in a while, but nothing big. My breasts were insanely tender almost constantly. My sex drive was destroyed by the end of my one year of trying this pill, and I would get SO moody. My poor boyfriend had to go through a lot with me taking this pill and I gained 50lbs. I never did notice a difference in my Polycystic Ovarian Syndrome-related symptoms, which was a bummer. It could work for someone else, I 'm sure though, since birth control affect everyone differently. I 'm on Nexplanon now, which has given me absolute clear skin, my sex drive is back and my moodiness is normal again. No more crying at the drop of a hat.
Been on this birth control for 3 weeks and I 've had acne on my chin like I haven 't had in years and I am constantly starving to the point of sickness as well as extremely fatigued. This is terrible. Going to give it another month to see if it levels out but I highly doubt it will.
Helps sporadically on nausea due to migraines if taken soon enough.  Does not work if vomiting has already started.
I just had open heart surgery in late July 2015. Nobody told me that a  'side effect ' of the surgery was atrial fibrillation.  It took over a MONTH for the Docs to tell me this, then put me on amiodarone (antiarrhythmic med) and Xarelto.  Not sure if the Xarelto is causing the issue, but I think it is!  I have been on the drug for less than 2 weeks, and now have several issues surfacing like tidal waves:  Inability to control my hands while typing *80  wpm down to MAYBE 30 on a good day; bloodshot eyes that are only getting worse, purple veins protruding from my thigh skin that were never there before, pain in my liver... I could go on.  This is scary and I can 't see my cardiologist for a week
I am an 18 year old female with ADHD and my doctor just switched me from vyvanse 30mg to taking focalin 10mg XR and I absolutely hate it. Vyvanse worked for me but would make me bite my lip often in class which was very odd, but something I could work with...Focalin makes me socially anxious (keep in mind I am the most social and extroverted girl), jittery, and worry about random things. I am going to doctor tomorrow after taking it for 2 days and going back to vyvanse.
I experienced my first Pap smear two weeks ago and was tested positive for trichomoniasis and a yeast infection. My doctor prescribed metronidazole 500 mg 2x for 7 days. Never missed a day. Side effects were dark urine but after the third day I had no more symptoms until now. This marks the second day since my treatment and the symptoms from the trichomoniasis is back. This has broken me all the way down.. and to make matters worse I 'm going to Miami with my ex boyfriend (Does not have trich) for spring break.
After having my IUD removed, I decided to go with a short term birth control so I could try for a baby within the next couple years.  It got put in in October 2016. By mid December I was having unexplained bruising on my legs, symptoms of bronchitis/asthma, weakness, and coughing up blood. In February 2017 I was finally diagnosed with Bilateral Pulmonary Emboli and congestive heart failure and was hospitalized for a week. I was referred to a hematologist to figure out why I got the clots, being that blood disorders or heart disease does not run in my family.  The Dr finally concluded that it was due to the new birth control I had so it was taken out by March of 2017. I guess I was the unlucky 1 in 100,000 to have severe side effects.
This would be my second month on Junel. I 've been on Birth Control for about 10 years now. I changed due to spotting and increased mood swings with my previous birth control. Since the switch I have had shorter periods about 2-3 days, but I have gained major weight and increased appetite. I switched up my regular exercise routine and still have not managed to drop the extra 7 lbs ;(
The timing for eating is a pain. I have become hyperthyroid as a result of this medicine, and my hands started shaking, and I lost 40 pounds. I had been hypothyroid before! I like the weight loss, but the hyperthyroidism has caused digestive problems, and my eyes bulge a bit. Have suffered drug interactions with Cipro (heart) and maybe Lexapro (acute Achilles tendonitis). Unfortunately,my Dr was not familiar with what Tasigna could do----
The only side effect is extreme fatigue for about a week.  It goes away and then I am quite good the next three weeks.  So far so good.
Got Benign Essential Tremor 42 yrs ago. I was 13. Been on primidone 50 mg two in a.m close to 20 years. I just found out it is a barbituate. No wonder I 'm sleepy all the time in the morning. Now when I look back I had been vomiting in the beginning. I was even hospitalized for intractable vomiting. Tomorrow I have an abdominal ultrasound because I constantly have GERD and have vomited a lot recently. Meds forever for GERD all sorts of kinds.I have always let an internal medicine doctor prescribe the med. I am going to see a specialist asap. I gave primidone a rating of five because my tremor has never fully stopped it just isn 't as noticeable to the public. Occasionally someone will say I am nervous. Then I tell them I have benign essential tremor. Sick of it!
Clears my nose, but I can only take it at night because it makes me extremely drowsy. 
Pros: Have NOT gotten pregnant; clear skin; easy to take.Cons: ALWAYS tired; decreased sex drive; EXTREMELY moody; period last 10 days.
I have had RA for 6 yrs. Recently I changed Docs, and  he suggested Arthrotec as it was discovered I have early onset OA as well, I needed something else besides Metho and Humira. Let me say, Arthrotec is AMAZING, I hadn 't felt so good in years! I am 35 yrs old and I was able to play with my kids, run around which I haven 't been able to do. All was great until I ended up in the ER. I thought I was having a heart attack. Luckily it was not but it was an Ulcer. At least I had a little time with my kids.
MY experience with this is I got sick as a dog the first entire week of taking it. I got dehydrated. If anyone has a weak stomach like me be prepared to get sick the first week of taking it. The first month I was on my period it felt like my uterus was about to explode so my doctor had to call in pain medication for that. Overall my first experience with this medication was awful, but as the months progressed everything is right where it needs to be.
Taking Invokana for at least several years now. Also take metformin and Tradjenta, but the latter is new for me. One thing I noticed almost right away was a &quot;weird&quot; feeling that was kind of like skin sensitivity which could be related to (decreased) circulation. When I told doctor about it, was told very firmly that &quot;that is not something associated with this drug.&quot; Now all of a sudden there is new info about increased amputations! Also get the aches, muscle pains and swollen arm pits/arms. I was really wondering about that! Why? No yeast problems, though. Did help as the &quot;final push&quot; to really help normalize sugars, but will now reconsider taking it! Prob. not worth it.
I was given this medication after a series of painful surgeries.  I took 100 mg every 4-6 hours for pain.  This medicine did relieve all of my pain.  It made me a bit itchy.  The problem came when I tried to get off of it 3 days ago.  I 'm having SEVERE anxiety, which I 've never had before.  My doctor said its withdrawal symptoms.  I pray I get over this feeling soon. 
I took this for a while. Have not taken it in like 1 year, boy can I tell a difference. When I do take it I 'm calm and can sleep good. Needless to say that the past year I 've had major anxiety attacks, I 'm going to ask my Dr to prescribe them again since it seems to calm me down.
24 year old female. Had this implant for the past half year. Initially thought this was going to be a perfect birth control - it 's not a pill so I never forget having to routinely take medicine and it 's invisible. You never have to think about it so the sex is spontaneous and worry free. I 've had no emotional problems with it, but I started to notice over time my clothes were getting tighter even with no drastic changes in my diet or exercise. Not having a weighing scale at home, I never knew that I had gained 30 pounds on Nexplanon, then another 13 when I had checked again. I went from a steady 132 to a 175 the entire time I 've had it in me. If it weren 't for the weight gain I would stick with it but I 'm getting it out tomorrow.
OH MY GOSH. I 'm 17 and I had implanon since June 18 and I 've been on my period ever since. I get these crazy headaches and HOLY SHIIT I have never had acne before and now I have it and it 's bad. I have so many zits my face it hurts. It 's terrible I don 't want to go anywhere or see anyone with my face looking like a crunch bar. I 've gone through so many packs of tampons luckily I just bought this feminine cup called the diva cup where you put it in twice a day and clean it and it last for years I highly recommend it. Instead of putting tampons in which Is made from non organic cotton which is the reason why a lot of people get infections and cancer down there. LADIES KNOW WHATS INSIDE YOUR PRODUCTS. Good luck.
I 've been on it for 5 months now...during the 3rd month, I started bleeding (at first I thought it was spotting, but it lasts for like 2 weeks). No acne, no itchiness, some slight mood swings but I 've gained weight and my sex drive is gooone.I was on beyaz before but switched because my new insurance company didn 't cover beyaz. It 's nice not having to remember  to take a pill, but I 'm calling my Doctor to recommend something else.
It works great at first then you have to keep increasing the amount every two weeks. By about a week into each increase I feel like its not working and I feel mania coming on. I always know because I start biting my fingernail. I 'm about two months into and really think I should find something stronger. Or combine it with something else. You are not supposed to drink alcohol but that is he only way I have found to even out it not being strong enough for me. I you are taking it, and it is working for you, that is great!
I started using another weight loss medicine on March 24th.  The first 60 days I lost 22 lbs.  During the third month I was not seeing any changes and switched to Adipex-P. I used Adipex for 45 days and have lost an additional 10-12 pounds. I did not experience any of the side effects or jitters except sleeping.  I tend to only get 6 hours of sleep a night.
I always had pretty great skin until now, and although I wasn 't appreciative at the time, I would give anything to have it back. A few months ago I started breaking out on my cheeks very badly and it has been constantly bad since. My doctor prescribed me a topical cream that has done nothing. Now for the past few weeks my forehead has been breaking out horribly which has never happened before. I 've been on doxy for a week now (100mg twice a day) and I have seen no improvement. Granted I have only been on it for a week, but it definitely does not seem like a miracle drug. I am trying to stay hopeful though!
Got shingles on my scalp and face, was treated with Valtrex, Neurontin,and pain medicine. I have repeatedly had bouts of shingles for the last 15 months, resulting in PHN. I now take Lyrica, 1 at 8 am, 1 at 3pm and 3 at bedtime. This dose was gradually increased over time. Although very fatigued I am 50% better and am able to function better. The initial drowsiness subsided after a couple of months. Do still have a bit of brain fog, not sure if it 's the Lyrica or lack of sleep.
My 9yr old daughter was on the Daytrana 10mg patch the last half of the school year. The daytrana patch did eliminate the spacing out, and she did excell in her classes the last quarter of the school year. She brought her D 's and U 's up to C 's and B 's. I took her off the medication over the summer and now she 's been back on the same 10mg Daytrana patch for 4 days. She has barely been able to eat anything. She cries because of the constant stomach pain. She 's been complaining that her vision is getting blurry (which is listed as a known side effect) she has also been throwing up about once a day. I 'm currently trying to work with the specialist to see if this will even out or if I should pull her off the patch ASAP.
Started prep yesterday at 5:30 pm, drank 32oz of water and almost immediately the flood gates opened. It was violent and nonstop. Was pretty much stuck to toilet for three hours and then off and on for another hour or so. Was able to sleep until 5:30 am but had to run to bathroom and it exploded again. Started second prep and could only get about half down and couldn 't do anymore without gagging and spitting out. I have cramping and exploding stools again. I hope the drug companies bring back the pill my mom took years ago. I won 't do this again.
I have no sex drive and have been bleeding for about 3 weeks!! I 'm going crazy!! I 've only had it for about a month and a half.
I just wanted to share the info I got from my doctor. I just got prescribed this medication today. Some people on here mentioned headaches, nausea and tanning both of which my doctor told me could be some side effects. Hope that helped!  I hope this medicine helps me.
I 've been on Xeloda for 5 months. I have extreme traveling pains. Once I woke up at 3am and my right hand felt like someone had stabbed me with a knife and the knife was still in it. This lasted for 3 days. Next it was my left leg at the hip joint. I couldn 't walk on it. Lots of pain when I moved it. It lasted about 4 days. Next was in my jaw joint. Painful swelling, couldn 't bite down on anything..another 3 day episode. The pain is horrible. I go for scans in two weeks to see why my tumor markers went up. Could be from the inflammation xeloda is causing, could be xeloda is not working for me and the cancer is spreading. Will know soon.
I have taken plan b multiple times and for the most part it worked. However the last time I took it I started what I thought was my period and went to go have a surgery. They tested me and found out I was pregnant. Moral of the story is even if you think you got your &quot;period&quot; take a test to be safe.
Pulmonary embolism in 2014, tries clexane, rivaroxaban and warfarin all of which made me so ill, apixaban has been ok, have experienced some gastrointestinal issues but can 't be sure if there is a link, taken it now for over 18months and dr hopes for me to stay on it for life.
In October of 2015, I experienced a defibrillation, after 3 days in the hospital it was determined that I was to have a triple bypass. A week after I had that operation I had another defibrillation.I had average to low pressure prior to my surgery and defibrillation, my cardiologist put me on Cardevilol generic 3.125 twice a day to help my heart gain strength after the operation. I also had a Defibrillator installed.In the beginning of my recuperation I didn 't feel anything but as time went on I felt tired, gained weight and after 8 months started to experience dizzy spells when getting up or laying down. Moodiness, lack of sex drive were also side effects that hit me.My doctor has now taken me off the medication. Let 's see any change
I have been on Vicodin for over 2 years. At my worst, I was taking 15-25 a day. I was in a horrible car crash 5 years ago and suffer from chronic pain. This week, I had enough.  I said, no more and I decided to get help. I haven 't taken any Vicodin in 2 days now and I was having bad withdrawals. I went to the doctor today and he gave me Suboxone. I am very excited to use this and get my life back. Now the only problem is that I still have the back pain, which I need to finally take care of. Reading all your comments and success stories gives me hope. I thank you all very much.. God bless
I began taking this medication a week ago. The first and second day were great, no noticeable side effects other than the fact that I was happy and full of energy. The third day I began noticing that my emotions were very easy coming. One sad thing would make me tear up. I also noticed weakness in my left arm. I am only 21 years old and have been on some type of antidepressant since 18 years old. This is the first to make my arm feel this way. Please let me know if anyone else has left arm weakness.
Been bipolar for seventeen years, Saphris for two months, started out eating right after I took it and I was very sleepy.  The eating eventually subsided but within ten days I started having jaw muscle tension.  At first I had energy and the racing thoughts and paranoia went away.  The sublingual dosing and taste seemed to be minor in the hopes that it would help symptoms.  I would take it at night only, after getting everything done for the evening because it really made me sleep deeply, within fifteen minutes, when I really didn 't have a sleeping problem before taking it.  It did make me more alert during the day, which almost led to panic on several occasions.  It was addressing psychosis symptoms but I continued a low level of depression
This is the start of my 3rd day in this medications. I am in 25mg once a day. So far I notice it makes me a little sleepy, dry mouth and gives tingle sensation on my head. Although benefits so far have been that I passed my quiz for college 100% and was able to FINISH multiple tasks yesterday! Only third day so we 'll see how it progresses with my body. AGE: 21, 110lbs, F
It took approximately 3 months for the Tegretol to have any effect. When it did it was almost overnight. Also found that taking Xanax with it helps tremendously (with Doctor approval of course). I take up to 3 mg Xanax with 3 times daily and 200 mg Tegratol 2 times daily.  It really works.  The burning has almost ceased.
I didn 't like this birth control at all. I have been on it for 5 months and I cry all the time now. 
After getting the shot while I was on my period , not a week later I bled like I never have , cramps so bad I can 't get out of bed my entire body hurts . I 'm not sure about getting the shot again .
Okay I have been on celexa for about a week now. I 'm currently working 6 days a week 9-10 hour shifts so I 'm exhausted as it is. And I feel like I can 't sleep and for the past two days I haven 't been wanting to eat  at all. Is this normal for this medicine. I 'm on 20mg once a day?
I was placed on Bystolic and Flecainade to control atrial flutter. It took three weeks for this combination to work but it did and my heart rhythms became stable and stayed that way. I later had an ablation, which cured my Atrial flutter and Atrial fibrillation. I experienced several of the common side effects: low libido, near impotence, and chronic diarrhea, which has resisted all efforts to correct. Recently I decided to discontinue it and did so. Pulse went from 70 to mid-80 's and blood pressure crept up so did a taper per the literature. After being off it for a week, pulse rates as high as low 90s, blood pressure going up daily to 140 's. Have started taking it again. This medicine is quite difficult to get off. Keep this in mind when considering whether to take it.
Causes abdominal pain and un-coordination. I usually tolerate medicines well, but not Avelox. I 'm on 4th day of usage and can 't wait till the last dose. Good luck and get well everyone.
Just got mine out a month ago, I kept it it the FULL TIME which I find is hard for people to do. I would say it is great as far as preventing pregnancy (we never pulled out while I was on it). Low sex drive and fatigued that 's all. Well aside from bleeding for a month straight every so often on it.
I 'm on 150 mg Wellbutrin XL 's, and since I 've started taking them, I 've noticed my dreams are extremely vivid and disturbing, I 'm getting confused easily, major insomnia, which isn 't normal for me by any means. Was on Prozac, then Lexapro, switched to celexa after 3 doses, and now I 'm stuck with Wellbutrin. I was told to push through and keep taking it, but all of my experiences with stimulants with an amphetemine base have been unpleasant. Im probably going to discontinue it, I 'd rather be unmedicated than lose days of sleep and have horrible dreams whenever I can sleep. Not a great experience imo
I am 22 years old and I got the skyla 2 months after I had my baby 1/28/2016. It is now 7/17/2016 and I 'm starting finger dissatisfied. So for the first 4 months I was literally bleeding everyday. And it wasnt just light bleeding it was excessive bleeding. I had to wear 2 big overnight pads and a ultra tampon. And I was changing it alost every 2-3 hours. I never knew when my period was in because I was bleeding everyday. So the beginning of June I stopped bleeding for 2 weeks but I started back 6/18/2016 and I 've been bleeding since then. I often get the big clots of blood. I brought it to my doctors attention and she said because of so much blood loss my iron is low. I now have to take iron pills. I will be getting it removed.
Got liletta on 10/13/16 and so far so good. Before it I couldn 't have sex without pain and now my sex life has never been better. I had cramping the day I got it but it was gone the next morning. I did also have spotting the day of and that has gone as well. I will update in a couple of weeks but so far so good.
I 've been taking Paxil for about 4 weeks now and I 'm finally starting to feel like my old self . The first couple of weeks I felt horrible and thought about stopping the medicine but my doctor assured me that it would get worst before it got better.
My 6 yr old son has been on 20mg of Vyvanse for the past month and a half. I was so reluctant to start him on any type of medicine, but his inability to focus, keep his hands to himself, stay in his seat at school, etc., was affecting the learning of his classmates and causing him to have a hard time making friends. I saw a difference in him (and his teacher did, too), immediately after the 1st dose, he was able to focus, was making friends, etc. I have decided to try him on something different because he 's losing weight and he 's not the happy, sweet boy that I know he is. He 's moody, he gets upset extremely easily, he 's grumpy, and is SUPER serious about everything, he finds nothing funny. Its definitely altered his personality, even off the meds.
I have just started this medicine and the cough is driving me crazy. I go through these spells, at work and night. Everyone probably thinks I have a cold. Might need to switch to something else.
I 'm very confused about my experience on Yaz.  Had no initial breakout and my skin was improving up until about a month and half ago. There were minor breakouts every now and then though. Yet lately (after 7 and half months) my skin has been breaking out constantly. Big pimples mostly along my chin and jawline but few on my lip and cheeks too. I 'm going to see my GP as soon as possible to see whether this is just a random flare up or whether Yaz is just not for me. I suppose it works differently for everyone.
I have been on this drug for almost a year now and it 's the best of what 's out there for relief of pain, instantly.
I have had the implanon for about 9 months. First 3 months were okay, the following 3 months started experiencing very extreme migraines (which I already had an issue with prior to insertion) mood swings very drastic mood swings, no energy to much, always tired and no desire to do anything. At about 6 months I started feeling really depressed, lonely, unwanted (I have 2 kids and a very caring fianc
It makes my hands shake.
Serostim worked for 12 years but does not seem to help now.
I 've been on Alesse for five months now and I had every side effect. Crazy acne (I 've never had until I started taking Alesse), mood swings, weightgain (I was 120lb before starting Alesse and not five months later 145lb - I am a petit woman and I don 't eat very much, my food intake and Excerise has not changed thus, the weight gain is depressing), chest pain, swelling breast and no sex drive. The pro about Alesse isthat it regulates. I had regular periods for five months.The only reason I was put in birth control was to maintain my polycystic ovarian syndrome. I 'm 23 and was diagnosed with PCOS last year. I am now switching to a new birth control (Tri Cyclen Lo) and hopefully this one is better. Finger crossed!
This medication worked wonders for me and I felt quite good on this medication. The problem lies with the side effects. Unbeknownst to me for many months was that it increased my prolactin levels which caused my breasts to grow and menstrual cycle to be off. High prolactin is harmful in the long run and my breasts never returned to their previous size (although maybe some of you ladies would be happy about it. I also gained a few pounds on Risperdal but nothing ridiculous.
I have been on Belviq since around the end of Aug. 2014. (I 'm unable to do much exercising because I am disabled so I 'm guessing this is why my story isn 't like everyone else 's.) I have lost around 25lbs. give or take since I started. NOT what I wished for BUT so much MORE than I could EVER do on my own. (especially with all of my medical problems). For this, I AM VERY HAPPY with this product and can only hope it WILL continue to work as it has, or if I 'm lucky, even better! Either way it 's been great!
This pill worked great for protecting against pregnancy but there were MANY side effects. I would feel extreme lows, more emotional and cried over the silliest things, vaginal dryness, small occasional breakouts, and a week before the placebos would begin, I would start my period making it last two weeks instead of one! Happy to be getting off this pill in two more weeks!
I suffered such heavy periods, used to soak through overnight/maternity pads within minutes on a bad day, so you can imagine how life limiting it was.  I was 48yo, had 3 kids. My gyno suggested a marina, thinking it would last 5 years so lasting me through until menopause. I was put under whilst it was inserted. My periods have since been irregular, spotty, unannounced but a lot lighter. To the point I 'd wear either a panty liner or small pad. But it did change my life in that I could finally do things! Bad points: my hair has thinned, I now suffer from depression and anxiety, am constantly bloated, can 't lose weight.  But I thought it to be worth it as I could do things if I could find the energy that is.  Today it changed.
So the dr gave me some amox-clav 875 mg a week ago. I only took 3 that was enough to know I had a darn YI ,so I used some Monostat cream for the outside because of the itching. hwen I tell y&rsquo;all I was burning like anything -  I wanted to run through the house screaming for a fire hose to put the fire out 
SOFT GEL PROBIOTIC and a ton of water. I can 't stress this enough!!! After reading the reviews I was absolutely mortified about starting this antibiotic(clindamycin 300mg 2x 's per day) . I 'm one of those people who always get every possible side effect of medication. I stumbled upon a very helpful review of someone suggesting taking a softgel probiotic . I took the probiotic once daily approximately one hour before my first dose.  I am entering day 3 of this regime and have yet to get any of the unpleasant side effects mentioned. I also drank about a liter or more of water with each pill. I will update this post once I finish the med. Don 't let all of the scary reviews get you down. You can do this!!
I gave the Nuvaring a 5 rating for a couple of reasons 1) for the first 3 months I was on it, it was fantastic.  2) It gave me the best gift I never knew I was missing, my daughter.  But, I didn 't have any side effects for the first 3 months - just a rather shocking pregnancy after that. 
I have recurring bouts with severe anxiety.  Six weeks ago, I was put on 30 mg 's of Buspar to be taken in the morning and at night.  I got &quot;brain zaps&quot; (similar to Paxil withdrawal) and nausea lasting about an hour after I took the medication.  True to most other medicines for anxiety, I felt as though overall, my level of anxiety increased over the first 2 weeks although I would have periods where I was not anxious.  After 2 weeks the Dr raised my dose to 60 mg 's. I found it best to take 4 times a day because I definitely feel it wear off. While this has taken my overall anxiety from a 9 to a 7, it is still not enough.
I am Bipolar II and have been taking Lamictal 200mg for the past year with great success but I started experiencing severe depression after a manic episode. My psych prescribed Latuda about 9 months ago. In the beginning I was on 40 mg and I began to better but my psych thought if 40mg is good 60mg is better. Well that turned me into a zombie. My whole body slowed down. I became extremely claustrophobic like I was going to stop breathing. I had to take it at night with dinner because it knocked me right out. I had my psych reduce my dosage to 40mg then to 20mg. However now that I 'm on 20mg I still feel some depression so I don 't know if it 's worth being on. I do get Latuda for $15 a month using their savings card with my insurance.
I loved it for getting me away from mixed episodes in Bipolar Disorder. But it made me feel dead inside.  I 'm going off the 300 XR and going onto 100 instant release because 300 was just too much for me.   Hoping I can get into a hospital if a mixed episode raises it 's ugly head again
At first it seemed to make the migraines not so unbearable. The weight loss was nice too! It did make me drowsy at first. I also couldn 't think straight and find the right words. I saw light trails esp at night. But I struggled through for a few years thinking I would get over the side effects. Ultimately I didn 't think the benefits were worth the side effects. Everyone is different.
I had my hopes up waiting to pick this medicine up and begin taking it. It worked really great for a week, then stopped working not sure why. My Neurologist took me up to 200mg in the morning but still nothing.
I had paragard inserted in July 2016.  Iread reviews online &amp; expected the worst.  I took 3 aleve beforehand. During the procedure I had 3 intense cramps &amp; it was done.  I had a small amount of spotting that day, no cramping, felt fine the next day. My 1st period came with the paragard I had brown spotting a few day before it actually started, it was a little hard to tell when it actually started. Read online that many users had bloody masacres on their periods, mine was suprisingly light.   few weeks later I noticed foul fishy odor, went to my ob &amp; had BV (never had this before).  The next month I got BV again was told it was normal. Flash forward Dec 16, I had horrible stabbing pains, had an ultrasound, was told my IUD was falling out, so they took it out &amp; I was given plan b.
My doctor gave me this cream for my vaginal dryness and pain and burning when I urinate. I 'm 47 years old I don 't have my period since this January, and started with the terrible dry vagina symptoms. I just started using the cream so far I haven 't noticed the bad side effects yet and I hope I won 't have it. I noticed when I urinate that the burning sensation is less. This morning when I woke up I feel my vagina less dry, but half of the day the dryness came back. I hope the more time I used the cream the symptoms of dry vagina go completely. I have avoided having sex with my husband because I 'm afraid is going to hurt more. I 'm very motivated reading the reviews I read before and maybe I can return to enjoy sex again.
I have been on these tablets for 3 days now, for border line personality. I 've been so tired after I take the 100mg at night but my anger is still a problem, and I 'm feeling a tiny bit less like I 'm lonely and no one understands me and my emotions. But honestly not much of a change. I just still don 't know if my life 's going to get any better.
Generalized anxiety disorder - 22 year old male.Paxil did help with my anxiety however, it made things seem more dull. The things I used to enjoy became boring. I stopped taking it after 2 months. I 'm now starting Effexor XR. No other side effects.
Man. It hasn 't been a month &amp; my body is all out of wack. Mood swings, lack of sex drive, extreme hunger within minutes of taking the pill, headaches, dry mouth &amp; vagina! 
I have been on 200mg of buproprion xl for about 2 years and I can say that it has had a great effect on my life.  First off, I quit smoking.  The urge to smoke was like, GONE!  My mood was great for about 1 1/2 yrs and I feel that this is a great medicine for most.  I did gain weight on it and my appetite has actually INCREASED, so I guess I am one of the unlucky ones.  I have noticed some withdrawal symptoms if I miss a dose, which is something else to consider.  It has stopped being effective for me and I am concerned about raising my dosage due to the withdrawal symptoms I have experienced.  I am constantly tired and lethargic and recently had a major depressive episode. 
I 've been on Lexapro for two days with Ativan for emergencies. I 'm very pleased with Lexapro for being just a few days and already seeing a difference, plus medicine usually makes me very sick and this did not. Its nice to go to bed and not have 2 or 3 panic attacks with over thinking and palpitations. My only dislike, so far, is that it makes my teeth feel very strange and it 's a little annoying. And also since it makes me tired, I take it before bed. But if I miss that window of being severely tired and don 't fall asleep, then I am up for hours and hours. Still very tired, but restless. I hope to see those side effects go away after a long period of taking them.
I 'm currently 21 yrs old and have had Skyla for a little over a year now. The insertion was unpleasant and painful.The cramps I experienced after were the worst cramps I have ever felt before. Please take a pain killer immediately if you feel any cramping. Every time I experience the cramping it makes me want to vomit and cry. I have never cramped this bad before having Skyla. I believe this has helped with my acne but I still breakout majorly when it 's that time. When that time comes around I experience the same painful cramping but only for a couple days. Another down side is my period lasts for about 2 weeks! There are no signs of my period decreasing or stopping even after a year of insertion.Overall, I regret the Skyla.
I 'm writing my experience due to the fact when I was researching skyla I couldn 't find very many reviews....my experience wasn 't horrible yet wasn 't the best I decided to get skyla in Oct of 2014 it was newly out I decided on it rather then mirena since skyla was lower dosed and smaller I haven 't had any kids initially the insertion did hurt but wouldn 't say excruciating Dr wrote for a valium before hand so that helped I 'm sure after insertion felt fine went to work didn 't have any crazy cramps or bleeding all was good up until about 4 months in I started getting crazy cystic acne on my face and back never had acne before and started getting really bad sharp pains here and there so I waited skyla out for about 7 months then had it removed
Well,after trying several birth control methods, after experiencing a lot of mood changes and then got panic attacks and depression, I decided finally to put copper IUD in.Now it is 5 months in, and still very painful periods, sometimes I cannot move. Not to mention that I cannot stand the pain with at least 3 pills of ibuprofen per day. It last more now, before I had it 3 days, now is 5, and then spotting 2-3 more, so total around 7. It is nice not to think about the protection and not to have mood changes, but I have decided if these cramps do not stop after 6 months I think I will let it be removed. I heard so many comments here and on the other sites...and everybody is different of course. I wish it worked for me from the beginning.
I 've had migraines since I was 12, they went away from the time I was 16 until recently at the age of 20. I 've been hospitalized because they have been so severe this time around. Fioricet is the only thing that has any effect on my migraines, but it takes about two hours to even start to help. Even then, it 'll only knock it from a ten down to a nine, or an eight if I 'm really lucky. I have linked my headaches back to food allergies, which I 'm discovering more and more of every week. I have to read every ingredient and prepare all meals myself, which is extremely difficult as a college student commuting. If you cannot find the source of your migraines, try eliminating malted wheat barely, MSG, sodium nitrate and chocolate.
I got 5mg samples from my doctor for depression and anxiety and took almost the whole sample bottle but had to stop. This drug affected me very oddly and I couldn&rsquo;t take it anymore. In the beginning I felt like I was on speed, which I didn&rsquo;t mind. It got rid of my depression and anxiety almost immediately. My confidence came back and I could get up in the morning. Towards the end, however, I had increased cravings for food, I went from not being able to sleep at all to having to sleep ALL DAY. My nipples almost got really tender and a little swollen. I knew I had to get off this medication it was horrible. Hopefully Wellbutrin will work for me.
I 'm 15 years old and I have taken a wide variety of antidepressants. I find Lexapro to be one of the better ones. I take 10mg of Lexapro and it does alright. I have noticed a 10  Pound weight gain on about 1 1/2 months of taking this. From my experiences with antidepressants, I do not like them. This is my 4th antidepressant and I just can 't find the right one.
My doctor started me on Microgestin over a year ago to control my endometriosis symptoms. So far, it has helped completely with the irregular bleeding I was experiencing. I still have pain, so it hasn 't 100% helped with that aspect. One side effect that almost made me stop altogether was the breast tenderness. I do notice that I get a small amount of acne at times. I have suffered with migraines for 17 years and I honestly feel that this  medicine brings them on or makes them worse. I have recorded 21 migraines in less than a year so am currently considering switching to another method of birth control.
Day 4 on this medication. Note I did not have any symptoms before being diagnosed but now it burns when I urinate and even after. Other than that I 've had no symptoms. And on a positive note, it has cleared 80% of my acne which is awesome! Let 's hope it gets rid of my infection.
I used this medicine for the two day treatment two weeks ago and my symptoms are coming back. It worked but I think I need a few more days of it.
I 'm not sure why so many people like this drug for insomnia. First night took 50mg &amp; slept for 5 hours. Second night took 100mg &amp; slept for 6 hours. Third night took 150mg &amp; slept for 7 hours. So I thought everything was cool at 150mg, but after 1 week it started to become less effective &amp; was only getting 4 hours of sleep on 150mg. I would even try to split the dose (take 50mg an hour before bedtime &amp; 100mg at bedtime) but nothing gave. I think Zyprexa works better, but got on this because zyprexa makes you gain weight on ANY dose, while seroquel 's weight gain is more dose related (supposedly). Stopped taking it since it sucks at KEEPING me asleep (though it is good at putting me to sleep).
I had this inserted February 2013 after my Implanon was due for removal (I didn 't have a period with Implanon for 3 years and was really pleased). The insertion was fine but within about 2-3 weeks I had my period for at least a month. It 's now Sept 2015 and I have my period for literally 3 weeks of the month every month, this can reach to 4 weeks now and again. If I have a 4 week period I won 't have another one for sometimes 1 week or 4 weeks and it 's the same on and on. This month has been dreadful, I have been depressed, stressed, crying, bleeding for 3 weeks now and I feel dizzy nearly every day. My period was ending and started again as it was ending. It 's absolute torture. So I 'm getting it out on Tuesday, can 't handle it anymore!
I started taking this medication primarily for birth control and acne treatment. My experience while on this medication has been fair. It has done a good job preventing pregnancy so far. It didn 't really do anything to improve my acne and I still get the hormonal acne along the jaw line. I also feel extra tired, brain fogged, and very moody at times. I also felt more anxious depressed after beginning it and even had to start taking anti depressants because of it. The only reason I 'm still taking it is because the side effects are somewhat manageable and it has prevented pregnancy so far.
I got the Implanon inserted in September 2011. So far so good, the only side effects I have had are headaches and cravings. I have not gain any weight because I work out at least three times a week. I was on my period when it was inserted so far no period yet. I did cramp as though it was trying to come. I 'm a 43 year old women and tired of periods.
I 've had ParaGard since March of 2015 (it 's now May 2016) and am looking to have it removed. Pros: It 's hormone free (huge plus if you 're a breastfeeding mom and dont want your milk supply to decrease). And the insertion process wasnt so bad. Some cramping afterwards and bleeding for quite a few days after. Cons: I constantly have discharge and have to wear pantiliners on a regular basis. And I 'm not talking light discharge. It 's thick, gooey and muscousy. I have gone to 2 different OBGYNs regarding this (to make sure I didnt have an infection) &amp; both said it 's a normal side effect. It seriously grosses me out &amp; this is the main reason I am getting it taken out. My periods are also heavy and last 7-10 days. Its awful! Time for a new BC.
I 've been on Saxenda for just over a month. Initially, I had to really push through the side effects. It does help with appetite control and feeling full quicker. As for weight loss, only a few pounds which is disappointing. I 'm also getting swelling and redness at the injection site now.
Before trying Bactrim, I had attempted a number of treatments. The last I had tried before it was Accutane, which I took for 5 months and which benefited me only for a short while. After my acne returned, my dermatologist suggested I try something different, and gave me a prescription for Bactrim. I was so happy as I didn 't break out when I started it and it had cleared the acne from my face for an entire year. This month however the acne returned and it couldn 't have done so at a worse time - I have planned a 2 month trip to South America with a group of friends. I can no longer rely on Bactrim and will need to find an alternative (I feel like I 've tried every  'solution ' there is).
I have been on Lyrica for a little over a year now. My doctor started me on it as soon as it was approved. At first, with the smaller dosage it did nothing. Now I take 225mg in the morning and another 225mg at bedtime. It has helped me sleep at night a little better but other than that, I haven 't had the relief as some have described here. It 's frustrating to say the least. Considering the fact that I am also on Xanax, Clonazepam, Hydrocodone, Tramadol, Trazadone and Savella. Some I only take 1 x per day, others 3 x per day and a couple 2x per day. Lyrica was added after Tramadol. I had no side effects from it and it did not interfere with the other medicines that I am on. I was losing weight easily before, but now it is a bit harder. I 'm staying on it.
When I first started taking Beyaz it was great. I had no problems but towards the end of the cycle I had terrible attitude, was very emotional, nauseous and too many headaches. Once my period was gone it came back a day after and it was light to medium. Very bad cramps. My appetite increased a lot more when I started. But everyone 's body is different and would react different to the pills.
Was given after tonsillectomy a few months ago! Not sure if any pain medicine could cut the intensity of that but I felt like it was mediocre. Better than nothing, though!
Took 4 hours to work on first litre of Moviprep...was up all night
This mediicne was given to me as I was being taken off an antidepressant and has given me headaches, nausea, joint pain, and feeling of not being fully alert.  I was started at a 1500mg daily dose and I think that is way too high for me.  I have been at this dose for over three months and the doctors seem to think that the side effects are outweighed by the positives.  I have felt more depressed since they put me on this but they don%u2019t worry about that it. I would rather have the antidepressants back at least, I could be a human with them.
Hi I recently got diagnosed with BV and the medicine was awful. I usually get rid of infections naturally but this time I tried the medicine. The medicine made me very nauseous and I had horrible diarrhea.  Even after taking the medicine I still have diarrhea and I can still taste the medicine in my mouth .  I stopped taking the medicine because of the side effects . Next time I will be trying the gel. Thanks for listening.  I hoped  I hope someone with my experience :) ....
HelloNot wanting to just believe everything you read and wanting to trust my medical team. I tried one pearl today. I need something to quite a dry cough that won 't end. Otherwise my vitals are good - no fever - no mucus - no strep.Within an hour of taking one pearl - i just feel weird. Head is buzzing. I would not be comfortable in a group setting. It may help my cough but I feel stoned. Why can 't we have open discussions with MDs about using lows dose codeine without feeling we are drug addicts. I have some 5mg hydro + 325 Acetaminophen that create none of what I am feeling now. However;I do not have the cough though so it does work. Conclusion: Not a fan. It appears to work. I do not prefer this solution.
I like the medication but it does dry me out some times. So I drink lots of water. I also do notice it helps you sleep. I haven 't been on this medicine long just about two months.
I was on this pill for 4 months and half. I didn 't finish the last month because I COULD NOT stand the way I was feeling anymore. I had constant mood swings and was irritated basically all the time. My acne got worse even after having been on the pill for 4 months already. I switched now to a progesterine-only pill because I was having terrible migraines as well.
I 've been taking 250mg for almost a week.  At first I felt a bit euphoric, but that quickly passed.  Now I just feel physically anxious- sweating, increased heart rate and blood pressure, heat waves.  I 'm cutting down to 150mg and hoping that the effects subside as I get used to being on the medicine.  If this anxiety does not go away, I cannot continue on the medication.
I didn 't use it long enough to see if it would prevent my monthly migraine but I wanted to share the side effects I experienced.  I started with 25 milligrams twice a day for 7 days and felt ok but did experience some tingling in my feet and fingers.  Then I increased to 50 milligrams twice a day per doctor 's order and things really changed.  I started having the craziest dreams every night.  Tingling was very pronounced every day in feet and hands.  I couldn 't get out of bed easily. I felt very lethargic and really like a zombie. I kind of had a flat affect and felt very robotic at times. Other times I was very depressed and irritable or even angry.  I stopped taking it. Also was hungry all the time. That was not normal for me at all.
I was diagnosed with psuedotumor cerebrae, hypertension in the brain caused by high levels of fluid.  I have been on Diamox for several months.  It worked then I needed another spinal tab, they upped my dose to 3 caps a day. Manufacturer and pharmacist both said NO, so now I am back on 2 caps a day; and the fluid is back!  I can 't take it anymore!
My liver has always looked fine on ultrasounds.  Since I 've been taking Seroquel (4 years)  my liver is enlarged, fatty and dense. However, I have been on various anti depressive meds for 35 years and the liver has to process this every day. It also made me drowsy. Don 't know if Seroquel made my liver this way or just all the years on meds. I am currently coming off Seroquel and onto Lamictal and Rexulti. Fingers crossed! Good luck to you all, it 's a very tough condition to live with!
Hello: I have taken 5mg doses once a day for the past 2 1/2 weeks for  High blood pressure and stress. I noticed no effect and had none of the bad side effects I 've heard of here.  One thing - I do think I am dreaming more.  Not nightmares but very vivid dreams. I may be a little calmer during the day but I can hardly notice *any* changes.   I will stay with this for a while longer and see what happens.
I just got mine in a month ago and I feel and look really bloated all the time. I 've been on my period for almost 2 weeks I don 't like it so I 'm getting it removed tomorrow.
My 7 yr old daughter just started taking Vyvnase 40mg in the morning after 7 yrs of avoiding medications, she has completely slowed down and is able to focus. My only concern is her having dry mouth and biting on the inside of her jaw, this is her first day hopefully it just needs a few days to adjust. BIG difference already. I hope this is all we need and it continues to get better.
This was the first birth control I was ever put on due to a scare I had.Overall, this was a very good medication, however I had one major issue.  My period would arrive unexpectedly, sometimes lasting only a day.  It began to arrive every other week.  My doctor wanted me to switch right away.Acne:  I did break out in the very beginning, but after one or two weeks, my skin cleared up and stayed beautiful.Weight gain: noneHeadaches/Migraines: noneMood swings: lightPregnant: noOverall, I would 've liked this birth control very much if it didn 't destroy my cycle.
This is my 6th month on Gildess (my first form of birth control taken). I 'm really confused with how my body is reacting to it. It made my vagina weirdly dry, mood swings were present before but were somehow amplified, and I bleed even when I 'm not on my period (not just spotting, like a solid week before my period week). I 'm trying out Gildess Fe 1.5/30 to see if it was a dosage problem, but it might be the brand itself. Wish me luck and good luck to all who try it!
My 6 yo was on Abilify for two months.  His temper tantrums and ability to concentrate were greatly improved, however, the gained 20 pounds and the doctor took him off it.  He was also very weepy and emotional on it.
I was initially scared to go on Zoloft, as I had been on it when I was 12 for depression and I was told I was a despondent zombie. I 'm 18 now and have probably taken 10 different antidepressants. Two months ago I began having horrible intrusive thoughts, and this was the first drug recommended. I agreed to try it after some pushing from my doctor and more experimentation. The first two weeks was hell; I couldn 't keep anything down. I lost 18 pounds in two weeks. My OCD is better but it 's still not great. I had periods of derealization when switching doses and some of it has stayed. I 'm currently on 100mg and probably going to up my dose.
I took it for three 1/2 weeks it gives some pain relief. 200 MG per day. I prefer the hydrocodon. It made me very tired after 6 8 hours, and effected my vision some when reading close. Probably good for some if you don 't travel much and can just stay home.
I was on Skyla for about 2 years and had an okay experience.The pros- insertion and removal were quick and easy, just a pinch. I had some cramping following both but in both cases it didn 't last longer than a day. Not having to worry about taking the pill. This was the entire reason I got on. It was nice not to worry about it. The cons- Irregular bleeding. Some months I had the heaviest flow which would last 10 days and others I had light sporting for 2 days. It was very frustrating to be inconsistent. Also, body acne. I started breaking out on my back, shoulders, chest, and neck all places I had never had before. Anxiousness during sex, I know the Dr says it can 't be moved, but I felt pain/fear when a partner went too deep. Hope I helped!
I am still a little scared of this medicine. I started with the Green starter pack and smoked all the way through it, even though I didn 't need to - almost as a way to test the drug and say goodbye to my best friend/worst enemy. On day 8, no more smoking. I 'm on my third pack. I notice I sleep more than I did during the 18 years I have smoked 1.5-2 packs a day. I don 't have a reason to get up so early before work anymore. Funny how we adjust our lives and compromise our health and ignore our symptoms to fit/keep our habit. No wild dreams so far, but I definitely have a increased emotional response - either way, anger or tears. So far so good.
I was given samples if dexilant from my Dr.  I was recently diagnosed with GERD. I had mucus in the back of my throat so bad I couldn 't eat anything at all. I could hardly drink water without it irritating the acid in my throat. The dexilant worked like a charm I could eat and I had no side effects. Then after a week of use I started getting bad cramps in my legs.  They just recently spread to my entire body. I went to the er yesterday morning they told me I had tardiv dyskonesia. I stopped taking all my medications a week ago and the cramps are still here they Here.!!  I was given benadryl in the er and was told to continue use for 10days to see if the reaction goes away...  I 'd rather have the diarrhea then constant muscle spasms
I gave it a 5 because Im only on day 5 of treatment. The only reason I 'm leaving a review is because the side effects have been awful already. I 've vomited every single day between last Wednesday (first dose) and today (Monday, 5th dose). I 've had a killer headache 3 out of 5 days. I can 't sleep for longer than a couple of hours, which makes no sense as I 'm on 2 different sedatives - I should definitely be sleeping. And i 've been constantly covered in sweat. Even when I feel cold, I 'm sweating like an animal. I haven 't noticed any mood changes (positive or negative) which is expected because of the short time I 've been taking it. I just thought I 'd share the side effects and hope they go away with continued treatment!
For me the medication worked fine as far as reducing the inflammation. My inflammation was in one of my eyes and it did relieve the inflammation but the side effects, wow. I have been drowsy off and on and had terrible stomach pains. For me I added this to my do not take list but for someone who is not taking it everyday probably would not have as much stomach upset. I took it every day for almost two weeks. Too long for something that is hard on someone 's stomach.
I am having nightmares, hallucinations, swollen ankles, legs with spots, falling down, sudden sleep, itchy skin,  Also, shock at the fact that the cost went from $7 per 90 tabs to $249 for 180 in just 18 months.  Will not continue due to cost.  This is what I pay after Humana says they pay.  
Well it has been a rollercoaster for me. Very moody depression kicks in, mad all the time at my bf, periods come whenever they want too, very emotional, haven 't seen weight gain, no sex drive at all. Considering taking it off
I took this mainly for easing the pain of periods and then got into a relationship later on. It has definitely kept me from getting pregnant and shortened my periods by days but I 've gained at least fifteen pounds and I have gotten insanely emotional. It 's really miserable. 
Severe cramping and nauseous after I was took 2 pills at 7:50 pm woke up at 3:00 am with stomach burning sensation and throwing up &amp; '  after I use the restroom
I 'm 65 and have had weak flow for years.  It seems I 've tried every drug available, but not much relief.  First dose of Rapaflo gave noticeable improvement within hours.  I thought I had found the solution until the diarrhea started.  Cut the dose to the 4mg capsule once per day and diarrhea solved, but sexual problems set in.  No ejaculation.  Judging from this site this is not a minor side effect, but almost a guarantee.  After a few weeks I began to have increasing difficulty reaching orgasm at all.  My sex life is fading fast.  Rated +10 for effectiveness and 0 for side effects.
After several failed attempts by two different ARNP 's in the same day at a PP clinic, I finally got my IUD placed by an MD at a larger PP location yesterday. First off, the difference between a nurse and a doctor is amazing, ladies. Nurses can 't use drugs--doctors CAN. Bear that in mind if you 're going in for a first time placement! And yes, going in while bleeding probably helped.Not sure how I feel about it yet. Cramps were almost non-existent prior to yesterday evening. They have been sort of going in and out now, very sharp for several minutes, then gone for about an hour or so. At this point, I 'm just hoping my body doesn 't completely reject it.
Third day taking this med, I 'm having aching in my fingers wrists and biceps.
Took it for 27 days. Did control weight for sure. Never had an erection for those 27 days (very unusual). Hypoglycemia in the morning every day. Stopped taking it.
I got the Implanon in October 2009 three weeks after giving birth to my second son. At first I did get anxiety pretty bad but it went away quickly. My periods pretty much stopped. Every once in a while I will get a normal period. But for the last month and a half I have been having horrible headaches, no sex drive, mood swings but worst of all I have been having random pains all over my body. My doctor says its neurological. I have had an MRI ultrasound and all kinds of blood work. 
I started using Epiduo on May 8th 2013, the next 5 days didn 't find any visible change. I applied very little gel every night before bed. Next day washed face.On 5th day I got few acne on my cheeks and forehead. Day 6 - heavy redness on full face with severe itchy. Day 7- called my Dermatologist. She said use it alternate days and it will be fine. Still heavy redness and very severe itching. Day 8- itching reduced leaving no changes to redness. Day 9- itching reduced further and redness became rose. I could see its healing. Skin dried out so I had to use Cetaphil moisturizer whole day.Day 10- I could see the redness visibly fading away leaving the skin clearer. Itching reduced a lot, skin dry.I hope I could see positive results within next 2 week.
I 've just started on the 7.5 XR 7 days ago after 2 weeks of the trial dosage. Thankfully no side effects but also no weight loss at all. I feel as though I 'm eating less and not quite as hungry as usual and I have started walking 2 1/2-3 miles 6 days a week so I 'm really puzzled why no weight loss. I am hoping I 'm just off to a slow start and will keep doing what I 'm doing and try to cut out my carbs a little better. I will update at the end of my month but any thoughts or suggestions will be welcomed!
I have been on Armour since October  '13. I was diagnosed hypothyroid. I have steadily gained weight ever since I started. 20lbs. It has not helped with my cold hands or feet, dry skin, or fatigue. My hair has stopped falling out so bad but that is about the only thing good I can say about this. Also, Im not sure if its related  but I 've had serious worsening of lower back pain since starting this. 
So I have my colonoscopy in two hours &amp; had to do my prep last night. I drank clear liquids all day yesterday &amp; was so hungry! I took my first dose at about 4:30pm, and let me tell you. The taste is so horribly indescribable. I thought I was going to puke the entire time. Then you are supposed to drink 32oz of water in two hours. As if you&rsquo;re not already feeling sick &amp; full. It started working in about an hour &amp; lasted until about 10pm. I had nightmares all night about having to wake up and drink it again at 5am. I also had really pain intestinal pains that kept waking me up all night. 4:45 rolls around &amp; I force myself to drink the Suprep &amp; the same thing ... started gagging and was so close to vomiting.. hopefully I&rsquo;ll be all cleaned out
I have a love/hate relationship with this drug. When I take it i am headache free but if i forget to take it just one time I have the worst headache imaginable the next day. Like a hangover headache with nausea and dizziness. It is worse than the headaches I had before I started taking the medication. I 've also noticed my energy levels are way lower and I am super constipated everyday. Dr did advise me about the constipation but not the lack of interest in doing things. I am super slow and have literally no energy to do anything. So I am not sure if it is related. I want to try to get off medicine but dr advises against this. I am not sure what to do.
I was on the NuvaRing for almost 2 years before discontinuing due to side effects. At first, it was very convenient and I did not gain any weight. Over time though, I started to experience worse and worse heart palpitations, dizziness, anxiety and paranoia. I noticed these symptoms would intensify the day I took my NuvaRing out. I have been off it for about a year and I feel much better.
I get UTI 's all the time, they always give me this. Unfortunately with taking this medication I 've gotten a lot of lower back pain, vomitting, and muscle weakness. It also takes a couple days for the pain to go away and the medicine to kick in. Thankfully, it clears up the UTI within 5/7 days.
I have been on Beyaz for about 3 weeks after switching from yaz due to cost. Now and I feel more bloated, depressed, and have experienced weight gain.  I have also had headaches.  I haven 't had a real period in several months since Yaz would just make me have cramping, not actually bleeding. I even have taken tests to ensure I wasn 't pregnant because I wasn 't bleeding. I 'm not sure if the same thing works for Beyaz or not.  I just hope my body adapts to this and I start to lose weight again and get energy back.
I am on 20mg.  I take it right before I go to bed.  After 15 minutes my heart starts racing.  However, I have no problems falling asleep.  If I had to take this in the morning I wouldn 't be able to stand the racing heart.  Other than that, I feel good so far.  My cholesterol was 204 &amp; triglycerides are at 130.  I am 43 and have started walking 3 miles at a good pace 5-6 days a week.  Drinking lots of water and no caffeine.  I have just had my next blood work since being on this medicine, so we 'll see if it 's doing it 's job.
Well I 'm on day 9 of contrave. The 1st week with the 1 pill a day, I felt absolutely no difference. Now that I have taken 2 days of the one pill in the morning and one in the evening, I feel slightly depressed and I have headaches. Now I can 't completely say it 's the side effects of the medicine because my monthly cycle is upon me as well. So I 'm going to push through the depression and pray for the best. My starting weight was 181 and I 'm down 3 pounds even with the bloating of mother nature. I notice I pee alot more but once again tht may not be the medicine. Week 3 I should be able to see how this medicine is effecting me
I 've been suffering from depression since I was in my teens. However, I 've just been diagnosed with it 1 month ago. I had been having major panic attacks and anxiety issues, so much to the stage I thought people were following me. The doctor prescribed me Mirtazapine which I was rather anxious about taking, due to reviews online. The first night I took it I went to bed and became really twitchy and restless through the night, I had spells where I woke up during the night. After the first night I had the best sleep ever, I slept till late which was rare, I have had a better outlook on life, I still have my low days and times where I don 't want to get out of bed and times where I just want to run away. The doctor has now upped my dose to 30mg
My son is 8 yrs old and could not hold anything down. The doctor gave him Zofran and he began to have hallucination! Well come to find out he is the 27 reported case in the U.S. He had to be sent to a children 's hospital. My daughter is 2 and had Zofran she did really well. She did a complete 360 in minutes. Just goes to show how everybody is different.
Not bad
I first was inflicted with Herpes Simplex in my right eye over 35 year ago. Treatment then consisted of getting rid of the virus including steroids and then weening off all meds. Much similar now but Dr. prescribed Acyclovir to protect against the re-occurance. Ever since I started taking the drug, my eye socket aches, my eye waters and is red, plus I get occasional  hot flash. My Dr has cut my dose in half from 400ml to 200 ml. but i still have the symptoms. I will go back and request an alternative medication.
I loved this pill at the beginning, highly recommend it for young adults that are going through late teen puberty , it was great to start off on as a BC but after three  going on 3 1/2  years I began to notice my anxiety levels shot through the roof at the week before my period. I kept brushing it off as PMS but it started to become worse after I began to dread taking the pill after the 2 weeks of the pack, knowing my third week was coming up. Long term it did what a birth control is suppose to do, clear acne, didn 't gain much weight (I 'm very petite) and had my periods every month. Just know after 3 years I definitely started to get tired of a pill changing my moods HEAVILY. May be biased opinion but would not recommend to stay on this pill for Years
Love the medication itself BUT the plastic is too hard to satisfactorily press to get two or even sometimes one drop to release. I hope they address this immediately because the cost of the medication Vs the questionable ability to apply is making me rethink using it.
I have temporal lobe seizures. I have taken Trileptal for many years and it has helped controlled the seizures. However; I have been having issues with low sodium. The doctors blame it on the Trileptal. So to fix the problem, they suggest eating high sodium foods, fluid restriction, and no water. Water dilutes the sodium. They also suggested that I add about a teaspoon of salt to my meals. So what I do for thirst is drink Gatorade but only a few sips. But you got to becareful and not to drink more than a liter of fluid in a day as this is what is recommended by the doctor. My neurologist recommended that I drink gatorade. So most of the time I drink Gatorade when I eat my meals.
I started taking this medication about 3 years ago for Depression/Social Anxiety. I will say for depression this drug worked wonders, not so much anxiety though. However, recently I 've decided to try for the 3rd time to stop taking it. The withdrawal you get from Effexor is the worst feeling.
My doctor put me on Keppra to see if it will help with my problems of completing sentences and being at a loss of words. I haven 't been on the medicine long, but the side effects are very apparent. I feel almost drunk sometimes I am nauseous and dizzy and have not noticed any change in my condition. I have to be very aware and on top of my game to do my job.
I was diagnosed 14 yrs ago with Fibromyalgia. My doctor prescribed Elavil.10 mg. per day. It helped me sleep better but heart began beating to fast and was discontinued. Helped a little with pain.
I 've used it on and off, and I definitely see slowed hair growth.  The only problem I have is that it slows growth, it doesn 't remove. This results in hair coming out &quot;just a little bit&quot;, i.e., very, very short hairs, which are not so much seen as felt.  And they 're very hard to remove because so short (and I only use Tweezerman!)It actually takes me longer to pluck the short stunted growth hairs than the full grown hairs.Oh, well. I 'm hoping that once I do get them, they won 't grow back and I 'll be on my way to a smooth chin!!
I got the implant on August 2015 and ever since then I have been bleeding non stop!  I also have a very low sex drive which makes me want to get it removed. I 've never been a moody person but I think this birth control is messing with my emotions. I know I 've only had it for going on 3 weeks now but if it doesn 't change I 'm going to have it taken out and switch to something else.
Very painful muscle and joint problems from this medication.  Searing pain in elbows, wrists, knees, etc. Never had this before taking this medication. My  husband is also on this pill and is experiencing some of the same problems.
I was on Ortho Tri-Cyclen for over a year. It did what it had to do which was to prevent pregnancy. During the use of the birth control, I had mild spotting in between periods as well as some cramping. But I became very depressed and emotional. Anything would set me off. I would be happy one moment then I would start crying. Now I 've been off for two months and my family and friends can tell the difference.
I take 5mg for generalized anxiety disorder in an as needed basis. It makes sleepy and it doesnt help with the anxiety as I want it too. It is perfect for insomnia but for anxiety, it doesnt do much for me.
Got the typical starter pack. One week at 10mg - noticeable antidepressant effect, side effects of diarrhea and weird dreams. One week at  20 mg -  suddenly had tons of energy. Found myself getting lots of housework done, starting up projects I had been putting off for months, but no true enjoyment of things I loved. Diarrhea remained, some insomnia started. 5 weeks at  40 mg - Energy remained good at first, wasn 't depressed but wasn 't happy either. Just became numb like  with all other SSRI 's I 've tried. Diarrhea persisted. Had trouble getting up each morning and felt foggy all day but still had energy to get things done. NO libido. Anhedonia persisted. Not the right drug for me.
I 've had skyla for almost two years and I 'm very iffy on how I feel towards it. The insertion wasn 't bad, just a big cramp. My period used to be only a few days, very heavy, and I never had cramps. With skyla I have light spotting that lasts twice as long with some pretty TERRIBLE cramps and nausea. The week before I get the spotting I have extreme cravings and gain like five pounds and then lose it all right away from barely eating the week I spot. I used to struggle with acne and now my skin is always clear. My spouse is sometimes jabbed by the strings. I didn 't want something with a lot of hormones so I chose skyla over other forms of birth control, but I feel like the cons may outweigh the pros for me.
I 've been on it for 2 years and the side effects were minimal at first but after a year I began to experience servere insomnia and my brain wouldn 't shut down at night.  I lost a great deal of sleep and now my doctor has me taking dyphenhidromine to counteract these side effects but it isn 't working well. I keep my appointments with my HIV doctor every 6 months so he can do blood workups and check everything.  My viral load is undectable and CD4 count is around 700-800.
My doctor gave me 75mg of Nucynta every 6 hours for a second degree burn I got on my arm at work. I have an intolerance to pain killers and get sick off any kind I take with Nucynta. I did feel nausea but did not vomit which is a first for me, however the grogginess of this medication was still affecting me when I woke up for work 8 hours after my dose. It 's a give or take game I suppose.
I took one, with no effect for an entire day. Took another, no effect after more than 8 hours. Was frustrated at this point and desperate for relief, so I took two. In a few hours I finally passed the rocky compacted stool, but then every other hour or so I woke up from severe cramps, stomach pain, nausea... Bad diarrhea all day and into the next night, cramps and pain continuing as well. I 'm still suffering and just want it to stop... If I ever need a laxative again this will NOT be my medication of choice. It feels like having food poisoning, the flu, or severe menstrual cramps. Side effects aren 't worth it.
After 3 years on naprosyn 500 one a day I started to get irritable anxious finding fault all the time about stupid things. As soon as I stopped I was normal again .  I don 't know what tablet to take now as I am very sensitive to a lot of drugs.
Started Saxendra on Tues. July 25th. 46 years old, 5 '6&quot; starting weight 201lbs. Starting dose 0.6. Was still hungry and craving sugars and bad snacks. Upped dosage for second week to 1.2Day 3 of 1.2 mg huge headache with nausea/vomiting. Had to come home from work. On Monday I tweaked my neck backing up a trailer at the boat launch. So, I 'm attributing the vertigo and nausea to that?I went for a chiropractic adjustment today for my neck. I guess we 'll see if that is the cause of my nausea.  Could be the drug, could be the tweak? Since I 've upped the dose to 1.2 I 'm not hungry at all and nothing seems to be appetizing. Forcing myself to eat something. the &quot;off switch&quot; in my brain  to tell me when I 'm full finally works!!!!
Been taking Arimidex for nearly 6 years now. Side effects for me are joint &amp; bone pain, weird feeling in my chest that wakes me up. Weight gain, hair thinning &amp; occasional hot flushes. I take calcium tabs and alendronic acid for my bones. Apart from that I 'm grateful to be alive.
Well its only my second month almost third and my experience has been very well until I randomly got my period and since then have been spotting since then. I get cramps randomly in class and have discharge in my underwear. I don 't recommend this pill. I think its awful
Worked for about a month then I started sleeping 13-15 hours a night and lost all motivation.
I have always had a problem with focus and attention and recently was told I have ADHD, I am currently on Vyvanse and when I started it, I found the first few days to be great. I almost felt superhuman with myself because I was able to start and finish things in one go and felt more active. I have had to have my dosage increased and I feel that as I take this medication, the effectiveness of it is dissipating and being replaced with a feeling of being &quot;Frantic&quot; and sightly anxious as well as it is affecting my mood and causing me to feel adgitated. I will be asking my doctor about trying something else as I feel that just increasing the dosage again would cause the feelings I am getting to becoming worse
Although a very good medicine to overcome the performance anxiety, however one must take into account its two long term side effects:1. Risk of diabetes due to this medicine2. memory lossPlease share your experience.
I had the implant inserted June 2015 for 3 weeks my arm had a bruise and my arm was in pain. For 2 months I had non stop spotting! Too embarrassed to have sex cause of the spotting. The first month I experienced mood swings, depression, hair loss and, migraines by the third month I still experienced all side effects except the spotting stopped. I had it removed yesterday, I just couldn 't handle all those side effects any longer
I was on remicade for nearly 5 years. it was working great for me up until last October when I started developing sinus infections. I am in remission but yet I still can 't work  - my life isn 't normal anymore time to switch it up
I got this in 8 weeks after I had my baby, and I didn 't have a period for a few weeks, and now I 've been on my period for almost 4 months. NON STOP. It hasn 't gotten lighter, and it 's not spotting. It has made me super moody, and it started to make me gain weight but I got back on my ADD meds so it evened each other out. The only reason I 'm still on this is because I wouldn 't remember a pill. Oh, and I 've never had any bladder infections until I had this. I had one almost every month since I 've had this.
I 've had Nexplanon for 3 years. I stopped having periods after the first six months, and that 's been great. It 's very effective. The major downside: I got terrible acne, on my face, chest, and back with Nexplanon. I never used to break out before (I 'm 21). I wouldn 't say it made me gain weight, but the weight I have gained is almost impossible to lose. I think I will take a break from it just because I want my skin to go back to normal. If you have severe period cramps like I did, I would definitely reccommend.
I have been taking Ritalin for about a month now. It really helps me focus on things. But a downfall is, it is really hard to multi-task. I can only concentrate on one thing at a time, and that makes it very difficult for my school work. Also, I have had a huge loss in appetite. I am not hungry, EVER. During the month I have been on this medicine I have lost almost twenty pounds due to the fact that I never want to eat.
I do not have sensitive skin. The first time I tried using this product, it drys up my face causing redness and flaky. Now it 's hurts so much I have to discontinue this product. My face is so dry and red now.
I have had Mirena in for a little over 7 months. I love it for the fact I have not had a period for the entire time, just a little spotting for about 3 weeks after insertion. But I cramp pretty often still, but at my checkup the doctor told me if I could just make it through the first 6 months I would be good to go. But I 'm still hurting pretty bad. I hate to keep taking medicine because I know it 's not good for my body. I am tired of cramping all the time, because at times it 's so bad I feel like curling up in a ball and sleeping all day. 
I take 10 milligram pills every 8 hours as directed. It is small and extremely easy to swallow, especially for those who dislike taking pills. It eases the muscle spasms enough for me to get comfortable in bed or a chair. However, it does not make me sleepy and I usually don 't feel the ease until about an hour after I take it.
Hi, I am 21 with a two year old. My first bc was the mirena, I had that for a year and had to get off due to having so much pain. after that was removed I got the nexplanon. I had that for 5 months and bled EVERY day. I got that removed on 6/16/16 and right after taking it out I got the skyla put in. it was uncomfortable, but really just a pressured cramp. I had cramps that night but the following day I felt fine and had unprotected sex (24 hrs after getting skyla), no pain at all. I am on day 4 of having skyla and have been cramping all day. it is different for everyone, but only you know your body and what you can and cant handle.
I have been on this pill for over three years. It has regulated my period, making it faster and lighter. It help controls my acne. It 's helped prevent pregnancy. CONS: I get severe migraines to the point where I take over the counter headache relief like candy and still doesn 't help, sometimes end up vomiting from the severity of the pain. I was overweight (230) when I started it, and I gained more weight within the past three years (260). I exercise by walking on a treadmill for 45 min everyday and I eat pretty decently for a college kid. I have not been able to lose any weight, despite my efforts. I never experienced cramps before and I don 't while on this BC either.
I got Implanon about 4 months ago and have not been off my period/spotting since. That alone is very frustrating but I try to work around it when it comes to my sex life. I have not gotten pregnant so it is doing it 's job but along than the spotting. I also get frequent headaches.
This did the job in removing nerve pain (50mg) BUT I couldn 't sleep because I was hyper. Wild dreams, sweats, and constantly waking. Being hyper was super in the day as it completely removed my severe fatigue. Dropped to half dose 25mg to see if it helped. The hyperness continued unfortunately though less, but the nerve pain also returned, though not as severe. Other side effects which are a little worrying: Woke one morning with massive pain in one eye/side of head unlike anything I 've had before. Scary. Also a constant eye tic has developed plus a constant weird dizzy ringing feeling in the head and vertigo when standing. I 'm thinking of stopping though love the extra energy and effect on nerve pain.
When I first started taking this birth control, it was great. My periods stopped and I only had some spotting the first month or so. About two-three months in though, I felt like it made me lose my sex drive a lot and had no libido. On top of this, I noticed I had a lot of vaginal dryness - even before having sex - and this made doing anything sexual not that pleasurable. I also gained a few pounds after beginning the pill. I didn 't experience any change in my acne though, as it is a possible side effect of this particular birth control.
I take Lexapro 20mg once daily and 5mg (for now) three times daily. The first week I didn 't notice much at all.. But now that I 've been taking it for over a week I am starting to notice it 's effects. Most notably when I let it dissolve under my tongue. This medication has no notable side effects. Only downside is its mildly underpowered. To me, Lexapro is the work horse, and Buspar is a helper.
Doctor Prescribed this to me after I was diagnosed with IBS. It seemed to work, but I didn 't believe I was getting full effect. The doctor said at my young age of 17 (I 'm now 18 since August 2017) I should not take as high as a dosage as some people but my pain I had told them I needed more so I moved from 10mg to 20mg. I often get very thirsty as a side affect and I 'm almost always constipated. I 'm actually typing this up as I 'm in the bathroom right now, constipated. I don 't believe I should be taking other medicines like laxatives or probiotics just to make up for this medicine that should be helping me.
Slight improvement in mood, yet still witness episodes of bipolarity/depression, sometimes lasting more than 24 hrs in duration (previously these episodes could last a week or more) not so down and out all the time, negative effect on sexual  'drive ', no real urge to even engage with the opposite sex, let alone participate in sexual activity
I am 83 yrs old an took Detrol for 6 weeks so I could join my family on an Alaska cruise it worked great voice was  raspy but could handle an several other side effects  BUT than came home an realized while in the car my eyes where not what they were before  so stopped taking the medication an am happy to say this morning I took my car and went shopping an eyes were just fine..will only take it when I am going to be gone for several day or an occasion that would require me to set for several hours,,,than I could not make it to the bathroom otherwise
I 've been on Reclipsen for a few years now. I loved it had no problems until the past 8 months. My PMS type symptoms grew increasingly worse and have started to severely affect my life. I feel crazy, mood swings changing within the same hour. Depressed and feeling like something is always off and wrong. Will be switching birth control next week.
I am in my twenties and am currently battling my second yeast infection. For my first one, I used the Monistat 1 ovule with great success. Immediate relief of symptoms, and full treatment overnight. So, when I got my second yeast infection I used the same treatment. Immediately after inserting the ovule and using the cream, I felt the irritation and itching begin to intensify. Less than 30 minutes later I was sitting in the bathtub bawling and feeling like I could pull my hair out. I 'm typically very tolerant to pain and have never had any type of reaction to ANY kind of medication. Next time, I will DEFINITELY be calling my doctor for the oral pill. The pain is not worth the money you might save. Rated 5 because it DOES work, but it hurts.
After reading other reviews, I can 't believe I haven 't switched my birth control method. I have the same symptoms as follow (weight gain, so moody, I have never been so moody, increase vaginal discharge, constant headache, my fiance and I definitely feel the ring during intercourse). On the other hand, pros for the Nuvaring are (lighter and shorter periods, choosing when I start).
While Cipro may clear up my UTI it triggered my seizure potential and lowered my seizure threshold. It also can interfere with seizure meds which isn 't cool for me as it can cause seizures in people with previous head trauma too. Lastly, if also taken with NSAIDS like ibuprofen or aspirin it can raise risk. Use extreme caution if have history of seizures!!!!
This medicine worked pretty well for me. I didn 't realize how well it worked until I went off of it before getting pregnant. The thing I didn 't like about it though was that it always made me feel like I was in a cloud. My thinking wasn 't clear. I would get dizzy. I didn 't notice too much of a weight gain, but there was some. In the end, I chose to try a different med (Savella) after my daughter was born and have been happier with that. Still works and fewer side effects.
Side effect, swollen ankles.
Six weeks since first injections in both knees. Have arthritis and tore the meniscus in both knees last Fall. Right knee is 90% bone on bone. First shots did not hurt. Second shots wow! How I got through it baffles me. Third shot, no pain just uncomfortable. I 'm 47. Noticed a difference after first week; now we are 5 weeks out, right knee is stiff again and am having pain and problems walking. Left knee is hurting but nothing like before the shots. Am hoping insurance will authorize TKR for the right one. Am basically unable to do anything pain free.
My symptoms, including persistent nagging cough, resolved within four (4) weeks of beginning this medicine.  However, after being symptom free for almost 3-6 months, my symptoms returned.  I am now taking double the dose, but have yet to experience the resolution I had initially.
I 've taken this medication for about two years. Everything about it is wonderful, except the cramps I get right before my period are so intense. I wake up in the middle of the night throwing up from the pain. I 've never been through or experienced anything like it and contemplate going to the ER every time it happens. It 's like one intense cramp that won 't let go for 30 minutes or so and typically leaves me in tears. I 've asked my doctor about it and he says it 's normal, but after going through this every period, enough is finally enough. I 'm going to ask to switched back to a typical 1 month dosage. Otherwise, it 's been wonderful only having a period every 3 months with little side effects!
Worked wonders at the start.  Was up to 600mg a day.  I don 't eat the best  but I do think this did make me gain weight.  I live in the great white north but I struggled with balance, fell often, and also had trouble putting my thoughts into words.  These side effects are now gone now that I 'm off this.Balance and communication much better now that I 'm off.
Had a Colonoscopy on a Tuesday. No issues with the Propofol, and no burning or pain at all. Was out like a light, after just a few seconds, before the procedure. Woke up just fine. After two days was able to drive, but still not feeling 100%.By Sun, still quite tired, sleep ea night is very deep, and if I take a nap, it has been extremely difficult to get up. I sometimes feel a bit of a fog, or &quot;not all there.&quot; I thought by now the stuff would have cleared from my system, but it hasn 't.BTW, I don 't drink coffee or and other drinks with stimulants.Hoping the stuff will clear out of my system soon, so I can feel normal once again.Propofol works fine for most people, but everyone is different, so there will be differing side effects.
I tried taking Celexa for 1 month. The main reason for choosing this medicine over others was the cost - very affordable.  However, I was taking it for sadness, fatigue, irritability and anxiety and Celexa only made me more tired.  It did work well for the stress and anxiety, but I slept a lot.  I often fell asleep when I didn 't want to.  I am now trying another medicine that does not make me sleep, but it is very expensive and does not knock out the nerves and stress like Celexa does.
Atralin has been fine and has cleared up my acne and made my skin clearer and smoother. I am 38.  But one thing I noticed, since using the product is that if I do get an occasional breakout, it is hard to heal, scabs a lot and then leaves a small pockmark when healed.
Now that I being told by my primary care Dr. And an ENT that this drug I have taken for three years is the cause of breathing difficulty, a chronic cough, hoarseness, and extreme fatigue, I should be relieved but I am really angry.  I 've been told my symptoms were those of a panic attack twice. I have had numerous tests, prescriptions from several different doctors with no relief only to find out that I have diabetes II and should never have been put on Micardis HCT to begin with. Trouble with sleeping was caused by severe sleep apnea...I could go on and on, but the cough and hoarseness is still a big problem.How long will these symptoms continue?
I started this birth control six months ago. I was prescribed it for Polycystic Ovarian Syndrome and mild Endometrioses. It helped quite a bit with my frequent periods and cystic acne. However, I had constant spotting for the six months I was taking it. I took the pill at the same time every single night and I would still spot! I know this is common with this pill since it is supposed to give you 4 periods a year, but I couldn 't take the spotting anymore. I also have absolutely no sex drive. 
I was initially prescribed this medication to address both a mild sleep apnea problem and persistent depression.  Initially, it was indeed like a miracle drug.  I felt better immediately and continued so for about a year.  However, the drug then quickly became less effective and actually began to make my depression much worse.  I very briefly switched to Nuvigil, but I continued with the worsening depression and ended up having to stop the medication.  Within a few days of discontinuing the medication, I felt considerably better.  I went on to other medications to help with the depression and fatigue.  Provigil/Nuvigil has been a blessing for many people.  However, as with many medications, their continued use can sometimes backfire.
Today is my last day of 15 days of the low dose, I have only lose 3.6lbs but I was on vacation 11 of those days so I am not complaining.  however, my mood is horrible, I have cried a lot the past few days, my step son now hates me... lol...  but I start the higher does tomorrow so we will see how it goes.  PS,....go online and search coupons, you will get the first 15 days free and then you will get the next 6 months like $65.00 off or something I will let you know tomorrow when I get it filled.  But with the Qsymia coupon I got the first 15 days free instead of $90
I suffered from extreme bloating and gas starting thanksgiving 2016 and still am dealing with my gerds condition to this day 10 January 2017My gastro Dr recommended prilosec one time a day but it was to strong and made me have an uneasy feeling in my stomach so he switched me to prevacid and it was great for the first week in a half but then starting causing me to burp excessively after that and I had a hard time digesting my food. I think it eliminated to much of my stomach acid hence, I had a hard time breaking down foodAnd I stopped taking prevacid cause it harmed me more than helpedMe in the end.Is there anything that will help me?It seems like antacids work against me:/Don 't no what to doCause now I 'm so sensitive eating food 
Well, I 've been on this right now for about 3 months...and the first two months were horrific. It has evened out a little bit, I almost switched off of it. I am on an antidepressant, and the first two months have made me more depressed than I 've ever been. I think things are evening out...the first two months I had the worst two periods of my life. I hope my mood evens out.
I 've been taking this on and off for a few months now (but taking as prescribed) for chronic and severe sinus infections. I recently had surgery for it and am still taking it. I am honestly hoping to be off it soon. I have noticed several side effects - I can 't sleep well but always feel tired and without energy; I 'm moody; excessive sweating with a horrible breakout or rash over my chest, shoulders and back; my skin is dry and my face looks fuller. 
Had the implant January 17th 3 months after having my second baby. Thought it was great at first no period not having to worry about contraception, then started to struggle with my weight found it hard to control it constantly feeling hungry, more headaches than usual, spots on face and always feeling down. Thought it was down to busy tired mum running around after two babies but husband and friends noticed a change in my mood, etc. Getting it taken out in a couple if weeks. Friend had the same problem and felt better after having it removed.
I was put on Bunavail because of the constipation I was having on the Bup 's. I used to take 2mg twice a day...my Doc told me how great this new Bunavail is, yada yada. The first two days of it, I was going thru WD 's! My moods were awful, I was clammy but hot, sweating, chills, no appetite. So my Doc tells me to double my dosage, and finally I feel better...no more WD 's, but my gosh...the mood swings...I 'm like a crazy woman on her period, ready to snap on the next person that irritates me. That 's NOT like me, I 'm always rainbows and butterflies, and I hate this. While the constipation has gotten better, it 's still there. I 'd rather have to take laxatives then deal with these mood swings. I 'll give it another month until my next appointment
Took metoprolol and hydrochlorothiazide for several years.  Seemed to reduce blood pressure to acceptable levels.  About a year ago I experienced shortness of breath at times along with some fluid in lungs.  Turns out that metoprolol (Lopressor) can cause that.  Got off the metoprolol and lungs cleared up.  Not taking it anymore.
Loosened phlegm but makes you feel VERY dizzy, drowzy, and dehydrated.
Female age 35 with history of kidney stones. Went to ER for kidney stone pain on a Friday, was given a shot of Flomax and a prescription to take daily. Saw urologist and received CAT scan on Monday - one 5mm kidney stone in ureter and two more (one in each kidney) to come. On day six of Flomax and going to stop taking it - feeling very dizzy, nauseous, tired with chills/low fever at night. Still haven 't passed the stone but can 't take these side affects. Doctor said I can go back on Flomax anytime if my kidney stone pain comes back and I need it to help pass this stone.
I had good grades. I could concentrate. But, I became very aggressive. I had to stop taking.
I 've taken Macrobid in the past, but I  never noticed any side effects. This time, I felt very ill about two days in to a seven day regime. I had no idea what was wrong with me. My tongue felt numb, I got very lightheaded, and I felt like my life was draining out of me. I thought maybe I was developing a kidney infection, but I only had a low grade fever. I called my doctor, but she told me to only come in if my fever went over 100.5. I decided to see if Macrobid could have caused these symptoms and I stumbled across theses reviews. Wow! What an eye opener! I 'm glad to know that it was the medicine and not some life-threatening illness. I 'm glad the UTI is better, but it  was scary when I thought I was about to die, lol.
Ativan was prescribed to me for severe anxiety. I took 2mg one to two times daily. I took the medication for two months. I however, DID NOT follow the advise of my doctor and quit cold turkey. It was five days of hell for me. I did not sleep AT ALL,  I had panic attacks, trouble breathing, and severe sweating for two more weeks when I did start sleeping again. The medication was very helpful but when I quit the side effects were just about unbearable. My advice is use this medication with caution and follow doctor instructions to the latter.
As the young lady above stated, it does seem to help but when it wears off I feel so tired and worn out.  Also, I too, have the hot and cold sensations.
My Dr switched me from Lovenox to Xarelto 21 days ago. So far I feel better. I 've used injections since early 2005. I 'm still evaluating and paying close attention for any negative side effects.
I have taken Relpax 3-4 times, and strangely enough I have had extremely vivid nightmares.  This is very unusual for me because I 'm not the type to have nightmares.  Normally, I might have one per year, and suddenly as I have taken this medication I 've had nightmares each night that I have taken the medication.  I think it 's not a coincidence since this has already occurred 3-4 times in less than 2 weeks.
I started taking Apriso after being diagnosed with Crohn 's August 2017. My Gastro doctor started me out on the ER capsules in the morning. I didn 't really notice many side effects at first. I actually felt better than I 've felt in years. Crohn 's symptoms are almost completely gone, however, I still have a bad day every now and then. A few weeks in, I 'm having horrible pounding headaches, dizzy when I stand from sitting, heart burn, excessive sweating, dry mouth, nausea, food taste metallic, and loss of appetite. I 'm afraid if I stop this medication all the Crohn 's issue will return. I would rate it a 5 because the med works if you can tolerate the side effects.
Paxil definitely works for social anxiety. However, the side effects just became intolerable over time. What are those side effects? Well, for one, you will be tired all the time. Secondly, I found it really hard to focus, and I would forget things that just happened. Thirdly, and most disturbingly, I became a zombie who didn 't care about anything and couldn 't empathize with people!! I couldn 't feel any emotions; I couldn 't cry. Not only that, but it was also hard to experience positive emotions/pleasure. This phenomenon is called &quot;emotional bluntness&quot;. I didn 't notice that I was experiencing this emotional numbness (and most others don 't notice too) until people around me started pointing it out. That 's just my experience.
I am a long term ultram user (maybe 5 or 6 years). I have osteoarthritis. Now I feel like I am taking the medicine just to get rid of the headache and runny nose that I get when I do NOT take it. I am trying to STOP taking it and maybe switch to arthritis strength tylenol. At least I won 't have a headache and a runny nose. I think it addressed my pain very well some years ago but now it 's not working because I still have arthritis pain.
I 've been taking bupropion xl 150 mg daily for 5 days now, for anxiety. I have noticed an increase in energy.  I also don 't binge eat as much. I 'm a stay at home mom, so i was always back and forth to the kitchen. No anxiety issues yet. I also take 0.50 mg of Xanax at night to help me sleep. I 've been battling sleep problems for a while, so it helps.
Effexor is risky. The years that I took Effexor were fantastic, but the withdrawal symptoms are just as bad as everyone says. In fact, after about three years Effexor stopped working for me out of the blue. There was no controlled withdrawal. My symptoms were the &quot;brain zaps&quot; or an &quot;electric shock&quot; feeling in my head. My mind felt like a skipping record. I was severely depressed and cried all the time. That said, I am now starting to take it again after taking Prozac for several years. Prozac doesn 't make me feel as good as Effexor did, so I 'm taking it again. Hopefully I 'll have another few good years on it before I have to push through withdrawal.
Was very disappointed with the opana 10E round peach pill. They did not help my pain at all. I have taken a 40 mg. before and they worked wonders. I took over my doctors dosage instructions after a while because it was not helping and I was in so much pain after my surgery. I ended up taking 5 within an hour and was still in pain and sick as a dog. So I just stopped taking them all together as they are very addictive and did NOT wont any addictions especially sense they were useless. Very DISAPPOINTED!
I took this medication starting in August. I stopped because my hair was falling out. I 'm 20 years old and I 've lost most of my hair now. I had to go get it cut to my shoulders in hopes it would look better but if doesn 't. I began taking topamax to help with my migraines and I dropped a lot of weight. I lost 20 lbs over the course of 8 months. I now weigh 136lbs and sort of want to continue because I love the fact that I 'm losing all this weight but I know it 's bad for me as I am now getting addicted. I 've been off the medication for about 2 months and my migraines are returning. I don 't want to continue taking it because of my hair loss but I am not sure what to do. I tried taking medicine for hair, skin &amp; nails to help but it didn 't work.
Advantage it does its job, you don 't have to worry about taking pills or getting pregnant. Disadvantage for me, I start getting a lot of spots, and gained 10 kg. I haven 't changed my diet, however I actually exercise more than I used to, although the weight doesn 't seem to come off and only increases. I got the implant October 2014 and weighed 55kg, now a year later I weight 65kg. As I said it does its job but can cause you to experience some side effects. Getting it taken out in a week due to weight gain and breakouts. Period were irregular and hardly any blood which was fine with me.
I am in my early 60s. Have had chronic constipation ever since childhood (2 BMs per week), but it became much worse in the last couple of years (up to 2 weeks without BM). After more than a year of trying to find the optimal amount of Miralax to take per day per GI doctor 's instructions, and when to also include stool softeners, I  was doing okay (BM every 4 or 5 days), but had occasional leakage. I started Amitiza two weeks ago at my internist 's suggestion, two 8mg pills twice a day. It was like a miracle the first week - small to medium daily movements and a couple of large ones. No side effects. But now it stopped working. It has been 7 days with no BM. The last 2 days I took 24 mg. Also ate prunes and took stool softeners. Nothing yet.
Two and a haft weeks ago I completed my third Provenge treatment.  It will be two months before I receive a pet scan to set a base line.  What I do want to say is I am having strong muscle and joint pain.  Has this happen to anyone else?  How long should I expect this to go on?
My doctor looked in my ear and nose and saw that they were severe blocked, as well as infected with bacteria. He explained to me that I probably have drainage into the eustachian tube and that has got dirty. So he prescribed me 500mg Ceftin, as well as Allegra-D and Flonase, all to be taken for 15 days. I take Ceftin twice daily morning and night with food. I take Allegra-D and Flonase in the morning before I leave for work. I don 't know how the Ceftin works, but I was still plugged up for a good 5 days until it felt like it may be finally kicked in. But is it? It could just be the regular Allegra-D and Flonase? But I guess if this Ceftin is good for many other stuff, it 'll be good for all the other bacteria type stuff so I 'm happy.
I just made the switch from Ambien to Lunesta because Ambien just wasn 't working for me anymore. I am not a regular taker, just on the odd occasion like traveling. But I took Lunesta for the first time last night and I DID fall asleep quickly but after about four hours I suddenly awoke. Then woke up again after another four hours WIDE awake! This was at 5 in the morning and I wasn 't ready to get up. I guess that is kind of a good thing because I didn 't feel groggy or sleepy at all. I lay there and finally drifted off for a couple more hours and then I had a weird dream. The metallic taste is the only side effect I have noticed. 
Been on valsartan for over year. Had several side effects...cough, lethargic, and muscle weakness when walking for 5 minutes. Dr was unhappy with my pressure last few visits so Dr added HCTZ to valsartan.  My symptoms now include higher blood sugar....30 to 50 more points average daily on my morning testing. My A1C went from 6.1 to 6.6 . When I had my 3 month blood test. All I do is cough and wheeze. chest x-ray shows clear lungs. Tired of taking more meds to relieve symptoms.  Feel like I 'm not crazy after reading the comments of others.
I 've been taking this birth control for over 2 years. It works great most of the time but once a year I have a period that 's 2 weeks long. I 'm going to my doctor soon to look at other options.
I found it worked well but the side effects; SHARP pains throughout my body were not worth it.
I first got this BC when I was 16 got it removed at 19 I am now 22. This was my first BC ever and I have to say it was excellent as far as prevention. I had little to no periods throughout having it for the full 3 years. A lot others experienced at least 15lbs weight gain, however that wasn 't the case with me. I was 120lbs when I had it put it and than I blew up to 165lbs in first year and a half (no change in diet) I have no idea how that happened and than all of sudden I started to shed off the pounds in the last year of having it and went to 115lbs I don 't know what changed (still no change in diet) if anything I was eating more sugar but losing weight (WEIRD) I know.I plan on having another put in, in 6 weeks after delivering HOPING4BEST
20 yr old female here,I was put on Alesse for acne &amp; contraceptive purposes. Acne runs in my family. My mom had it really badly until she was about 21. I was on tri-cyclen lo but it made me feel sick in the mornings.So Alesse was pretty bad. I was on it for (just under) a year. I didn 't get pregnant even though I never used a condom with my boyfriend. It helped my acne somewhat except I got cystic flare-ups on my chin &amp; small dots on my forehead during my period. I gained about 10lbs. Period cramps were still bad &amp; lasted for days sometimes. MADE ME AN EMOTIONAL WRECK. I 'd cry so easily &amp; felt unusually depressed/anxious.I believe I have too much testosterone in my blood so Alesse might not have been strong enough
On August 12 I had protected sex but we realized the condom broke. He came completely inside of me and I was freaking out!! I just got done with my period so I was close to ovulation. I got the pill the very next day and took it within 12 hours. 5 days after taking it I got another &quot;period&quot;. It 's actually your uterine line shedding tricking your body to think that you already ovulated. Don 't freak out ladies!! Stay calm so your period doesn 't get delayed! I just got my period 4 weeks after my induced period. So it 's right on time. The side effects however were not pleasant. I 've been having headaches and kind of nauseous. My period seems heavier (just got it today) and the cramps are worse but overall I 'm just happy to have gotten my period.
Got this in March it 's now end of August. It does a good job of birth control because I 've had unprotected sex over 10x with this and I 'm not pregnant. but its so annoying because I spot for 3 weeks, that 's way too long. It 's stressful and I hate it. I gained 10 pounds, I 'm only keeping it for the birth control and because it regulates my addictive sexual activity.
I have been on Loestrin 24 FE for four months now. It was prescribed to me after I finished breast feeding. For the most part I liked the pill until I started having my period twice a month and it lasts for a week, on top of that I get very, very irritable right before they start. I occasionally get dizzy spells.
Started taking it this evening and the injection didn 't hurt at all, didn 't even feel it.  I did feel a little  itchy and burning sensation after though.  I did have a little panic attack after I think I had just worked myself up for all of the worse side effects.  It 's been a few hours and haven 't felt any nausea or any other side effects. Hopefully it will stay that way.  Excited to start this journey.
My Doctor started me on quetiapine after I had been having anxiety and panic attacks. The first few days I felt real groggy and they sure make you sleep well. I haven 't had any side effects like I did with antidepressants. I just hope they work for me.
Prescribed to help with rheumatoid arthritis symptoms.  Takes some of the joint swelling down, but only after sleeping (i.e. not doing ANYTHING with my body). Doesn 't help with pain management unless taken with an opiate analgesic. So far, only side effects experienced are moderate headache (especially if I don 't eat), insomnia (only 4-5 hours sleep instead of 7-8) and excruciating shoulder pain about 5 hours after dose.  Ironic, considering I 'm trying to stop the joint pain.  Still, much better.
I am starting my third pack of this pill.  I am conflicted regarding it because it has reduced my anxiety and levelled my emotions wonderfully, but at the cost of having six day periods with only seven days of no period in between the next one.  I 'm having two periods a month and I 'm getting quite annoyed with having to buy tampons constantly.   The periods are not what I would consider breakthrough bleeding as they are not light and require extra absorbent tampons for the first few days.I believe I have increased hunger and water retention on this pill as well.  I have gone from a stable 129lbs to 136lbs.I am so happy with how level and calm I am on it...but fourteen days of bleeding a month is a steep price to pay for it.
Dr. doubled dose to 2 tablets per day...within 24 hours feet were swollen but blood pressure did go down.....can 't win!
The only thing I like about Nexplanon is that is has not (and I hope won 't) allow me to get pregnant... But I 'm getting more than regular periods, and between those, constant spotting. My mood swings are ridiculous. My partner is constantly walking on eggshells around me. I was never ever like this before my implant. I 'm going to have it removed.
I am 31 and this is the first birth contorl I have ever used. I have had no bad side effects from this other than really bad acne. I never had any issues with acne until now so it has to be the pill. I am going to change to another at my next OBGYN appointment. I just hope the other pills that help acne don 't give me any of the other horrible side effects I have read about on here.
I 've been taking the meds for 12 days which was prescribed 3 pills every 8 hours 500mg for 10days.  I have the metallic taste in my mouth, burning sensation in stomach, diarrhea, nausea, lost of appetite..I can 't bare taking 3 a day but tomorrow I will try :-(
I have chronic fatigue with my MS.  I tried Provigil several months ago but it gave me a severe headache and I felt spaced out.  Tried Nuvigil just today and felt jittery in the early part of the day and a bit light headed but I think I 'll stick with it and see if I get the benefits others describe.  I didn 't take a nap as usual today and I hope to feel more focused and energetic with my job soon.
I tried Qysmia 7.5 dosage for 43 days and lost 12 pounds  but the side effect I didn 't desire any junk. I didn 't take every day as prescribed because of the side effects. Insomnia, dry mouth, tingling in feet, tiredness.  The worst side effects has come since I have been off the medicine for 4 days. I have pain in my genital area and constant chills.  I now see that these are listed as possible side effects. I think that people should return back to the post to warn of what comes after you withdraw from the medicine.  Not worth the 12 pounds weight loss. Everything comes with a price.
I had Implanon inserted in December 2009. The insertion was fine and I had very little pain or bruising. It has now been in my arm for nine months and I am having to deal with the following: Acne, increased appetite, loss of sex drive and horrible mood swings and I generally feel very low in myself. I am due to have it taken out today and hope that I can return back to the woman I was.
I 've been on the depo for over two years now. For the first 9 months I experienced light bleeding/spotting but the doctors told me to continue as it won 't be long until my body got used to it. After my third shot the bleeding just stopped completely. It is best to carry on with it because I haven 't had a period in over a year, just occasional spotting every couple of months if that. Weight gain was a problem for me but I 'm not overweight and I can lose if I stick to a healthy diet. Other than that I 've had no problem with the depo, it 's really not as bad as people are making it out to be. Once you get past the months of bleeding you don 't have to worry about a thing. :)
I 've been taking doxycycline for a month due to a trip to Africa, I will be taking it for a further month now that I am home. I get awful heartburn and nausea and would not choose to take it again. My parter takes an alternative, more expensive treatment with no side effect what so ever, I will be choosing that medication in future!
Took two one day then 2 more 36 hours later.  Did not help much with my constipation. Also very bad leg cramp during the night. Also cramp in my left arm which went down to my fingertips.  I have not experienced such painful cramp before so will not take these tablets again.
I have mixed feelings about Skyla. The people were right when they said getting in was painful. Hands down one of the top worst feelings ever. Still get period, still get cramps. But..... I never got never got pregnant and that is great.
For ringworm.  It tastes horrible - you are ruining my life
This medication worked very fast except I got an yeast infection by the 3rd day. Women, definitely take Canesten during the course of this medication, if you are sensitive to antibiotics.
I took 2 pills at the same time around 7:50pm. I had eaten a spicy chicken sandwich  around 4:30 and I had a slice of pizza at about 7:35pm. About 20-30 minutes after taking this medicine I had hot flashes. Sleepiness, stomach pain and nausea. I ran to the restroom twice, releasing everything I had eaten. I messed up and took a few sips of 7up and continued to puke for about an hour. My boyfriend then got me a ginger ale and I 'm fine but really sleepy. I recommend taking at night in the comfort of your own home. But I 'm curious to know if I need to take the medicine again or wait it out for the follow up test?
I have mixed feelings about viibryd. I 'm switching off of it now, after about a year on it. I found that I did help, but seemed to make me more anxious at first. I didn 't have any other side effects.  After being on it for a while, I noticed if I was even a couple hours late on my dose, I would be a complete mess--crying, panicking, just feeling terrible. I 've never had such a strong reaction to just being late on taking a medication. I 'm not even talking about missing a full day.  This is the main reason why I wanted to get off of viibryd. I stayed on it for fear of withdrawal symptoms and my depression and anxiety worsened. Currently taking celexa and today is my first day with no viibyrid.
May have some help to relieve back pain.  60mg gave me heart palpitation.  30mg may be suboptimal.  Tried to wean off several times but gave me some undesirable effects like malaise and anxiety.  Urinary retention is a worrisome effect with Cymbalta for me.
The vertigo seem to go away. I only experience it now when  I lay down and only for a few seconds. But I noticed something different and I don 't know if it is the effect of the medicine. My senses seemed heightened, especially my sense of smell. And my awareness seem to be on the edge too.  A sudden sound or even a suspenseful scene in a movie cranks my adrenaline. My son dropped his bottle of milk and I thought I would have a heart attack! My heart jumped at the sudden noise.
Ok so I was due to start this at 7pm. It 's now 8:40pm and I 'm still struggling to choke down the first dose. I don 't wish this on anyone and I shudder to think I have to do this again in the morning. Just make it taste like water!
This is the worst tasting prep I have EVER prepped with. It taste like grape kool-aide and salt water. My stomach is distended and cramping. This is my third or fourth colonoscopy. This so far feels and taste the worst. Not sure how well prep works, I 've only done the first half. At this point I don 't care as long as I get some relief from the bloating Soon!!!
This medicine works but you start having different side effects. When I was taking Zyrtec I started having pain in my back and then stabbing pain in the spine, and also an irritating pain of the knees and non-stop twitching of the eyes.I just recently discontinued my prescription of Zyrtec due to the above side effects. Now I have no pain but have started itching all over my body. I prefer the itching than the pain.  
Omg, I loathe taking these pills it 's all I can think about all day and I 'm only on day 3, of a 7 day treatment for BV.  I feel awful severe headache,  fatigue that has kept me in the bed all 3 days,  nausea, loss of my appetite, dizziness,  bloated, gassy,  muscle aches like I have the flu,  is there nothing with less side effects to take for this??. I barely had any BV symptoms to start with I feel like a dysfunctional zombie.   There 's no way I 'm gonna make it through 4 more days I can 't function like this. Everyone 's body is different my body doesn 't react well to this
I 'm 23 and this is my 2nd YI the first one played out on its own and after two period cycles it cleared up this time around was more intense and I don 't have medical insurance at the moment so I bought the 7day Monistat cream. The first day was the worse the itching was much worse than the actual infection, it 's like it intensified it by 10, the second night I forgot so I took it that morning still itching . I 'm on night four and still the medicine causes itching that is very uncomfortable however I have experienced no burning. On the positive it does look like the infection is clearing up and there Is Barely if any itching. Will continue treatment untill 7days are up. Not the best treatment but it does work
I had my first Skyla placed 9/19/2016. Insertion of skyla was probably a 6/10 being that I was 2wks away from my new period. The &quot;sounding&quot; or probing as I call it hurt worst than the actual insertion. It was basically just an awkward experience over. I spotted and cramped for 3 days then everything was normal UNTIL before my first skyla period on 10/02/16. I had almost unbearable cramps that I had to remind myself to breathe through (coming from somebody with an extremely high pain tolerance, this was a nightmare.) My period passed rather quickly, very light for 2 days and last day being &quot;heavy&quot; to where I needed a tampon. Everything is pretty uneventful now.
I 'm 19 and this is my first YI. The first night was absolute hell, I laid on my floor rolling around and bawling before I got up and sat in the bath to get it out. Night two and three I also had to go to the bath and get it out. Now I 'm on night four and I 'm fighting through it, it was itchy for about 30 minutes and now it 's finally stopping. This product side effects are really bad, I 'm not going to lie, but during the day I feel a lot better, it hardly itches, and it 's not swollen anymore. The external cream is very helpful if you apply it in the morning. I dread inserting the cream at night, but hopefully it 'll get better. This cures your YI, it just sucks.
I 've been taking Levaquin for 4 days. The Dr said I had a little pneumonia in my right lung, but my xray was clesr??? Anyhow, since she told me to take it I am, but I 've been having horrible heart rythym problems to the point of calling the ambulance. My neck hurts, my knees hurt worse and my ankles hurt. It 's like all of my bones and joints ache worse. My sternum. It 's helping with the sinus infection and clearing that up, but the other side effects aren 't worth it.
I used the Monistat 1 yesterday around 3pm &amp; didn 't feel any tingling u till 3 hours later. I have to agree that it is uncomfortable but it is bearable. It has to get worse before it gets better. The cottage cheese like discharge is starting to come out today &amp; it feels very uncomfortable. I will be much happier when the irritation inside the vagina goes away. I would still consider this product because the warning labels do say that the side affects cause intense burning.
This medication DID work, but unfortunately after only one week i was one of the unlucky few who found out they were allergic. I broke out in a rash ALL OVER my body. I stopped immediately. It sucks cause it was making my skin kinda glowy. But its not worth it if your allergic. If your not, then it would probably be perfect.
I took Yaz for about 4 years.  I loved it at first.  I did go up a cup size and got a little curvier, but overall, it was great.  The last year, however, I started to turn into a monster during my period.  I got severe migraines right at the start of my period and it would last about two days.  I am not sure why the medicine changed on me, but I recently switched to Loestrin24 because I couldn 't handle the mood swings and headaches any longer.  My doctor said there was no link in all of these recent changes...I had to disagree with her though because I already feel better after switching. 
Am currently taking Cipro to deal with a UTI.  Had one about a month ago, took Cipro, it seemed to go away, but now it 's back with a vengeance.  But I 'm taking it with great reluctance. It use to be my ENT 's go-to drug for sinus infections, which I would typically get twice a year (allergy induced).  Then, about 4 years after first taking the drug, I woke up one morning and my right foot totally collapsed due to tendon rupture.  Zero arch.  At the time (1990) there weren 't any tendon warnings with the drug and no one  could explain how tendons could rupture overnight.  Now my podiatrist attributes the event to the Cipro.  I have to wear a Richie brace on that foot/ankle.
I 've been using it for a month and so far I like it. I switched from Mononessa because Mononessa was making me break out and I still would bleed heavily on it. My doctor switched me and now my periods are so so light. My first period on it started a couple of days ago and I was actually scared that it was implantation bleeding because it was so light. My acne has decreased so that is definitely a bonus. I do feel like my breasts are bigger (and being only 120lbs this was a plus for me). There is one thing I 'm worried about. My weight fluctuates between 117-123... I have felt like my lower abdomen is full but not bloated. I 'm active but the full feeling in the bladder makes me feel a little self conscious. Maybe that will go away soon though.
So first off I got the paraguard inserted in which was very painful, but fast. I ended up have extreme cramps a couple days after getting it causing me to miss work. A month after after everything seemed great sex felt normal and it seemed like it wasn 't even there. But once my first period came I had the worst cramps of my life to where I felt dizzy almost to the point of passing out! I was so freaked out I ended up going to the emergency room; because it was the weekend and I didn 't want to wait to see my gyno.I had bacterial vaginosis  it was extremely painful so I realized I had to get it taken out and as soon as I got the paragard taking out the dizziness is gone the nausea was gone I had no more symptoms I do not recommend it!
I have been using Implanon since March of 2008 after the birth of my son. I had the first one the full 3 years and had it removed and replaced with a new one. The first one I had no issues. I still had regular cycles and minimal weight gain. The second one I have had close to a year now and having completely random cycles lasting up to 17 days! I have no libido, have been placed on antidepressant from my primary physician and gained over 35 pounds! I have been referred back to my obgyn to have it removed. Everyone is different, but its wierd the first one was fine and now this one is horrible. 
Effective but will make you drowsy in the beginning. You have to get used to it.Only used during short periods of time when anxiety seemed to be an issue in my life. Dr told me it doesn 't work as well the longer you are on it.
This birth control is effective, but symptoms that come along with it is very frustrating. I have had periods inconsistently since it was inserted in February. First, my period went away for a month. Then it came back, heavy, for 3 weeks. Then it left for another 3 weeks, then came back again, and continued to do so relatively regularly for 3 months. After that, everything went to trash. ALL of June I bled heavily and sometimes lightly. Then my period took 3 days off, and then ALL of July I had a period. Then it went away for a week in August, came back for a few days, then left for 2 weeks. Since mid September, I have had a period EVERY DAY. I won 't even get started on the hormones affects on your mental state and emotional highs and lows.
I 've been on Ortho Tri-cyclen Lo for about a year now and it has done it 's job on preventing pregnancy. It has not affected my weight and has not caused me any sickness. What it hasn 't done though is help with breakouts on my face or my flow. And it has caused me to be moody and get upset easily. It has definitely lowered my sex drive.
I 'm on Day 8 of Chantix. I have smoked for twenty years and tried several other methods without success. My best friend is also taking it at the same time. The dreams are vivid. I 'm very tired. I 've also had headaches which are not typical for me. I 'm light sensitive and so dizzy that I feel unsafe driving or working at times. However, I 've continued to take one pill a day instead of the two. I 'm now on 1mg. I have noticed less cravings. I 'm so miserable that I 'm gonna stop smoking just so I can quit this medication. Oh and I forget, depressed. Wish you all luck!
First reaction was stomach cramps and diarrhea. Things settled down in two days, after three weeks now feel very tired.
After 2 days on the Cipro, my cough is a lot better and will return to work today.
Worked 2 hours after taking it and removed all of the formed stool before I did the miralax gatorade prep. I felt totally fine from the time I took it until 17 hrs later, Woke at 7:30am, before I opened my eyes my body felt like it was on FIRE/felt REALLY funny. I remembered the reviews, so I had Emetrol on standby, took some. Then took myself to the toilet, had no poop to evacuate so laid on the bathroom floor with ice, felt like I was literally going to die. I was burning up, numb tingly sweats all over my head/entire body, dizzy, sick, dry heaved twice, so pale I looked like a corpse. After 10 min/pooped some water, it passed. I was so bad  I knew I wouldn 't make it to the hospital in time before potential death from whatever it was. It had to be Dulcolax
I gave this pill a 5 because it DID protect me from getting pregnant so the pill does the job. Pros: Easy to take. Protected me for 2 years. Did not gain any weight. Sex drive stayed normalCons: -Constant chin acne -Bad PMS that would start a week after getting my period so I felt like I never had a break. That food craving/sore breasts/ emotional/angry feeling would pop up 2 weeks before my period even started. Basically it was 1 week of normal and the rest was all hormonal. Overall the pill does what you need it to do. Protects you from pregnancy. However, I can 't take the emotions/acne so I 'm on the hunt for a new pill.
Was on eurbitux for 8months and it was working but it was taking a toll on me. Doctor took me off. How long will it take for it to get out of my system ? I have been on chemo for 6 yrs. Now  and doctors felt that . My system needed a rest and put me on something new that is not supposed to have any side effects
I have been on 2 x 200 a day for 10 months now, and it has not been the miracle drug for narcolepsy that some people talk about. I have given it a lot of time, but still have excessive daytime sleepiness. Works better for others I suppose. Also, does anyone else notice that it makes your urine smell weird?
My constipation worries all started when I was taking cholesterol medicines a few months ago and could no longer tolerate side effects on top of the constipation had to stop taking them, when I saw my doctor she told me to get some calcium citrate supplement with magnesium to release the constipation. Well it only made things worse by giving me bloating/gas. I believe that Miralax could possibly save me from all this misery, but it just started taking its effect on the third day, with some relief with this product but not quite 100% as yet. I have an appointment on the seventh day of this product to see if it will actually work out for my problem. Also taking simethicone chews 80mg with Miralax for releasing the fullness, gas, bloat after meals.
Intense itching on front and back of torso and arms.
I used this medicine for over 20 years for chronic sinusitis.  The recent 3x I have taken it I broke out in hives all over my body that lasted for 2 hours.  Has anyone else had a similar reaction?  Not sure how after all these years I have an allergic reaction to something.  Dr. gave me Sulfamethoxazole-TMP in lieu of Levoquin and I am scared out of my mind to take something new.  I have a 11 year history of random allergies to food and medications.
I 've been on the shot since April now that I have my second shot. I spotted blood a few times but now there 's constant bleeding.
Loestrin calmed down my extreme mood swings from the patch (I was on the patch for a year).  However, my husband says that two weeks out of the month, I 'm &quot;normal&quot; and the following two weeks &quot;crazy.&quot;  What he means by this is that prior to my period, I have major PMS symptoms ranging from waking up angry, becoming overly sensitive, sadness, and bloating.   I 'm not saying that Loestrin causes the symptoms, for that I can never adequately prove. I am saying, however, that Loestrin does not tame it down.  Also, I have more breakouts now with this pill than when I was on the patch.
My dad is a doctor and he started me on contrave to help me out with my weight problem that ive been struggling with all my life. I 'm over 2 months in but i also only took half a dose for most of the time because i kept getting so violently ill. Im back to the regular dose now. According to the scale I 've lost 6 lbs but i never trust the accuracy of those things. I discovered that the reason the nausea was so amplified is because i was drinking caffeine. As soon as i cut out the caffeine i felt great! My diet isnt really a diet. More of forcing myself not to eat 5 candybars a day and to drink more water. I take my dog for a 2 mile walk almost every other day to get SOME exercise in there.
I been on it for two months. Started with the 145mg worked right of. Then the body got used to it didn 't go for 2 weeks. Now on 290mg. For 2 weeks. Alright at times. But give time too see how does. The only next step I can see is surgery. But gastrointestinal doctor says no surgery too fix. 30 years off constipation. What more can I take. Only 39. Now have other medical problem from straining do much over the years.
I have been on Nuvaring for 4 months and as far as comfort I don 't even notice it and neither does my partner, so initially I loved it. I was sold, until I noticed I have been consistently breaking out like a teenager, I am unusually dry and it is painful at first during sex because of this. I was willing to deal with that. What scared me off of the ring is that every month a week before I start my period, I have gotten really dizzy, lightheaded and have been getting headaches. After reading all the reviews about blood clots, I just don 't think it 's worth the risk and side effects.
Taking for Sciatica and lower back pain, 60 mg/day, 10/325 - not much relief, can go higher but really messes my stomach up.  May ask to go back to original Percocet at 30 mg which worked better.Stomach pain from Norco is in lower stomach and sides where original pain was, so I 'm also not sure if I 'm treating the cure sometimes. Kills appetite, mainly nausea, 60 mg lets me get through physical therapy okay, but am losing weight fast (15 pounds/1 month) from nausea - just not right one for me - not fond of Percocet either, but don 't know of anything &quot;between&quot; that might work.
I went to Hershey Park this past Saturday and knew I was going to get a YI after walking around all day with wet bottoms; I haven 't had a YI since I was 14 and am now 27. Sure enough, I got a YI and a few days after contemplating OTC treatment instead of holistic treatment, I went with OTC Monistat 1.I got home at about 4:30 pm, jumped in the shower (since today is the first day of my period) and then inserted the egg. I wiped with the cooling cloth (I now understand why they give you so many). At around 5:30, the burning and itching was so unbearable that I sat on my heel, then flipped on my side and laid in the fetal position. Between my menstrual cramps and the itching and burning, I wouldn 't wish this on my worst enemy. Awful :(
When I first got this put in my arm in 2015 I was very happy with it. I didn 't have my period for 3-5 months which was awesome because I normally had horrible periods. After the first year I started having complications. I was on my period for 5-7 month straight... I called my doctor and she said that that was normal. I still kept it because I didn 't want to go through the hassle of having it removed after over a year of having it. I also started breaking out badly and gaining weight fast. Before I had the birth control I had clear and an even skin tone and was 125 lbs and after a little over a year I had gained 20 lbs and had horrible acne that would not go away no matter what I did. The side effects are not worth it.
I 'm a 24 y/o male and have been on Topiramate for almost a month.. Started with 25mg daily increment and increased dosage by 25mg every week. I was suppose to make it up to 100mg daily, but that hasn 't happened. . The first week was good. Second week I did notice the pins and needles sensations all over. When I got up to 75mg per day my brain fog was BAD, my anxiety sky rocketed, and I seemed to have more headaches. I 've started to have panic attacks and have been scared to drive lately or even go to the store which is so unusual for me. I am also sleeping hours upon hours at a time and I am also getting tingling sensation in face and arm which is scaring the heck out of me. Going to stop taking without consulting doctor.
I am 23, no kids. I have had Skyle for almost two years now. The insertion was not bad at all (6 out of 10 pain). When I left and went home is when I was in serious pain. I was miserable. Bent over crying and it hurt so bad it made me vomit so my husband took me to the ER thinking it had gone out of place, turns out it was &quot;normal&quot; pain. So they gave me pain medicine and sent me home. After that I bled for 3 weeks still with cramps and spotted for a few months, while still getting my period. Everything has been fine up until about two months ago and I 've started getting really bad cramps again. Like I did when I first had it inserted. I am not sure what is going on but with this much pain I am seriously considering getting it taken out.
I have a genetic condition that causes the rapid formation of kidney stones. I am 25, and three weeks ago I felt what would be my 8th stone starting to move. A CAT scan had already determined that all of my stones were 5mm or smaller, meaning that they would pass on their own and not warrant surgery. Well, this stone was very bad, and I ended up at the ER. After over four hours, I finally received 4mg of morphine through IV, which did absolutely nothing for me. The doctor was very surprised, and came back later with 3mg of Dilaudid through IV. It certainly helped, but it did not eliminate the pain. It took the pain from a 10 out of 10 to probably a 6 out of 10. It did allow me to relax and drink water to pass it.
Although for some reason Lyrica seemed to make my pain medications oxycontin last longer or work better, Lyrica made my legs swell up. The pain was unbearable from the swelling and in the end I had a lot of broken veins. If you 're swelling up and your doctor says &quot;oh, you just ate too much salt this week&quot; get another opinion to get off Lyrica and see if the swelling doesn 't stop. I wish I could take it, it really did help. Good luck to all with Fibromyalgia, it 's an awful and painful disease.
I 've started on Phentermine 11 Aug 2017 with a starting weight at 295.4lb. Today, 14 Aug 2017 I weigh 293.0 lb. I 've started back walking a mile on my break at work. I will start working out at home for an hr, 3-4 days a week. Let 's see what happens.  I am so tired of this weight. I have let myself go. I know how to eat healthy, but have just let other things get in the way. Now my mind is set and I am ready for the new me.
I have had Mirena for a little over a month now. As soon as I put it in I got acne, its been a problem for me when I was in my teens and was almost completely gone by time I was 20.  I am 22 almost 23 and now it 's almost as bad as when I was 15. I have to wash my face every day with acne creams, to help control the break outs, most of which are on my back. I have all sorts of mood swings and my husband says that I haven 't really been the same since it was inserted. I am going to be looking into a way to off set this. Every once and a while I will get the breast tenderness, but it 's not much worse then when I was breastfeeding and often goes away in minutes. I have a horrible time remembering to do things, so when I was taking a pill everyday I had to rely on my cellphone alarm going off to take the pill and even then if it wasn 't close by or if I was in the middle of doing something I wouldn 't stop to go take the pill. I love that I don 't really have to worry about it.  My doctor told me since I hadn 't been getting my period while breastfeeding, Mirena would more then likely stop my periods, which so far I haven 't even spotted one day.  I haven 't had any problems with weight gain. I have maintained the same weight as when it was inserted, though I am trying now to start losing weight, so we shall see how that goes. Overall at this moment I would recommend it to others. As long as I can off set this funk I am in.
Started this 4 days ago for an anaerobic infection in my jaw, that had not responded to other medication. The first I developed a severe headache at bedtime, took one of the pain pills the dentist had prescribed because of my jaw/tooth abscess. Took care of it, and went about my business. So far, every NIGHT I developed a headache an hour or so after taking my last dose of the day (1 500mg tab twice a day). This is day 4. Only other side effect I 've noticed is significantly darkened urine. I would have been really worried about that (as I have kidney stones) but had a routine visit with my urologist today who said it was ok and would go away. 
I had basically perfect skin until my freshman year of college. my doctor prescribed this to me and it worked for my acne on my chin the next day and basically clearly my forehead. The after using it once a day, my skin became dry and irritated. it was flaky and my skin broke out because of the dead skin on my face. It really doesn 't work anymore and I keep trying it but now I realize it 's too harsh for my skin and I should use something lighter. also any type of moisturizer on my face made it burn like hell.
I started taking this about a month ago because my anxiety gradually got so bad that I didn 't sleep for a week. The first few nights it worked amazingly but it was difficult to wake up but then I 'd be very alert and awake all day. However, my doctor told me to take it twenty minutes before bed and I would not feel the effect until much later. I actually took my dose about 40 mins ago and I 'm just now starting to relax.
I have been dealing with insomnia on and off for over 10 years. I have always managed it with OTC meds like Unisom. Finally decided to see a doc about it after having to take 3-4 Unisom a night (I was feeling like a zombie till 10 am!). She prescribed 25 mg of Vistaril - take one at bed time. Last night was my first time using it and it took a few hours to get me to sleep. All night I had weird, vivid dreams and it was hard to tell if I was asleep or awake. I felt on the brink of deep sleep, but still awake. It 's hard to describe. I am going to give it a week and see how it goes. I was a bit groggy this morning, but not like on Unisom.
I started Victoza just over 3 weeks ago and I have had no side effects whatsoever.  I feel great and am losing weight, and for the first time in my life I 've experienced feeling full and satisfied.  I 've never had that feeling before.  I 've felt full (after eating much more than when on this drug) but never satisfied.  It was a remarkable feeling.  I 've had a great experience and I hope to continue as I 've a lot to lose.  However, I do fear the potential for pancreatic cancer and will do more research on this.
Stiff finger and legs, joint pain, swollen finger and toes, hip pain, hot flashes/ night sweats and weight gain.
I 'm on the second week and I do not feel as sad and anxious. Upset stomach for a couple of days but is wasn 't too bad. I was diagnosed with being homozygous for the 1298C MTHFR mutation. Anyone dealing with depression should be tested. The problem with having this mutation is you have a problem with methylation so you can 't make enough dopamine and seratonin.  Also you have a problem with norepinephrine and which causes anxiety.  Defects on the 677 /MTHFR gene can cause bipolar and schizophrenia.   To help with methylation need to take Methyl B12 and folate (not folic acid)... people with these defects can 't process folic acid. That is why Dr. 's add Deplin to prescribed medicines.  
Went on Invokana after going and doing the Boston Heart Study.  Took it for about 4 months, kept a yeast infection all the time.  It does make you feel better and the urge to eat bad foods was gone and my A1C dropped to normal range.  I did not lose any weight like everyone else on this drug.  Also I got terrible inflamed bumps under my arms which was like a knot and would come to head and pop, but the bumps never went away and this was very uncomfortable.  After 4 months between the bumps and the yeast infections, went back to Metformin.
I 've been taking Tramadol for a year now after a failed microdiscectomy. My pain is definitely reduced however I find myself in a very hyper impatient mood for about 2 hours. I take 2, 50mg before work and top up if I need to. I try not to take on my day off or until I have to as I find the come down quite depressing and my energy crashes.I have taken a lot of pills and medications for my pain and tramadol is the best one for quick pain relief if you don 't mind the mood swings.
I have been on this medication for about a year now to treat extremely heavy bleeding during my periods. Within the first month of taking it, it helped a LOT to a point.  While I wasn 't having nearly as much bleeding, it lasted for 3 weeks straight. In the beginning I was taking 2 x 5mg tablets a day, and was eventually dropped to 1 a day.  After the change, I would go about every other month before I started having a period.  Until recently, I went 5 full months without having anything, and now am on a 3 week stretch yet again.  In those 5 months, there has been an increase in discharge, and my face has broken out HORRIBLY right around the time I normally would have a period.
This medicine worked to relieve my nasal congestion, but gave me severe insomnia.  I stayed up for an entire night.  I also experienced dry mouth. 
I have been taking Dilantin for almost 20   years. Tried all sorts of anti-seizure drugs. You name it I have it. Started Vimpat about 4/5 months ago along with Dilantin. 200mg/day. I felt initially that it is better than others. I did have short seizure (usually don 't get frequently). With increased dose along with Dilantin I am confused, memory loss, dizziness, sort of depressive mood at times. Big thing is the memory loss. I forget what I did at work the other day, things like that. Feel very stressed and have become more sensitive . Major one is memory. 
Hello everyone,I 've been on Celexa for almost 5 months now.  On my 5th month, my doc bumped me up to 60mg.   I initially started taking Celexa for depression.   At first it seemed like I had a ton of energy, and I felt better than ever.  After the first month, I was not feeling better anymore.  Although my dosage has increased, I still don 't feel a sense of relief.  I do however have no anxiety.  I don 't dwell on mistakes I make like I used to.  I actually feel very relaxed.  So relaxed to where, I 'm very lazy.  I think I 've gained at least 7 lbs on Celexa, probably mainly due to my sedentary lifestyle.   I really don 't have much energy to do anything.   I can function and go to work and all, I just feel blah.
I am 19 and have never had problems with my pH balance or YI. I thought my infection was a UTI at first and I took some medicine and drank tons of water. It never went away and I started getting red and swollen so I decided I had a YI. I got the monistat 1 day capsule and I felt great after inserting it at like 9 or 9:30pm. I 'm now awake at 2:48 am with some burning and discomfort. Reading the reviews and I 'm hoping it goes away.
Crestor was doing a very good job in bringing my total cholesterol from 247 to 171. However, after a year and a half I could not stretch without pulling a muscle. I am 104 lbs. So the dosage was reduced to 1/2 of a 5mg tablet, which did not work, my number came up to 219.  I also have gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD), recently I got a bad GERD pain in my chest, I had to take an antacid before, during and after I ate. When I quit Crestor the pain and the head confusion went away. I felt great.  Now my numbers from exercise, eating the right foods that help lower LDLs and raise HDLs have got my total to 236 with all LDLs in normal range with my HDLs high.  My doctor is now trying me on fibrates.
Very active and fit- 37 yrs old and have been on Aromasin for almost 3mo. I was on Tamoxifen for 5 years previously. It was a cake walk compared to Aromasin. I haven 't slept through the night a single night since starting A. My hands are swollen and weak and they ache all the time. I have joint pain all over and am terribly stuff when I sit in the same position for long. I 'm tired and have a hard time working out (I used to live for this)  My vision is blurry sometimes.  This blows but I 'm hoping the SEs will improve soon.
It took me a long time before I had the courage to use this product. My Dr mentioned mirovosa to me. I wanted to find out more about it and began researching. After reading all of the horrible reviews I was very scared to even try this. But I was also tired of my red and makeup does not cover well. I was desperate and decided to give it a try.  After the first couple of days I was amazed. Though I kept waiting for the bad to come. So far my face has done pretty good. The mirvosa takes away most of the red.  For once my face looks like it used to before I had rosacea. The huge downfall is it only lasts for about 6 hours. I hope they can improve and make its effectiveness last a lot longer.
I have had an okay time with this medication. My back pain has been so severe that I have been on opiates for about 5 years.
I was prescribed 100 mg every 12 hours with food. I took it as directed. On the third day, I read horror stories on here and was really nervous to continue taking it. However, I did. It cleared up my UTI quickly, within 24 hrs. I experienced nausea, sore throat, coughing, fatigue.. but nothing extreme like some people on here. I stopped taking it on day 4/5 because I am a student and this week I had 3 exams and really could not afford to be sick. It made me feel crappy but nothing too crazy and it did its job in a timely manner. I wanted to share my story so people know it at least works sometimes.
I am 54 and had a stent put in with 95% blockage. I was put on Metoprolol 25mg along with atorvastatin and effient. The first month or so was tough as I had headaches, chest pains shortness of breath, etc. I think a large part of it was anxiety from a life changing surprise condition. No more headaches and anxiety is much, much better. I have a bit of shortness of breath, even when sitting at times, but I have been able to jog at the gym. Just started again this week and went 30 minute today. Overall, not sure if anything is working, but I am trying to just trust my Doctor and listen to my body. Very tough emotionally, but adjusting.
Not covered by insurance
I took Cymbalta for the first time last night. Within an hour I was falling asleep on the couch, which I never do. Usually I have insomnia, but I slept through the night. However, when I woke up I was violently nauseous and had to take an anti nausea medication (which I sometimes use when my anxiety is really bad cause it makes me sick). I attempted to go about my normal day, but found myself having to take two naps because I was excessively tired. I 've been watching and reading about this medication all day and I am terrified to take another dose because of the side effects and ultimate withdrawal I 'll experience if it doesn 't work out. I noticed today, through my headache and tiredness that I felt more calm. I 'm praying it works for me!
Seems to help. I take 100 mg, twice a day in a combination with Lortab 10. Have not had any of the listed side effects other than, I tend to anger quicker, nothing that can 't be controlled.
I started a very low dosage and worked upward until I found what worked for me (40mg). However, as my depression got worse and worse, the Prozac actually stopped working altogether no matter how much it was increased! It 's a good medicine for mild to moderate depression, but there are better choices for major depression.
I 've been on ADHD medication for a very long time. My body had built a pretty strong tolerance stimulants.I combine normally IR Adderall, Vyvanse, and XR Adderall, and now I combine Zenzedi (great, btw), IR Adderall, and this medication and the only thing I noticed is no increase in focus at all but some weird increase in insomnia which is unusual because it 's not like an anxiety insomnia but a strange almost increased ADHD insomnia I had growing up. Normally after taking my ADHD medications I can sleep without issue but this one causes me to just stay awake without jitters, focus, anxiety, or anything. I don 't care for it.
So I 've been on this birth control a little over a month, and now that I read some of the reviews I know I 'm not crazy. This pill makes you feel depressed. I 'm on the second pack and skipped the sugar pill because I did that with the first birth control I was on and my periods went away. Now I haven 't got an actual period but I 've been spotting for about 5 days now. Two of days I noticed more blood but still not a lot my regular periods are usually 5 days long so hopefully this is the last day of this weird bleeding. Also the blood looks different first it was very light like a pinkest color, than brown, the back to that light pink color then dark red and looks watery.
This medicine (and Synthroid) raises my blood pressure.
Suprep Bowl Prep Kit was the vilest tasting thing I 've encountered in 76 years.  If you plan to use this preparation for a colonoscopy, find a way to mask the taste.  The Suprep left me with a very upset stomach nearly 24 hours after ingesting the first of the two bottles.  At times, while drinking the preparation I experienced some nausea.  It did do the job of cleaning the colon, but it took a very long time to do it.  The drug may work wonders for others, but I won 't touch it again.
I have been on the Viibryd for a month.  I have had NOTHING.  I feel no different than before I started.  No side effects and no change.  Recently, I have been on the 40mg for 2 weeks now and I cannot sleep and I wake up SOAKED in sweat. This is my first attempt at an antidepressant, so maybe it is not the right one for me.
The second pill made me feel confused, anxious, lightheaded.
I just started taking Daliresp again 10-23-16 the only problem that I have is I can 't sleep.I can 't  go to sleep or stay asleep.and when I do go to sleep it 's only for a few hrs.than I am awake again.I take it before and stop taking it because I could sleep.I really don 't know at this time if it works or not.haven 't been on it long enough to know.that 's one of the side effects.so what can u do to stay asleep?
Makes me very fatigued. Almost zombie like. I have a hard time concentrating on anything. Hoping it just takes some time to get in my system and work correctly. If not, going to see if I can get in something different.
I was origininally on Loestrin 24 Fe for almost three years, I then switched to this because loestrin 24 Fe switched brands I guess? So I figured I 'd try something new. I 'm 19 and have now been on lo loestrin for almost 2 months, I have noticed a major breakout of acne in my chin area. I never breakout so it was very unusual for that to occur, I as well noticed a weight gain of abuout 5-6 pounds just in these two months. I am pretty active and eat well and normally can 't gain weight, so I am still not happy about that. I have also noticed having intense headaches, I 'm not sure if its from the birth control, but i 've never had them like this before. The pill does decrease any cramping or nausea I had previously. Probably going to switch back
It makes you go, that 's for sure. Took one before bed and got up to give my baby a bottle at 4.30am, gave him his bottle but when I was putting him back into his cot I felt sudden sharp cramping and I knew I had to run to the bathroom. Had violent diarrhea and intense cold sweating, I started feeling nauseous and extreme abdominal pain, so bad that I woke up on the floor covered In sweat, I don 't know how long I passed out for but I was so confused when I woke, the pain was gone. I passed out cause my body couldn 't handle that level of pain ..I 've had two children and didn 't pass out...this stuff is  unbelievable
I took my first dosage around 5pm and by the next morning I felt drunk and disoriented. My side effects are as follows: grinding my teeth, awaking off and on all night, shaking, dilated pupils, mild stomach ache and headache, fatigue, weakness, nervous, loss of appetite (which I was okay with) and diarrhea. I couldn 't stand for very long therefore I didn 't even attempt going to work. So, I stayed in bed all day and probably by 4 or 5pm that day I felt a lot better. Still groggy but I could function. I skipped taking another dose and went to work the next morning feeling like it was still in my system and I felt good. I 'm weaning onto the medicine by 1/4 of the pill for a week then 1/2 the second and so on. Seems to be working and no side effects.
I 've been on this birth control for almost a year. It started out great and my periods were regular and light. My breasts also got bigger, which was an advantage. Right away I noticed the biggest change in my lifestyle: my sex drive plummeted and I became extremely emotional. I went from having sex with my boyfriend every day to maybe once a week, and it so difficult for me to get turned on. I 'll watch a commercial with a dog in it and cry, or sob uncontrollably when my boyfriend does something nice for me. It 's ridiculous. I also gained a lot of weight since starting Mononessa, and always feel tired and foggy. It has been effective with preventing pregnancy, but is not the right birth control for me.
I have had nexplanon for almost a year and it is effective in one way but I have had so many problems not having a cycle or two months of a cycle. Emotional moods to laughing to crying to smiling to being depressed.
I got this implant on the 13th of November 2015... I 've been bleeding since. Plus, acne ! Everywhere. I 've been on accutane when I was younger and now I have acne all over again because of this implant. It is currently March and this marks my 6th month and I 'm STILL bleeding. My gynecologist says it takes about 6 months for the bleeding to subside. If my bleeding doesn 't stop by the end of the month then I 'm getting this out of me.
My first shot of depo was great, no mood swings or any other side affects other than some very light spotting. Happy with my first shot, I got a 2nd but it didn 't turn out as the first shot did. I 'm happy because there 's no mood swings or really any mental side effects which is why I switched from the pill. However, I was told my period would completely go away or just be light spotting, but for some reason I have now been having a normal/heavy period for over a month now which concerning. I 've also been experiencing a lot of headaches, and cramps that can get so bad they 'll sometimes wake me up from dead sleep. I 'll be going to the doctor soon to get off of this, blood loss is not fun :c don 't think this is super common though
Was on Bydureon and my insurance quit covering it. It worked really well. Now I have to use Tanzeum which does not work nearly as well. May need to up the dosage.
Xiidra helps me but not so much with my dry eyes , it  's expensive I just call Costco to reorder and I need to pay $350 with coupon ! , it 's not caovered by my insurance :(
Hi. Mother of 5 at 24 and was not planning on having any more kids, so I got the Implanon put in before I got discharged from hospital after the birth of my 5th child. Its only been 3 months and I have gained 4 kilos. Can 't seem to manage my appetite and I 'm always moody. To top it all off I bleed constantly. I get my period twice in one month. Definitely going to get it removed.
I have been on Lyrica for only a few months for neuropathy pains. I also have lupus, arthritis, fibromyalgia, and gastrointestinal issues. Lyrica worked excellent the first few weeks for the neuropathic pains. After a while I noticed I started to have more lupus flares and joint irritations. It is causing me to gain weight which is a plus because my other medicines was causing me to loose weight. I have tried a lot of medication including gabapentin (3600mg daily) and Lyrica worked best overall.
This is the first birth control I 've taken. I got really nauseous from it the first day. My breasts have gotten larger and I took it the day of my period and it only lasted for 2 days. I have been pretty moody as well but I think its all just my adjusting to the pill.
I have taken 5mg for two months. Although I am feeling better I have developed a shrill ringing in my ears. Is anyone else experiencing this?
I have only been taking the medication for a week. 500mg/day. I have lost 11 pounds in that week due to the loss of appetite. When I do eat I get sick. Nothing tastes good to me anymore. I 'm having some crazy dreams at night. I urinate every 2 hours minimum. I get a tingling feeling in my fingers, face and legs. I 'm having a spinal tap this Friday to relieve some pressure, I 'm hoping after that happens I won 't have to take this medication anymore. It has alleviated the headaches though!
I used this medicine for less than a week.  It really improved my skin but I had some bad side effects which included being dizzy and light-headed.  I also had stomach cramps and very bad diarrhea.  I tried taking it with and without food.
Today is day one. I am  5 '2&quot; and weigh 221 pounds. Approximately two hours after taking the first dose, I have a horrible  headache and feel pressure in my chest. No body aches or dry mouth and no nausea. I came to this very hopeful site for support and to read experience of others which has been helpful.   Thank you for letting people post reviews. It is very beneficial for us newbies .
I 've been taking Lexapro for roughly 5 months.  The benefit to risk ratio is positive compared to other anti-depressants.  It is not a miracle encapsulated inside a pill.  I hope it is helping.  Motivation and sleeplessness remain my major adversaries.  Of course, your mileage may vary.  It is a helpful (and expensive) medication.
It helped stop the severe allergy sinus headaches I was getting within days. HOWEVER within about a week I broke out in hives and rash.
This gel is amazing and I have used it on &amp; off for years, but now my body is paying the price.   I first noticed, each time I used it, my hands would go numb, then my vision began deteriorating with a stigmatism. Now it 's at the point my hands go numb quickly within a half hour of using this.  Just be aware and careful. I used it about 6x a year for 15 years.  Cannot use anymore.
I 'm on the fence. I hope it is as amazing as it seems to be.  I took Harvoni for 6 months because I was a former non-responder to other treatment. I got my first bottle about one month after the FDA approved the drug.  So looking back I believe I took it from fall of 2014 for six months ending in the spring of 2015. I have been overweight all my life and as soon as I started taking it I began losing weight.  A pound or more a week... And it didn 't stop after six months of treatment I continued to lose weight til I lost about 50 lbs  then I was steady weight for about a year and now have lost ten pounds without even knowing it. Now they are testing me for things like celiac disease.I just can 't get that out of my mind that it may be related
I started this pill at 18 because I didn 't have my period for 6 months. My period came back after the first month. My acne got worse for the first 6 months but eventually got a bit better, no more cystic acne. My appetite skyrocketed but my weight has stayed constant. It 's also given me hot flashes. Lots of moodiness and anxiety but that might be unrelated to the pill, and it has improved somewhat. After 15 months I 've decided to switch pills. That being said, the pill affects everyone differently so take my experience with a grain of salt.
The drug is good at making one feel good, but the weight gain is bad!!
I have been on and off otezla for a year-and-a-half now. I took it for about four months with horrible upset stomach. I did see improvement with my plaque psoriasis on my knees and elbows. I quit otezla because it made my stomach so upset. My psoriasis came back worse than ever. Which freaked me out. Most other medications have even worse side effects so I chose to try otezla again. I have now been back on otezla for about a year. My plaque psoriasis is 75% clear. If I do not stay on a rigid Regiment of taking my pills twice a day my psoriasis immediately comes back worse and my stomach will become upset again. Still not sure what I think of otezla.
I am a 51 year old female. In January 2008 I had a light period that lasted for 4 days and then stopped. Five days later I started bleeding again. I had such a heavy flow with clotting that I had to change every 2 hours. After the 14th day, I began to get very weak. My mother convinced me that this was not normal and to see a gynecologist. On day 16 of this heavy bleeding I went to the gynecologist. She told me I was going through menopause and prescribed Provera. On the next day, I was to take 20mg for 10 days. After 2 days, I stopped bleeding. On day 12 my doctor told me I needed to do this for the next 3 months and each month would get better and it would help me through menopause. I do not feel good at all when I take the Provera.
Day 1----burning and itching like hell!!!!!!  3 day treatment.  Apparently I had a yeast infection, unknown by me, but my husband said he had a itchy feeling on his testicles. Sure enough, the next day I started itching and tested positive for yeast infection.  I hope this doesn 't happen when he puts the cream on himself :/ this sucks. I have used this product before and NEVER have I had these symptoms. Maybe a new ingredient in it?
I was on Mirena for a little over 2 years, starting in 2014. After about 7 months on it my period stopped, and that (in many ways) was my favorite part of Mirena. Unfortunately, around this same time I started getting intensely painful (but benign) ovarian cysts. The day before Thanksgiving, 2015 I had a cyst so painful that I was convinced something had gone wrong with my appendix. All told I went to the ER three times due to these cysts (yes I 've had the HPV vaccine). Finally I took it out, and in that time I 've had no pain. I 've also lost about 10 lbs of the weight I gained on Mirena. I loved the convenience, but some things weren 't worth it.
Medicine worked initially to lower cholesterol but became less effective as time went on. Also, taking three of those &quot;horse pills&quot; twice a day is difficult!  They are huge pills.
My menopausal symptoms do not include hot flashes, only some night sweets. But my taking this medicine is to sleep better. I was not sleeping, only 2 hours than 3 hours. I did not want to take sleeping pills forever. Also, I am gaining weight. These are the Pros and Cons of the patch for me.
First time colonoscopy, so can not compare other preps. Took the first dose at 4pm, followed by five 8 oz water till 9pm. This was gentle enough. Took the second dose at 9pm followed by three 8 oz of water till midnight. Around 2:30 am I woke up with extreme abdominal cramping. Had bowel movements, went to stand up and dizzy, hot and laid down on the floor with very hard abdominal cramping. Got a pillow and laid on the tile floor because I was too sick to return to bed. Also had small amount of vomiting during this time. The doctor said I was clean for procedure, but won 't be taking this again for a prep unless they do something for the horrible cramping.
These drops have definitely helped with the itching, but my eyes are still red.  And I 've developed a sore throat and headache.
Several years ago I was prescribed Abilify as an add on to my Paxil 50 mg. Which I 've been taking for 24 yrs for Major Depression. It was amazing. I was so happy. I became interested again in things that I used to enjoy. Unfortunately my only bad side effect was that it made me cry for absolutely no reason. I could be talking to someone about anything at all, and the tears would start. I had to stop taking it because nobody wanted to be around me anymore. My doctor has never heard of this happening with Abilify. Lucky me.
I have been on BeYaz for 5 months now. I was switched from a normal hormone birth control because it caused terrible breakouts (which I had never had in my life) as well as severe mood swings. At first, I really liked BeYaz. It cleared my skin back up to normal and I didn 't notice any changes. Now I am starting to get extremely agitated at the smallest things, crying for no reason, extreme headaches, and am getting cramps like I used to without birth control. I am considering getting off birth control altogether.
Got it 3 years ago and have had it re inserted in the last 6 months ..found it great for the first 3 years rarely had periods but when I did at random times..did not affect my sex drive but my skin has suffered terribly with break outs ..since I reinserted it its is a completely different story very heavy period I 'm a complete emotional basket case extreme mood swings not feeling myself ..seriously considering a new form of contraception...
For starters, I 've been living through endo for 9 years now. But, after two surgeries for ectopic pregnancies my periods and pelvic pain hit an all time high so I decided to give the depo shot a go. Day three after getting the shot the bleeding/spotting started and never let up. I was constantly wearing a pad or panty liner. No bueno. Along with the spotting was off and on cramping, GI issues, and an insatiable appetite. I was basically having my period every single day. This went on for 4-5 months and let me just say to women worried about gaining weight, NO! Try something else. I gained 23 freaking pounds and now my body doesn 't want to let go of that weight. All in all this did nothing but make my severe periods moderate and constant.
I 'm 18 years old and was put on Topamax for headaches at 16. In the beginning, I was put on 2 x 25mg per day, then increased to 2 x 25mg in the morning, and 2 x 25 mgs at night. After reading everyone 's reviews I think I was put on way too much. I weighed about 125 and I got down to 108! I thought I looked great although many people said I looked too skinny. The con is that it made me feel very slow and I couldn 't concentrate well. As I started to ween myself off of it, the headaches went away. I now weigh 135 and gained about 30 lbs since being off of it. I am considering going back on to lose weight.
At first it was great. I experienced some side effects (headaches &amp; nausea) but didn 't think to attribute them to the Nuvaring. Then they became regular, and the headaches got bad! I have a 7 month old and they make it difficult to care for him. Nothing gets rid of them and the pain makes me super irritable. I started the Nuvaring 3 months ago, I was almost back to my pre-baby weight. I have since gained almost 15 lbs and have no sex drive, which is putting a major strain on my relationship. To top it off, the past 2 months I 've started my cycle a few days early (17-18 days) while the ring was still inserted. I 'm changing my birth control. 
I just started a trial package my doctor gave me 9 days ago. I 've had no side effects other than headache, which has been tolerable and treated with Advil. The main benefit I 've noticed is that I 'm not constantly hungry, so it 's helping control my eating. I 've lost 3 lbs, which seems minimal to others ' reviews, but I 'm happy how it 's going so far with no side effects. I started with the trial package because my insurance doesn 't cover the medication, so I wanted to make sure I could tolerate any effects.  I 'll plan to continue using the medicine.
Where do I start!? This medicine is horrible!  I guess The moment you put the first pill in your mouth.. it taste like poison! The pill is a little hard to swallow! I&rsquo;m taking the 500MG , 2x a day for BV! I decided to take mine 3 days before my menstrual cycle started and I didn&rsquo;t see a difference in my discharge before my cycle came so I don&rsquo;t know if it&rsquo;s working or not! (I didn&rsquo;t have a foul odor or anything before taking this medicine)! But what I do know is this medicine has made me very nauseous and fatigue!! And also I think it maybe giving me a yeast infection because I&rsquo;ve been feeling a little itchy pain down there (once I got to day 3)!!! I&rsquo;m on day 4 and I&rsquo;m just ready to be done!!! They need to find another remedy!!
I got the Implanon a month ago and have felt kind of weird. I 've been on my period for two weeks pretty heavily. I know I need time to adjust to it but I don 't like how crazy my mood swings have been! I do have a sense of relief knowing I won 't get pregnant and maybe in the end this will all work out.
I went to see doctor finally after 100+ days of sinusitis...just thought it was a persistent cold. No bad side effects, at all, but not as effective as I had hoped.  First day (2 doses) I felt improvement after 4 hours.  Day 2 unfortunately, all symptoms worsened (congestion, headache, ear pressure, postnasal drip, coughing). Day 3, symptoms became worse still. Day 4 was nearly unbearble with the worst headache I have had in my 66 years. Ears felt as if filled with fluid.  Not able to sleep at all at night, even with head in elevated position.  Today is Day 5, and I 've taken the final dose.  There is some improvement today, and the package asserts that the antibiotic will keep working for Days 6-10, even though no more doses will be taken.
Hi, everyone I got the nexplanon last September in 2014 and after 8/9 months of constant bleeding even after the doctor prescribed estradiol to stop the bleeding which on last 2 weeks if that. I just had it removed yesterday August 4, 2015 because of the constant period and 13 lbs I gained that no matter how hard I worked out, ate less calories, no bread whatever and the weight wasn 't coming off. I 'm so happy it 's out. Back to good old pills.
4th time this year being on pred. doesn 't seem to be working as well as it has in the past.  I 'm 43 diagnosed with UC. Feb. 2014. Tried Lialda MP6 and both made me vomit and weak.  currently on Remicade with 2 infusions and no response yet. Getting nervous that I will need surgery.
I 'm a 16 year old girl, and I 've had my Implanon since January 2010.  At first, I really liked it because I didn 't get my period again until March. The period that started mid March didn 't end until mid April.  I noticed no severe cramps, or mood swings at first.  I then went 3 months WITHOUT a period, with a high sex drive, and feeling really happy.  However, I think I was having mood swings without realizing it. After 3 months of enjoying my Implanon a bad period came, with VERY bad cramps, constant breast tenderness, and as my boyfriend says  'severe jerkiness ', that lasted for a month, and it has just ended.  I think I 'm back to liking the Implanon. 
So I just had a breast reduction 3 weeks ago, &amp; two weeks into the healing process I got my 1st UTI. I consulted friends of the pain after urinating &amp; they suggested lots of water &amp; cranberry juice which didn 't do much at all. A few days later after consuming all that liquid my kidneys started throbbing. I couldn 't take it, &amp; went to the doctors. They prescribed me Microbid. I 'm currently on day 3, twice a day with food. I 've experienced fevers, chills, constant abdominal &amp; kidney pains to the point of tears. Only thing that 's stopped hurting is going to the washroom. I 'm on this medication for 4 more days &amp; hoping I recover soon. My body 's under enough stress with the reduction/infection so I 'm hoping that this med will clear the UTI up
I have been taking this for about 6 or 7 months now and I don 't think I will continue after I finish this pack. At first I would get very very nauseous at night before bed, making it a little difficult to fall asleep. My emotions are all over the place. I am super sensitive to everything, very easily irritated and oh my god I cry so much. I cry A LOT. I mean, I cry during commercials, those facebook videos about good samaritans or sick kids, during movies, or if someone says anything even just slightly mean to me. Sometimes, I cry for no reason at all. In fact, I 'm crying right now as I 'm writing this, and have been crying for the past 3 hours and I can 't pin point exactly why. On the bright side, I am not pregnant, so it does do its job
I was on Trinessa for 7 years. The past 6-7 months I have been getting very emotional while on my period week. It started out gradual and then was getting worse as the months go on. I would just start crying over NOTHING! I went to the doctor and she switched me to LoSeasonique BUT I 'm going to get off of that because I have been spotting pretty bad and I still can 't get over the fact of not having a period except for 4 times per year, seems very unnatural. Before Trinessa, I was on Orth-tri-cyclen lo and I had bad migraines.
Well firstly I just wanted to say that I 've had the best night of my life sitting here after popping two dulcolax - unaware of what 's install for me. I took them at around half past midnight then came online and saw these reviews. I 've been laughing my absolute head off for over an hour at all the comments. I 'm partially scared, because after everyone claiming to have almost died, I 'm now expecting the worst 
Vivitrol does an excellent job at blocking your opiate receptors, preventing you from getting high. I 've been a heavy heroin/oxycodone addict for the last 6 years. This was my first real attempt to quit and decided on Vivitrol because it 's non habit forming. I 've been on the shot for 5 months now. The reason I give it a so so rating is because it does nothing for your urges and cravings. That 's a battle you still have to fight on your own. After my first injection I experienced &quot;brain fog&quot;, rapid heartbeat, high blood pressure for the next 24 hours. I was 14 days clean prior to the injection. The next 4 injections went smooth. Vivitrol also seems to effect my sleep pattern, bowel movements, and sex drive for two after each of the injections
I wish I would have read these comments before hand. My appointment is tomorrow at 6:30am so my doctor had me take both doses of the Suprep the day before. 5pm and 9pm.  I took my first dose at 5pm, but didn 't have a bowl movement until 7pm.. Then it was flowing for the next few hours.. Literally like a fire hose, every 10 minutes or so. Now it 's just after 9pm and I feel sick to my stomach and have a really bad headache. The thought of choking down another dose almost makes me throw up, not kidding. Wish I would have taken the first dose earlier. That way I wouldn 't be up so late. Anyway, this is my first colonoscopy.. I am a 26 year old female and had to get one because of irregularity in my stools that I 'm not going to get into.
So far its slowly working for my ear infection. The pain has lessened but still have  mild pain. I 'm on my 4th day. Hopefully in 6 days the ear will be completely healed. There are some minor side effects I have noticed. Particularly some joint pain but it is not bad and mild. Maybe a little nausea in my stomach too, but very mild. I 'm just happy my pain has lessened in the ears.I took the augmetin generic for Amoxicillin/clauvantic acid 875mg twice daily for 10 days.
I was using the nuva ring for about a year and a half.. Maybe a little over. At first I noticed a change in my attitude as if it almost made me crazy, emotional, &amp; snippy. I was excited to have my period shortened to a day a month with clear skin while also being protected from pregnancy so the mood change wasn 't a big deal. About 6-7 months after being on it I started gaining weight with no diet change. Now looking back I went from 153-198lbs.  Also my sex drive decreased 100%!! If it weren 't for my boyfriend loving sex, sex probably wouldn 't even cross my mind. Went off it last week with high hopes because the side effects aren 't worth it after the convenience wears off.
I 'm 42. Never pregnant.  Got my Skyla end of May. The insertion was crazy painful for me. I did not take any pain meds before hand though. For the next week I was in so much pain 800mg ibuprofen and a heating pad couldn 't even touch it. I had to sleep sitting up on the couch, because it hurt too much to lie down. After about 2 mos I finally could no longer feel it in my body and could lay on my stomach. It 's now November and I still have pelvic pain. I 'm nauseous a lot too. I have PCOS and my dr confirmed I have a sizeable cyst on one of my ovaries now. My period stopped completely by mo 3, although it has always been extremely light. I don 't think I will get it a 2nd time.
I transitioned to NuvaRing from Sprintec two months ago due to lifestyle changes that made it impossible to take a pill at the same time every day. Pros: don 't need to remember a daily pill... and that 's about it. I 've been bleeding for a month straight, my face has broken out, my appetite seems to have gone through the roof, labile moods, and the ring seems to always want to work it 's way out of place... Have to constantly push it back up. My first month 's ring actually must have fallen out, because it was just gone when I checked it one day. Not cool. Plus, my insurance only covers part of it, so I end up paying about $50 a month for it.I 've had enough, I 'm getting Mirena placed in a few days.
I used to use this medication whenever I was constipated and was okay.  However on one occasion I had a very nasty side effect, I vomited violently, had terrible cramping pain and was screaming in agony.  It was as bad as labour!  I won 't go into too much detail regarding the terrible amount that passed out of me, but vomiting and the runs is not nice at all.  I have never had this side effect with another laxative and will never use it again.  I believe it is unpredictable - because I used it previously and nothing terrible happened - but I literally thought I was dying when I had that horrid experience.  If it happens to you I hope you drank lots of water afterwards.  I felt really ill and weak.  I should 've reported this sooner!
I 'd had mild symptoms of a yeast infection two days before realizing that what my symptoms were indicating was a YI. I 'm 18 and this was my first YI ever so I decided to go with the Monistat 3 day cream treatment and after applying it the first day my symptoms felt even worse! The burning and itching was intensified, but only for about 30 mins or so. After that, I could lay down and sleep comfortably. The next day it was more swollen down there than the day before however I continued treatment and have just finished day 3 with swelling completely gone and irritation and itching minimal. The vulvar cream that comes with it causes the it to itch and burn also, but like the applicator cream, only for a little while until you feel some relief.
I just started this medication a few months ago to get off klonopin. It gives me insomnia as soon as I pop one. When I finally get sleep it 's bad dreams I don 't feel rested when I wake up. I 've never felt shittier.
Was placed on this for Hypercholesterolemia, incidentally my triglycerides were high as well. Can 't really say if this has helped or not. I suspect another medication, Abilify, was responsible for the Hypercholesterolemia and high triglycerides. I quit the Abilify and the last time I had my levels checked I was told I was normal. Again, can 't say if this has helped...can 't say it hasn 't.
I am on day 8. Finally starting to feel some what normal again. This medicine has made me feel horrible. The first few days I was extremely agitated with crying bouts that are completely abnormal for me. My doctor told me that want a side effect, but I have seen several people mention the same issue. I still have a general feeling of being anxious and feeling ill. Nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, and headaches have all been frequent. Stool is very black. Metallic taste and dry mouth. I can say eating well before each dose and drinking water seems to have helped. I wish my doctor had given me more information,  so I was at least prepared. I won 't know until 3 months if it works - for my breath test. If it works, I suppose it is worth it.
I was put on Abilify 4 years ago for depression along with Prozac. At first it really helped my mood. That only lasted several months, so the doctor raised my dose to 10 mg a day. I gained 30 lbs in 6 months. I am still on the medicine but decided last night to take it down to 5 mg a day and eventually to discontinue it all together. No matter what I do, eat healthy, exercise, etc., I cannot lose weight. It has to be the Abilify, I can 't think of any other reason. I probably only put 1200 calories a day into my body, if that. I should be losing. 
Hello. I got mine put in on December 16, 2015 and I 'm not a very big fan of it. My periods have gotten very bad since. Way heavier than usual! My face has been breaking out really bad. My sex drive is fine and I haven 't gained any weight from it (so far) and I haven 't had problems with being tired all the time. But it 's my periods that are just awful. Usually my periods would last seven to eight days but my first period after getting the implant lasted 12 days and this past one lasted 10 and then I started spotting last night. I see my doctor again on the 16th of this month. I don 't know that I would really recommend it.  Really, the only good thing is that I haven 't gotten pregnant. Another bad thing about it is I don 't really have an appetite.
I was prescribed Luvox for Obsessive Compulsive Disorder even though I don 't think I have OCD. I think I have anxiety and panic disorder/depression. I have excessive worrying, panic attacks, sleeping problems, ruminations but no compulsions I can think of. However my psychiatrist says I have OCD and put me on Luvox. Immediately my sleep improved and my excessive worrying has been reduced by about 50%. I am so much more relaxed. However I don 't seem to really care about anything and its hard to get out of bed and do much even on a low dose (25mg). I feel like I am in slow motion and I 'm always tired. My body also feels like I have weights attached to it. I see a new psychiatrist in two weeks.
Rapid  weight  gain,  even when  dieting.
I was up to a very high dose of Neurontin in hopes of it helping my horrid migraines, but nope.  All it did was cause some major word finding problems.  My neurologist finally switched me to Topamax.  My mother loves Neurontin for her hot flashes though. I didn 't have any other side effects other than the strange word finding issues.
I 'm a 31 year old female, 5 '7&quot;, 115 lbs. I originally started 50 mg Zoloft when I was in college. Combined with 10 mg Buspar it did wonders for my depression and anxiety. I weaned off after 4-5 years and was off of it for 5 years, doing well until recently. Over the past year I 've been battling horrible insomnia and my anxiety became unbearable. I started back on Zoloft in August. The first week I started I an immediate improvement in my anxiety. My insomnia has yet to improve though, so my doctor kept increasing the dose, eventually peaking at 125. Currently on 100 mg and planning on getting off of it soon, as I 've become more jittery and insomnia has become worse lately.
Ok, I 'm back to share my experience with Pylera. I completed a 10-day dose of 12 pills/day.Glad that I read reviews before begining or else the side effects would 've concerned me.From. day 1, I experienced daily nausea even though I ate a small meal with each dose, had a slight headache for about 3 days, my feces turned blackish brown by day 3 &amp; lost its stink! No kidding! I also felt a little off, i.e. a feeling not quite right &amp; a little tired. I drank a lot of water with each dose just as stated. I wont know the results for another 2-3 weeks. In the mean time I am taking Omeprazol 2x daily &amp; a Probiotic.
Metformin so far has been good to me. I have had no side effects. Most likely because I stick to the diet the doctor prescribed. I stay away from carbs from bread, fried food, and candy and sweets. I mainly eat fruits, veggies, and salads in moderation. I feel really good.
Dermatologist put me on Bactrim DS, to be taken twice a day with food. No side effects in the first few days and did a good job at clearing up my face. Currently I am on the 9th day and experiencing severe side effects. Fever, chills, extreme joint pain, muscle weakness and overall sluggishness. Also experiencing difficulty breathing, a tight chest, headache, and dizziness to the point of almost falling over, for no reason. The most severe of the side effects is the joint paint. Can hardly take a step on my right leg and cannot lift anything with my right arm. Bactrim does it 's job however at the expense of your health. Please do your research before starting this drug!
It 's been one week and I feel EXTREMELY tired and depressed. I really want this to work so I 'll give it a little more time. It 's easy to put in and I don 't feel it at all. But I 'm sleeping like 12 hours a day, and feel like I 'm swimming through mud. Also, I 've been having random cramps, or sharp pains in my abdomen. 
I took Mucinex for a bad case of bronchitis. It worked very well and I was finally able to stop coughing and start breathing again. The only problem was that it interfered with my sleep. I was awake most of the night and was not tired the next day. I had to quit taking it.
This is my first time using birth control pills. I have been on Safyral for a month and a half. It has cleared up my skin significantly but caused bad mood swings and nausea. I am switching to a new birth control with a lower dose of hormones to help with my mood.
It did stop the cough, got up all the junk in my lungs and allowed me to continue my work day. However it gave me such terrible stomach pain I was very near calling it quits and going home. Taking a smaller dose with food made this problem much more tolerable, yet that burning feeling lingered for hours after.
The one side effect I seem to experience on a constant basis is being cold all the time. The amlodipine has lowered my pressure though.
I have only been on this pill for 3 weeks now, but wanted to insert my experience because it seems pretty different than some of the other reviewers. I had light spotting for about a week and a half four days into taking the pill, then it completely stopped. I didn 't experience any other side effects until the next week: dizziness, lightheadedness, and something I can only describe as a &quot;mental cloudiness.&quot; These effects would normally last 15 hours after taking the pill (I take it at 9PM). Nothing I do could help it--eating, drinking water, you name it. Feels kind of like I have morning sickness or something until 2PM, but I would like to add that that is not consistently every day. I take my pill at the same time every day.
I have been taking Pristiq for about 3 weeks now, and I am extremely tired 24/7. Now mind you I do have a busy schedule (full time job and classes 24 hours a wk). I do notice however that things don 't bother me like they used to and my crying has eased up a bit. I have started having some nausea, hopefully the tiredness and nausea will diminish the longer I take Pristiq.
Received samples from Dr 's office to last for 1 month.  My symptoms were stomach pain,  heartburn and excessive burping for around 5 days before getting an appointment.  Within 2 days all the symptoms described above were 90 percent better but almost from day 2 I started having very soft stools which could turn to loose stools later in day.  Not uncommon to have 4-5 bowel movements in a day.   Starting with week 4 I started feeling burning sensations in my back and the stomach pain and burping returned although has been to a lesser degree.  I do not intend to take anymore and will explore other options with Dr.  Do your research on PPI 's they can act as a mask for more serious issues.
I have been taking Lyza since December 5th, 2016.  I have had vaginal bleeding since December 7th, 2017.  Yes, that is 71 days straight!  I have not had any other side effects from this pill but the bleeding is enough to do me in.  I keep waiting to see if it will even out but again this week it is heavier then just spotting and showing no signs of slowing down.  I have high blood pressure which is why I am on this pill but I don 't think I can keep taking it much longer.  So frustrated!!!!
I have been on Lyrica for around a year now, I take 300mg twice a day, initially this was a wonder drug that helped immensely with my pain, I couldn 't stay awake for first few weeks but since getting used to it I 've been fine. The massive downside for me is that it 's affects have weaned dramatically and I once again find myself in pain, being a single parent to 4 children and working full time is becoming increasingly difficult and I 'm not sure I can continue working.
My doctor suggested this since it is a 91 day cycle which would help with other health issues. I 've been spotting for months now and have had frequent nausea and cramps. I 'm changing to Ovcon 35 and hoping that will be better.
Been on Mylan Estradiol transdermal 0.1mg for 4 months. Apparently it 's the generic version of Vivelle Dot. Well, it 's been great in handling the symptoms of surgical menopause. No headaches or migraines, no more brain fog, lots of energy. However, I have gained weight, have trouble sleeping (never had that issue in my life!), and feel like scratching my skin off everywhere I affix the patch. No matter how dry my skin is, this large, thick, ugly patch has trouble sticking and moisture always gets under it. I end up with an angry itchy red ring that lasts for a week after its gone. So I 'm switching to name brand Vivelle Dot. I hope to get the same benefits with a smaller, less ugly patch, and hope it resolves the irritation!
I 've been using Ziana for about a year now, it seems to do a good job preventing and treating new acne vulgaris, but does nothing to prevent or eliminate the white heads.  I actually haven 't used it in the past week, and have seen no change in my skin.  I also wash my face with a salicylic acid/glycolic acid face wash that my dermatologist sells.
I 'm wondering if this birth control is only extremely effective because it makes completely undesirable to your partner. I had this implanted while still breastfeeding. My doctor was optimistic that I wouldn 't bleed because I wasn 't having any period at the time. 3 weeks later the spotting began and it hasn 't stopped. I should have been more questioning when the nurse asked me if I was comfortable carrying panty liners everywhere in case I start spotting randomly. Well, I 'm happy to say it 's not random but unhappy to say it 's constant. My partner and I have yet to have sex since I had the baby in April. Mostly because of the bleeding and my terrible anxiety for this implant.
I 've had two implanon 's in four years. with the first one I gained around 20kgs, obviously not from the implanon itself but more likely as a result of a massive hormone change. I had the first one for almost three years before I decided to have it removed as it caused such a profound hormone imbalance I ended up with a harmless but embarrassing discharge for the last nine months. The second implanon I had implanted in early 2015, it started off fine- one menstrual cycle every 2-3 months, but now I am lightly bleeding for two weeks of every month with terrible hormonal acne and cramps. This device has been a wonderful thing for me most of the time so I allow it a bit of leeway in terms of unwanted effects.
Started taking a week ago and the first day I just didn 't have those cravings anymore. Everything was dandy until I went to the 1mg dose yesterday, now I have had unbearable stomach pains since.  I will move back to half dosage. If my stomach doesn 't recover I 'll stop, at least it got me through the first week which is the roughest and all the evil nicotine is out of my system.
Idk yet. I 've been using the cream on 3 small (1/8&quot;) GW on my penis for about 5-6 weeks now and haven 't really seen significant improvement. I can 't say it doesn 't work, as there has been a slight improvement, but as of yet I 'm still unsure if it 's going to work for me, which isn 't unheard of in some people. The recommended usage prescribed by my doctor was 2 times a week, for up to 12 weeks, I 've been applying it every 3rd day instead. After reading some of the reviews I think I 'll start applying it every other day... I 've had none of the burning or itching described, after the first week I did notice the skin was breaking, but that seems to have stopped.
I have Rheumatoid Arthritis and have been using Sulfasalazine for the last 4 years as an &quot;add-on&quot; to methotrexate. I take the maximum dose, but must confess that I can only see a minimal reduction of pain using this medicine. 
My experience with this has not been good so far. I previously lost almost 40 lbs before starting this birth control and have gained 20 lbs since i starting taking Trycyclen. I 'm very active and eat very healthy, also my acne has come back in full affect. Not impressed, getting my doctor to switch me immediately
I have been taking Ambien for several years, and recently started taking Ambien CR.  It works very well, if taken on an empty stomach.  However, I was having only mild sleep difficulty when my doctor prescribed it.  I have tried other sleep medicines, Ambien is one of the strongest prescription insomnia drugs available.  I highly recommend trying something with less side effects first, and only if absolutely necessary, try Ambien.  Ambien is very difficult to discontinue after extended use.
I 've been on Xulane for several months now and I hadn 't had a problem until February, when the patch started to give me huge raised rashes, I tried it on multiple spots on my body, tried washing with different soaps, using different lotions, nothing worked.  I feel like they must 've switched the adhesive recently, because this problem happened out of the blue and wasn 't isolated to one patch (I even got a new package, and still had the same issue occur).  I 'm really disappointed because I loved this birth control, but I suppose I 'll just have to find something new when I have the time.  It 's really ruined all the skin I 've put it on. The skin where the rashes appeared seems to have scarred.
Started taking for acne. It helped a lot the first three weeks but the second I had my period it 's like I might as well not even be taking the oracea because I see little to no difference. I get diarrhea and upset stomach in addition to taking this medication. For me, I 'll probably need to take a stronger medicine.
I used Mirena for 8 months. It worked well as birth control but caused me to have 2 week periods and also some minor hair loss and bloating. I liked not having to remember taking a pill but couldn 't tolerate the very long periods. My advice is just give it the 6 months to regulate like your doctor says and see how it goes for you.
I 've been on Jolessa for about 45 days now.  My insurance wouldn 't approve the original brand, which my RN mother-in-law says is better, but I 've read about other women spotting on Seasonique too so its probably more personal experience. Light spotting at least every few days and I still got a period even after my first month which lasted about 10 days as opposed to my short, but very painful ones.  On the plus side, I didn 't even know the period was coming like I usually do: no severe cramps, mood swings, PMS, etc... On the down side, I have zero sex drive.  But overall, I feel very &quot;calm&quot; with less anxiety.  Not sure about weight gain, perhaps a few pounds but I 'm making an extra effort to eat better and exercise.
It 's been 2 months since starting saxenda and I 'm still having big time issues. I 'm losing the weight, my a1c is better (it 's always been under 7 and is now 6.5) but the side effects are taking its toll. The chronic diarrhea and gut rot have me feeling like an exhausted piece of dirt every day. The nutritionist says I need 50 minutes of Cardio per day, and theres no way this is happening as I just feel like crap all the time. If this wasn 't a study I would have bowed out by now. I still may but it is doing what it 's supposed to do.... Better blood gluose and weight loss. In the 14 month trial I was supposed to lose 12 pounds, it 's been 2 months and I 've lost exactly 20 pounds. We will see what the future holds.
I have been taking this medication for about 2 weeks now. I was put on this medicine for depression and being unable to sleep since losing my father in December. Since starting this medicine I feel less depressed and am able to sleep although I am always hungry. I was never able to get above 115 lbs but now weigh 134 lbs. I like the medicine so far and have no other side effects. 
Used it during menopause for extreme emotional distress. That was 15 years ago. It was slowly increased from 33 mg to 225 mg due to ineffectiveness. I finally decided after reading up on it that it wasn 't worth  the side effects that I had if I ran out or if I wanted to get off. Well, I decided to get off. Please do not go on this drug if there is a chance you will ever want to go off of it. It took me 4 months to wean myself off. This past week was the first week I have been completely off. It has been an excruciating long 4 months. I took my time, but the withdrawal is bad. I can not imagine withdrawal from other drugs being much worse. Feel sick to my stomach, Joints ache beyond belief. Emotionally I am a mess, but I try, I try!
I got this implanted into my arm exactly two years ago.. my doctor has now recommended me to get this taken out of my arm as soon as possible do to my abnormal weight gain. Sadly, I have gained about 60 lbs since having this birth control. My periods after the first year have been very irregular. All of this birth control method has prevented me from getting pregnant,  all the other side effects aren 't worth it. I have an appointment within the next few weeks to get this taken out of my arm.
I 've taken many different anti depressants for anxiety, depression, insomnia and agoraphobia for a number of things really. I 'm taking 30mg and I 've been taking it around 4 months now, for the first two months my mood had improved but I slept around 15 hours a night but after having around 6 months of about 1-2 hours sleep a night it was welcome to me. And also I ate everything which my loved ones enjoyed as my anxiety was so bad I hardly ate. But now I 've reached the point where they seem to have stopped working for me, I 've become really anxious again and stressed out over anything and my moods are the worst!! I am really disappointed as they worked so well for so long, so hoping to try something else soon :(
I 've had T2 for over 10 years.  A1Cs increased to 7.1 from 6.2 while on janumet 50/1000 2x/day.  Dr put me on invokana 200mg 2x day.  Fasting dropped after 2 weeks to 120. Drinking lots of water which has prevented yeast infections. I was concerned about the black box warnings and amputations.  Now in 7th month and my right is so achy..  My dr reassured me that that this drug is safe.  He also stated that  his &quot;drug rep&quot; confirmed that clinical trials must include amputations from auto accidents unrelated to the medication.  Yes my Dr really said that .  Going to stop invokana and changing doctors.  Good luck guys!
Pills are small and easy to take, just be sure to take them with food and that you 'll be near a toilet. Going from 1-2 bowel movements a week to 3-4 a day.
I keep losing hair density. I have not maintained or gained hair. In my case, I think it only slows the alopecia process. I have used it for about 1 year and a half.Side effects: Aqueous semen
I started using the patch around 2 months ago. I loved it at first. I needed the hormones because I have hypothyroidism and I needed more estrogen. I mainly took it because my health condition caused me to have acne all the time, 2 periods a month, &amp; I started growing facial hair rapidly. I tried this and at first it was pretty cool, my hair stopped growing so fast, my periods were predictable, my acne was gone, and my small boobs grew. But all of a sudden after 2 weeks I started getting crazy mood swings and sad.  I was snappy and had so much attitude. Then I started noticing that sleep was getting difficult. And I ended up gainingweight like crazy the last 3 weeks on it. itchy everywhere. Took it off today, &amp; very nauseous. Not worth it.
I started on just 8 Mcg and noticed no change at all in a month so my GI decided to up it to 24 I believe. I 'm on a lot of medication for chronic pain and tumor damage to my brain so juggling all my meds it took me almost a month to figure out the higher dosage was causing me to throw up every morning. I wake up and take all my morning pills so obviously my stomach is kinda empty and 40 minutes later I 'm vomiting with little warning. I thought it was associated with another brain tumor as when I took the pill again at 6 I didn 't get sick but by then I had a meal in me. It has helped somewhat with my bowels but I 'm still on miralax and stool softener and the copay is pretty high so with all considered and how lousy the side effects are
I 'm reasonably satisfied with Lutera. My chief concern with oral birth control has been emotional side effects (feeling SO CRAZY), and I really cannot tell any difference at all in my mental health or emotional state when taking Lutera. It 's not a perfect fit still, as I cramp way more on the last 2-3 days of  'white pills ' than I ever have, though the cramps are mild. I 've also noticed breast tenderness. But for me the worst effect is that I have had about zero sex drive in the 4 months I 've been taking Lutera. That 's been a major drag.
I am a male, and my girlfriend was using Nuvaring for a few months. It definitely does what it says as far as birth control goes, however, it hurt my penis. 
I had the Mirena placed November 14 '. I am 23 with no kids and the insertion was probably the WORST pain I 've ever experienced. The pinch you feel is the absolute worst ! After the procedure I cramped a lot . The cramps were so bad I couldn 't walk but that only went on for a week. After that no more cramps and everything went back to normal . In January of 15 ' I started spotting almost everyday of that month. I assume it was because my body was still trying to adapt to it. It is now March 16 ' and all I 've had is weight gain and I mean I am 80 pounds heavier since having the Mirena. It does its job and I 've had no pregnancies but the weight gain is terrible
I 've been experiencing panic attacks for over a year, at first I thought maybe it was a phase that would pass but they have become constant and are really affecting my life. My doctor prescribed 10mg dosage for the first 2 weeks then 20mg from then on and I take them before bed. I been on it for a week and 3days and experiencing headaches and when I wake up to fast I feel like the room is moving and I can 't focus my vision. Hopefully the side effects go away and I can experience the benefits. I 've been reading lots of different opinions, mostly about the withdrawal symptoms. I 'm 18 so I don 't want to be hooked on it forever then again if it helps my panic disorder and doesn 't cause any major health issues, why not?
I have been a user of the medicine for 3 yeas and I have had moderate to poor success.
Definitely helps with anxiety when combined with an SSRI.
Age 29, Japanese. I 've been on this BC for about 1.5week and this is my first time to use BC in my entire life. I was very worried about using Orsythia that is not approved in Japan. I couldn 't even find any info in Japanese, so wasn 't sure if it fits Japanese bodies. Right after I started to take the pill, I had the same symptoms as I do during period such as cramping. On the 9th day, I started to bleed but like a spot (still need a pad). I checked the Japanese site and found out that it was a normal side effect ppl have when they start to use BC. So maybe even using different brands, I would have the same thing. The site said that the symptoms wouldn 't last longer than 3 months. I 'm still bleeding on the 11th day but gotta see.
I 'm only writing this in response to the numerous complaints of bleeding for months after receiving the Depo shot. When I went in to get mine, after much research on my part (I 'd been on the pill before and it completely did not work for me), I had been told about 5 times that the MOST COMMON side effect of this form on birth control is bleeding/spotting for up to a YEAR. I was given my options and understood the risks and side effects. So for people who are surprised or upset about this, maybe your provider was not clear enough or you yourself did not do enough research, but it is a very well known and common side effect. As with many things, you need to let your body get used to it.
Got on this pill about 4 months ago. Everything is fine normal. I 'm also on anti depressants for anxiety and it didn 't do anything to make my anxiety worse. The only thing that I do not like is the weight gain it makes me eat way more than I do I feel like I 'm pregnant. I don 't mine the bigger boobs but the weight gain sucks.
Was given this medicine for upper respiratory tract infection. It helps the cough but makes you feel really out of it. With this prescription I have had headaches. I 'm on the 12 hour/1 tsp dosage. I would recommend that this drug before you go to bed.
Taking Lyrica relieves my fibromyalgia symptoms literally in days and the pain relief from that is amazing. Unfortunately I can 't sleep, I get red sore eyes water retention, constipation, irritated bladder, passing water much more frequently. Pelvic pain, sore gums. Cramps, excess wind, bloated stomach, runny nose. These side effects occur as quickly as the pain from fibromyalgia goes.
I have been on Kariva for 3 months and liked it pretty well. It definitely does its job with preventing pregnancy and also made my periods super light and short (4 days) which was nice. But I gained about 10 pounds on it which was awful! It did make my breasts fuller but the weight gain is terrible. No change in sex drive but it did cause some serious dryness for me in that I just wouldn 't get wet down there which was frustrating for me and my bf! But overall not a bad price for a pill that does its job.
Moderate pain relief. Non-diabetic nerve pain in legs and feet..60 mg daily...caused erectile dysfunction and tiredness but worth the relief of pain. 8 yrs Now.
I put a 5/10 rating because I have just started taking Latuda 20mg. The only side effect I have noticed is feeling drowsier than usual. I am most likely going to give it 1-2 weeks before jumping to the conclusion that it doesn 't work (as I was notorious for doing that after like 2 days of taking the medication). I am also taking Wellbutrin 300mg and Trazadone 50mg. I find I take Latuda after dinner or late snack as it does make me drowsy. However the Trazadone is like a miracle drug for me. Before I was taking it and when I took a break from it when I couldn 't afford them at the time I had the most restless sleeps imaginable. Was skeptical about starting Latuda as I am also taking 2 other medications. But Psychiatrist said it was safe.
Seroquel XR definitely helped me with my moods and rapid cycling. But.... gave it away because I was forever hungry. I lost all internal compass on whether or not I required food. Which is scary for me because I 've always been normal weight and relied upon internal hunger cues to direct my eating. These cues were lost on seroquel. I wanted to eat all the time! I put myself on a strict diet yet the weight still kept creeping on. In my opinion, seroquel lowers the metabolism. Such that you 'd have to restrict your calorie intake quite seriously. I 'm going to try Latuda instead as it 's a &quot;weight neutral&quot; preparation.
My entire spine was destroyed in a car accident 26 years ago, and I developed MPS.  3 years ago I broke my neck during a seizure, causing additional pain.  Avinza has done the best at controlling my pain; but while on Kadian I was titrated from 120mg to 60mg by doctors who didn 't believe I was really in pain.  Now that they have MRI 's of the damage suffered 26 years ago that has degenerated over the years, they believe me and will finally titrate me up to 90mg of Avinza, which is a wonder for me.  I also use several other means to control the pain, such as diversion, a spa, exercise, and relaxation response.
I began this product last year and did well. Was switched to the pill but I cannot remember to take it, so yesterday my doctor switched me back. Today I feel very uneasy, sad, I 've cried all day.
I had very little pain reduction with this medication. I was taking it at 120mg/day by the time I was switched. I had very little side effects, but it did affect my libido and sexual performance. I also found I did not have much creative drive while I was on the medication, which was one of the primary reasons I asked to be switched. It might have reduced my pain by a point on the 1-10 scale, but that simply wasn 't worth it, especially at a $320/mo cost with no insurance.
I went on this because I really liked the sound of only 4 periods a year (mine are miserable &amp; heavy). I didn 't have any spotting on the 1st pack. However, on just about every pack since then I 've had anywhere from 1-3  weeks of spotting. Sometimes it 's just brown discharge, other times it warrants a tampon. My periods are just as heavy and miserable. I also initially had a massive acne flare up when I started Camrese. About twice per pack I 'll break out badly on my face - once during my period and about 2-3 weeks after that. I 'll be asking for a different brand at my next visit. Been on this for 1 year but hey, I didn 't get pregnant.
Began 10mg of Escitalopram, decided I needed to take it at night as it was pretty sedating - which I didn 't mind as my anxiety would keep me awake most nights. I felt great great initially, moved up to 20mg; mood was up, anxiety wasn 't so dwelling, sleeping was great. I work in healthcare and decided to check my BP one day and it was sky high, I 'm talking 200/110. Over the weeks, I monitored the blood pressure and symptoms. About a month in, my numbers came down but was still higher than my usual readings. Mood and sleep were still going well. But then I noticed, my husband did first, that I became very fidgety - excessively chewing my finger nails, rambling andtalking with out any meaning. After 6 weeks of use, my doctor decided to take me off.
I have been on this for 3 weeks and I had nausea and diarrhea on the second days of the injection.I have a dull pain in my lower left abdomen. My sugar levels have gone down but it wears off towards the end of the week.
Well....50 pounds gained later I 'm not very happy with this pill.  I 've talked to my doctor numerous times about this side effect and she says you will feel hungry all the time but you just need to tell yourself not to eat.  The weight gain has made me depressed and self conscious, beginning to think this pill is not worth taking.  Other than that, it has helped my periods and I haven 't gotten pregnant so that 's a plus.
I was prescribed seroquel 100mg for Post Traumatic Stress Disorder and I could only take it for two days.  I took it as prescribed before bedtime. I almost crashed my truck several times on my way to work and I had to pull over on the shoulder to sleep on my way home from work. Day 2 was a Saturday. I slept for 14.5 hours. I can 't function at all on this.
I am 25 have tried about 5 different types birth control pills. I was on Velivet for about 8 months. I know every one is different but for the last 3-4 months I was on it I was getting 2 full periods per month instead of 1/month. Another down fall was it completely shutdown my sex drive which is fine if you are single and looking to stay out of trouble. The pros of this pill are: kept my acne away and it kept my mood stable no crying or moodiness. Before this pill I was on Sryonx and it turned me into a crying machine. I am now switching to Reclipsen hopefully  it helps with reducing my periods to once a month. In conclusion it was not a good enough pill to make me want to stay on it.
I started taking Advair 50/500 about 2 years ago. I must say that I have noticed almost a complete turn around with my breathing problems which is wonderful. However, I am in the emergency room almost half of every month due to severe heartburn, gallbladder attacks, severe stomach, throat and esophagus pain. It is all due to the Advair. Have been on all the breathing medicines and Advair works the best. Just don 't know if I can keep dealing with all these side effects.
I was on this pill for two years. I thought everything was going well on this pill, until I started getting worse and worse acne. It slowly crept up on me. I was wondering all the time what was wrong with my skin. I 'm 23 years old and my acne is the worst it 's been my whole life. I had beautiful skin as a teen and up until around two years ago. It took me awhile to connect the dots. I also noticed that I started to get facial hair. It didn 't happen immediately, but was very gradual. In the second year, I noticed one day that I had increased, noticeable facial hair. I freaked out, as I didn 't have hair on my upper lip before. Sure enough, it 's one of side effects. Now I 'm on Beyaz, so far so good. I 'm hoping it will clear up my acne!
My doctor prescribed me this birth control to help with the pain of endometriosis as  mine was getting to be very painful. The first couple months were rough, nausea, vomiting, terrible mood swings to the point of crying at commercials! I stuck with it though and eventually levelled out. It really helped with my periods and the pain to the point that I went from calling off work for periods to barely noticing them! They lasted 4 days and were not heavy or terribly crampy. BUTTTT..... I have been on it for about 2 years and now I am getting side effects again in the form of terrible head aches every day, zero sex drive and terrible cramps during and in between periods. Also my periods have gotten heavy again so I am going off it.
I 've been on the Depo shot for 6 Months. I had 3 shots so Far%u2026 the first shot was great Ive had no periods at all when I got my second shot. About 4 weeks after I started bleeding almost everyday but once I got my third shot it had stopped, I am not having any problems so far. But I Am constantly losing weight like when I started the shot I was 129lbs, I am now 114lbs how is this happening? I eat all the time.
My father is taking this medicine for Cellulitis. Just started it today. Don 't know yet how well it will work as he is a Diabetic.  But it is expensive. 
I noticed right away that after I took Clindamycin that I had a bad taste in my mouth and tightening in my chest, which increased in intensity and longevity each day of taking it. After 5 days my chest hurt so bad I almost went to the ER. It felt like a ton of bricks on my chest, but I was breathing normally.
This medication may be good if all you 're dealing with is depression. If you add in chronic pain and anxiety this medication will make you believe for a week or two that you are feeling better then because of the chronic pain and anxiety there will be a low slump with overwhelming feelings of depression, fatigue and wanting to isolate oneself from everything.
This birth control was not that good. It made me get severe migraines and the periods were too light. Cramps were horrible.
I 'm going on my third week of taking Contrave. The first week, I had instances of diarrhea. The second week, extreme nausea and diarrhea--I had to leave work within an hour. I 've also been using their Scale Down program, according to their scale, I 've lost 16lbs. however, the physician scale at my job indicates I 've only lost 1lb.
I 'm a mother of a patient and I 'm researching the effects of the use of the drug methadone as my daughter is getting the highest dosage allowed at the clinic on upscale area of Southwest Ohio. I drive a semi truck to support us. This drug seems to be making our relationship worse than I thought would be possible. I 'm seeing an overall moody irritable overreacting person who doesn 't want to make time for me when I get back from driving over the road for weeks at a time. My job affords us the most expensive place we have ever lived. A nice car and plenty of food for both of us. I pray my daughter can be set free from the cycles of use and abuse of anything, but I don 't think this medicine is the answer. Severe constipation throws a lot of toxins into the body.
I 've been on lolo for 8 months now. It 's finally time I give my review. The first 3 months I had very light periods then after I just didn 't have any periods. As we speak my breasts started to be tender. This is the first time in 8 months. Also I get yeast infection like every month. I am super dry down there even with foreplay. My sex drive is gone through the window. I do not have anymore mood swings so that 's a plus. I 'm taking an appointment to change my bc. I tried jasmin, alesse, IUD copper, marvelon, the patch. So yeah I 've been around and tried them all. Maybe it just wasn 't for me.
I 'm 16, I was on the Depo shot for 8 months but had crazy bleeding, switched to Loestrin. First 3 months were great, minimal bleeding/no periods. This is my 5th month and I 'm finally having periods (not complaining, takes the scare out of thinking I 'm pregnant). I started to have horrible cramps and I get super bloated about a week before I start. For the past week I 've been on verge of crying every 5 minutes. I have CRAZY mood swings. And I 've been slightly depressed. I can 't handle it anymore and I 'm going to switch. 
Celebrex is great for pain, ten out of ten - but for me, it has unwanted side effects, such as stomach bloat and hair loss. I was on it for 3 years, and came off of it, and now I am back on it because of the pain.  But, I am going to try some other osteoarthritis medicines, and hope for less side effects. I 'm female and the side effects of Celebrex are terrible.
I took Cymbalta for fibromyalgia for about 2 years. I started on 30mg a day and it slowly stopped being effective so I then was boosted to 60mg a day. By the end of the two years I was taking 90mg a day and it was no longer working. I was devastated that it stopped working because when it did work it was great.
I had fibroids &amp; ovarian cysts and the doctor said the only way to prevent painful periods was to go on the pill I was horrified. I had been on the pill for 10 yrs previously and 3 years clean. In those 3 years I finally felt free.Junel seemed okay at first, no side effects. But now I am on my 10th month and slowly figuring out that maybe this has to do with my 10lb weight gain since I started taking it. I cry easily and am way sensitive. Not sure if its the pill or weight gain but I have absolutely no sex drive. 
Side effects like extreme fatigue and shortness of breath limited my dosage which limited the drug 's effectiveness at pain relief.
I 've had this birth control for 2 years now and want it out so bad!  I 'm super moody and my sex drive has gone way down.  My boyfriend for 5 years has noticed me not really into it anymore.  I got the Implanon when I was 17 and now I 'm almost 20.  I was very active so my doctor told me to not worry about a period it shouldn 't come back until I get it out. Wrong! I have been bleeding since the day I got it in. I will get a few months with no period, then maybe spotting for like 4 days. Sometimes I 'll bleed for one day. The worst is the long heavy periods. Every 2-3 months I 'll get a period for about 20-25 days. Right now I 'm bleeding and it 's my 22 day of non stop.  It works for not getting you pregnant though.
My 6 yo was on Abilify for two months.  His temper tantrums and ability to concentrate were greatly improved, however, the gained 20 pounds and the doctor took him off it.  He was also very weepy and emotional on it.
I am towards the end of my third month on Lo Loestrin Fe and I 'm wearing a pad for spotting half the month still. It tends to start the second week of pills in the pack and last about a week, then it goes away and comes back about 4 days before the white pills.  I 'm not really sure when the spotting stops and the period begins.  The bleeding is mostly brownish.  I have gained close to 15 pounds in the last three months, which is depressing, and I seem to be more moody than I used to be.  I was hoping that the breakthrough bleeding would have decreased by now, but I have been keeping track on a calendar and it has not.  One good thing is that I do not have the weekly migraines that I had on my old birth control (Yaz).
I experience dizziness and poor concentration after each dose.
Horrible side effects.
I give this a 5 because it does prevent pregnancy, yet so did my pill. Switched because I wanted something I didn 't have to remember to take. Been on this for a year now the first 5 months were alright. But the last 7 months I 've noticed my period is heavy and gets me light headed. I have more migraines which I never experienced before Implanon. Sex drive is way down, bad mood swings, and constantly tired. Before Implanon I was extremely healthy, now I feel like crap almost every day. Getting removed once insurance starts up.
Was prescribed nexium for gastritis and did not relieve symptoms. Went twice to ER had abdo xrays, blood tests, heart monitoring all came back normal. Put on pantoprazole and gp advised could stop after a month. Nearly a week off this and feel worse than ever with return of symptoms. Looks like have to recommence pantoprazole and have a GI consult. So over the discomfort and constant nausea
I started taking 100mg of macrobid twice a day on Wednesday evening. It is now Tuesday, I have two pills left. One for this morning and one for tonight. I can 't wait to be off this medication. My uti symptoms were gone between day one and two but I was told to take all the medication even if it gets better. I take this medication at 8am and 8pm. From about 4pm-6pm I am extremely nauseous, it 's horrible. Then I also wake up off and on from 4-6am because of nausea. I always take the pill with a meal so I don 't know why I 'm still experiencing the nausea. That 's the only bad side effect I have experienced so far. Can 't wait to be done with this medication!
So this is my first week on any kind of birth control. I 'm experiencing a very heavy and painful period, very low mood and depression, and lots of crying and weeping. I didn 't think it would affect me so quickly. I 'm not sure whether to ride it out for a month or just stop or switch. I really can 't afford to be this out of it, given how demanding my work is. If you 've had a similar experience let me know!
I have always found cephalexin to clear up my diabetic toe infections but they always recur usually days after I get done taking it.
Easy to take, no side effects, but did not relieve pain and discomfort as well as expected.  Did not seem to be any more effective than Advil Liqui-Gels, which have been taken for the pain condition for several months.
Took it for hormonal acne at many different doses.Worked well in the beginning, but my dermatologist had to keep increasing my dose.  I finally maxed out at 200mg a day, and results weren 't optimal.  I finally took accutane. The bad: as my dose increased, I gained weight.  It took almost 18 months to lose the 10lbs I gained. I 'm a very athletic and active person, too.Do I recommend it? debatable
I suffer from depression, back pain and anxiety that has been gradually getting worse.  I started taking nortriptyline and noticed a number of changes within 24 hours. I finally slept through the night.  My back pain dramatically improved and my anxiety lessened.  Sounds amazing right?  Well yes, but I was also crying all the time and felt even more depressed.  I also began having bad thoughts about hurting myself.  I have had bad thoughts in the past, but always had control of them.  These felt very different, I had no control of them.  For some people this medicine is a miracle, but if you start to have thoughts that don%u2019t feel right when you start taking this medication, go to your doctor immediately.
I started Contrave 5 days (11/13/2017) ago. I have ZERO side effects... yesterday I went to &quot;all  you can eat buffet&quot; and did not look away from food.... I am not sure, if I eat less.... I do not think so. I will keep taking it for a while and we will see. I will give an update in a month or so...
I just started using this BC, and it has been horrible. I was told to just push through it &amp; that the pain would go away after the first full month. I constantly have cramps (as if I 'm starting my period) and nauseous every other day. I 'm also starting to develop headaches frequently but not sure if that 's directly correlated.
This is not the first time I have been on this medicine for recurrent sinus infections, I don 't like it but it always seems to work. I am taking 2 500mg once per day. The disgusting taste in my mouth generally starts around day 2, and headaches around day 3. I can 't sleep when I am taking it, but so far no other issues, I will be glad to stop taking it, 4 more days to go.
I got the implanon in 2013 I believe and my experience has been pretty confusing. I mean it works, you won 't get pregnant but I 've had my arm go numb and burn from having it. I don 't have a period anymore which I 'm not complaining but I still get the cramps and they are worse than they used to be. I 've gained a lot of weight and considering I have bipolar disorder my moods did change but they have gotten worse since I 've been on the implanon but other than all the complaints I have it works the way it is supposed to
It did empty my colon but very expensive.
I 've been on Xulane on and off as my postpartum method of birth control. I don 't experience bloating, weight gain, rashes or nausea which is good. However, I noticed that after wearing a patch for 3 days to a week, I start to get yeast infection symptoms. I 've gotten about three yeast infections while using Xulane. It works, I just wish it wouldn 't give me an uncomfortable infection. I used to use the Orthro Evra patch which is 20x better and by far the best patch in my opinion.
I had stopped using Byetta but my A1C is high so I will try it again. I am optimistic because I know from experience that Byetta works. I used it for six months but often had to throw up so - my quality of life was not good. I did lose 10 pounds and my blood sugar was great. Maybe the 5mg dose is the answer.
Only good thing about this birth control is that not having to remembering to take it. Cons about this birth control weight gain, two to three week periods that are very light, horrible mood swings, memory loss, horrible back pain.Honestly wish I never got on it, try something else it 's not worth the headache..
This is the first birth control pill I 've been on and I started taking it the same time as Lexapro (anti-anxiety).  I conquered all of my anxiety problems and stopped taking it, however I have gained 10 lbs since April and my acne has been horrible. I 've read a lot of reviews about Lutera and have noticed the same things. I dont have cramps or bleed near as bad, however the day before I start my period and the day after the last sugar pill I 'm an absolute nightmare. Has anyone else had this problem? I 'm looking for a different pill. I 'm asking my doctor about it as soon as I get home.
This pill was great for the first year, I lost weight, had no side effects and light periods. I then started having TERRIBLE problems with my stomach, similar to IBS-D. I have since done a lot of reading and found that many women have had this experience with Yasmin. I am switching to the vaginal ring this week and hope that my stomach problems will go away somewhat. I also have started suffering from migraines before and during my period break which I never had before.
I 've been battling depression for years now. I am now 42. About 10 years ago, I tried Wellbutrin xl 150mg once a day. It 's the only antidepressant I 've ever tried and it worked wonders!  I wasn 't sad anymore, I lost weight and I was happy. Then a few years later, it was changed to generic and life wasn 't the same. I was sad all the time, gained weight, basically depressed. Flash forward to a few months ago. Found the Wellbutrin site that 's assists with getting the name brand drug for $50 a month. I have now been on Wellbutrin xl 300mg once a day for three months now. I still don 't feel as sad or down. Life is definitely looking up more often than not but I have not lost any weight this time, which in turn makes me depressed. I will continue
I have BPD, anxiety disorder, and agoraphobia.  This medicine didn 't do much for me.  I got all of the side effects but none of the relief.  I am only giving it a mid-line rating because I can 't seem to tell if the medicine didn 't help or if I am just more depressed/stressed lately.
I started taking samples of 150mg Avapro and have been using for 4 weeks now.  With medication my blood pressure runs 135/78 which is okay for 72 year old.  I am now having knee and one hip pain and have noticed I am much more tired than usual. I am going to try some relaxation, slow breathing exercises and will see if I can come off the Avapro. 
I was placed on the generic of Prozac 6 weeks ago. I have social anxiety (always have) and my doctor told me that it was related to an OCD/depression and could possibly be PTSD. All of this confused me but made sense at the same time because I have always suspected all of these. She told me prozac would greatly help with my anxiety problems. Since being on prozac the only changes I have really noticed are extreme fatigue during the day, lessened appetite (which is good because I have been overeating for a while), and I feel like it has helped my relationship a bit. I don 't seem to get as agitated as fast (but i have bad days sometimes).  I do however feel like I zone out a lot now and forget what I 'm saying sometimes.
Hi All, Is there anyone else who has experienced a huge increase in cost for DHE mesylate (injectable vial)? I have injected with DHE 45 and now DHE mesylate for 17 yrs since my brain aneurysm rupture and clipping. As of Jan 2015 United Health Insurance along with Optum RX have raised my cost from $25 for a 90 day supply to $1500 to $1700 and this is my cost. Unable to afford this medication any longer I am left helpless. thanks for any input regarding similar price hikes.
Got a bad taste in theoat about 15 minutes after putting in. Lasted about 10 minutes.,it helps to suck on hard candy to keep taste at bay. I think it 's working pretty good so far. I had a small growth on my eye from chronic dry eye (inflamation) this made it smaller dramatically.
I have been taking singulair for almost a year now or more. I usually don 't dream , so I haven 't noticed any unusual nightmares. Seriously , I can 't tell if my anxiety is because of singulair or not . I am anxious by nature and this semester is really stressful and can drive anyone crazy ! I usually think about life , death , why we are here? and this kind of stuff . . DOES THIS HAVE ANYTHING TO DO WITH SINGULAIR ? I really want to find an answer for that .I recommend singulair when you don 't have any other choice , but if you have one then absolutely choose it. Sing. is bad but effective.
I took Gabapentin for sciatica pain. I told my sister who is a nurse and she said to try and wean off as soon as I could. So I did since the sciatica was relieved by the spinal fusion on L4-S1 I had. I just had surgery on my thoracic spine for an arachanoid cyst. The hospital overdosed me on dilaudid and put me in ICU with NO pain medication for 2 days. I was in horrific pain. I felt like my shoulder muscles were tearing everytime I had to turn. My internist gave me Gabapentin 300mg in the morning/100 mg at night. I was just laid off so I thought I would go through the mail-in pharmacy to get my meds for 3 months. OMG, I just tried the 300 mg from the mfg, Activis and I am extremely shaky/jerky/anxious and slept all day.
I&rsquo;m a 19 year old athletic kid, and when I was prescribed this 3 years ago it did wonders. It was my junior year of high school and I was prescribed 10mg twice a day, once in the morning and once at lunch, with an optional one in the afternoon if I had a lot of homework or studying. My grades were much better and it didn&rsquo;t have any side effects. Now, 3 years later I have a bad tolerance and I had to up my dosage to 20mg three times a day. I now take it to even make it to class and if I don&rsquo;t take it I can barely stay awake. Like many people said it makes you feel extremely sluggish like a zombie, and it&rsquo;s an absolutely awful feeling. I lose emotions, have mood swings and even my sex drive with my girlfriend is completely destroyed.
I was prescribed Levaquin following a week of taking Cipro.  The Levaquin has caused serious and chronic diarrhea that continues even being off the medication for over 2 weeks.
I 've been taking Atenolol 25mg for about 3 years. I used to get very bad migraines at least 3 times a month but since taking atenolol my migraines have all but gone, my blood pressure has come down. I do however have strange dreams and have slowly gained weight over the years.
I am currently experiencing negative side effects which include headaches, dizziness, sneezing, runny nose, lips tingling, joint and muscle pain.  I did not experience these symptons while I was taking Benicar HCT and Amlodipine.
I am a adult, recently diagnosed with ADD.  Probably had it my whole life, but now I am doing something about it.  My doctor prescribed this medication, and at first, I was so focused and improving my error ratio 's at work.  The only thing even after increasing my dose, it wears off.  By 1:00pm, I am tired and can go to sleep.  I think I am going to ask my doctor to give me the non extended so I can take it in the am, and pm.  Other than that, it is a great medicine, and I don 't have the non-appetite side effect, in fact, it makes me want to eat more.
For the amount of calmness I got from this drug, I was still physically alert and able. That 's more than can say for most antipsychotics. It helped me sleep, and the following day my anxieties were lessened. I also found weird glimmers of hope in things, that had to be my depression lifting. It 's a miracle to me.However, I gained 20 pounds in one month, and the doctor saw that as a reason to get me off the drug. Food had this crazy magnetism about it; it quickly became the most valuable thing on the planet, and I was having cravings for food unlike anything I 've ever craved.If you can take the drug without binge eating, congratulations, because it works. Still, most people on this are overweight.
I 've had my Mirena for a year and 8 months. I 'm a 40 yr old with 2 children. Yes it is very effective for birth control, BUT I have had unexpected weight gain of 40-50 pounds! I am so depressed because of it, because the only difference in my life is the Mirena. I also wake up with low back pain occasionally, and I did have spotting for several months the first year pretty much every week for many months. I cannot explain this weight gain, I am ready for removal. Also I have developed Bacterial Vaginosis at Least once from the Mirena. And I was not sexually active at the time and I 'm in a monogomus relationship, so yeah..it sucks...
I got shingles on my scalp left side forehead and eye.  I was in hospital for 5 days on an IV for both antivirus and antibiotics.  The doctor had said that it was the worse shingles he had seen. After the scabs had gone I was Prescribed lyrica.   I take 300mg at night and 25mg in the morning.  It has been 5 weeks since I developed shingles and my face and scalp are still numb.  I have intermittent pain shocks.  I believe the lyrica is effective as I can 't imagine what it would be like if I didn 't take it.  I 'm not sure how long I am suppose to take this but I imagine by other feedbacks that it could be months.
My husband took the sovaldi / ribavirin combination. He is free of hepatitis C now but is having major side effects still. My husband feels worse now then before treatment. He has severe bone and joint pain throughout his body. He has itchy rashy skin, 30  lb weight gain, his thyroid is messed up and now having to take medication for it, chronic fatigue and has to nap daily. He has severe depression, difficulty dealing with people, explosive personality, difficulty concentrating, and more. He is unable to work due to the pain, inability to fill out paperwork or anything due to concentration issues. He has lost interest in things he loved to do. He naps several hours a day. We have been to different doctors with no one able to help...
I had the Nexplanon inserted 6 weeks after having my son, while I was still moderately bleeding from giving birth. I have not stopped bleeding for 11 weeks now. It 's frustrating but I keep hoping that when it finally stops it will be regular again. I was on the depo for 2 years and it did the same thing. 2 months of bleeding and then no period for the remainder of the time I used it. Definitely going to talk to Doc about it at my appt next week.
My blood glucose was under control with readings around 100. I was taking long acting insulin twice  a day and short acting 3 times a day. My doc insisted I switch to tresiba (50u). My appetite has increased, especially craving for carbs. My fasting morning  blood glucose is often over 200
When my calf swelled up hard, felt like a golfball was in it. I waited a week for the swelling to subside thinking it was a strain. Since it didn 't subside I saw my doc who had me get the ultrasound and the dvt was confirmed. I was put on xarelto 30mg a day for 21days. In 3 days, the swelling was gone but I continued the med per drs presciption.  After 15 days on the med, I started experiencing Tinnitus that sounds like a dentist drill. After 30 days on the med I now have a non stop migraine and 24x7 tinnitus. I stopped the drug for 48hours and the symptoms subsided. IMHO the drug works great till the DVT is cleared, but then it starts doing more harm than good. I think the drug co knows this, but wants the $$$$ sales.
I got this birthcontrol twice, and let me tell you... SWITCH YOUR BIRTHCONTROL AFTER THE FIRST TIME. First time was in 2012-2015; first time experience was great, no period, no cramps, weight gain or weird pains, I couldn 't even feel it. I developed horrible acne but I got it under control and I got crazy of-the-wall mood swings that I didn 't realize I developed. 100% effective with me, times where I should have gotten pregnant it never happened not even a scare. Second time has been absolutely horrible. Mood swings went crazy, I got depression and anger issues. irregular periods that would come and go when ever it pleased shortest one lasted about a week and a half. Needless to say I got it removed not even a yr into it.
I noticed that I had no appetite at all while taking Effexor.
I 've been taking this birth control to help with ovarian cysts. It has helped , but I 'm am experiencing bad stomach issues; such as nausea, stomach pain, and throwing up! Does it ever end??? Ugh 
My 2nd night with Xyrem was last night. I was not expecting an overnight miracle, but I was thinking it would have been different. No side effects. Tired, but hopeful for these next couple weeks.
Consider something you like. Say, a favorite breakfast food or a place to go with friends. Now think about something you care nothing about, say, the painted lines on a road or the bottom of your kitchen table. Imagine that everything you like, instead of being something nice you enjoy, becomes as unimportant to you as the bottom of your table. Work. Favorite nephew. Friday night. Now you feel nothing either good or bad. That 's depo provera. Yeah you won 't get pregnant but that 's because you won 't care about sex or your mate or anything. Most awful 12 weeks ever. Good news though, you won 't care about your three month period either. Or the enormous blood clots. Or the long term damage like bone density loss and anemia.
I kinda like this medication, im 15, female, have mild acne, i dont have a lot but its in many areas. Chest, Back, face. its summer and its not that bad but its noticable, i have been taking this for almost a month and no results at all, i just gained acne on my shoulders. i am a dancer so i dont know if that effects it. oh well it has some what helped my face but idk :(
Ive had a chesty cough for 7 weeks, following a total hysterectomy my Hilar lymph node is enlarged in my right lung and Im exhausted from coughing. I was diagnosed with ovarian cancer and am waiting to start chemotherapy, which is being delayed due to my infection. I have had amoxicillin 500mg and Doxycycline 500mg, neither did anything. I 'm now on 2 x 500mg Clarithromycin, I have had 5 tablets so far and have 9 to take. Within a few hours of taking this medicine, the heat in my throat and ears was tremendous, it felt like the drugs were fighting the infection. The vile metallic taste started by 3rd tablet, its worse than the taste I had during my chemotherapy for breast cancer. It won 't seem to go, immense thirst and headaches too!!
I have CRPS in my left foot. I have a spinal cord stimulator (paddle leads). I have been on pain meds since 7/2013 after an accident. Meds tried through prescription from pain mgmt. Norco, Percocet, Oxycontin, Morphine ER, Butrans and more. Nucynta was prescribed April, 2015. I took it for 1 week. I am a very positive person who is always seeing the good in any situation. Nucynta made me depressed, moody, not wanting to get out of bed, quiet and overall someone I do not want to be. It did aid in my pain control, but I cannot be that person is made me. After being off of it for 2 days, I am back to being my positive self.Would I recommend it? I don 't think so.
I 've been on Accutane for 10 months on the higher dosage at 80mg. I 've now had to wait two months to get an appointment with my dermotolagist and during these two months my acne is slowly, but surely coming back.
Invega has helped me greatly, but the side effects were pretty harsh.
Further course of the medication needed as infection did not clear up first time around. I experienced no side effects at all.
In Sept 2006 I was in a bus accident had been in such pain nothing was working, my blood pressure would sky rocket do to the pain, nothing was helping until I got the Dilaudid IV in the hospital, I also have to take zofran for nausea. I had overgone 5 back surgeries in 10 years. I never needed pain medication until the bus accident.They tried tordol, morphine, percocet, but nothing helped. I was on a high dosage of Dilaudid for 3 years until my screws were removed in 11-2013. I have been going off dilaudid for 3 yrs now. I take 3.  4 mg tabs a day it takes almost 1 hour to work, but it only helps the pain for about 3-4 hours. This should only be used when nothing else will. I am so thankful.
This is my second time on Ortho Lo and I have to say I am unimpressed again. I gave it a 5 as it does protect from pregnancy well, but that 's it. This pill makes me feel crazy, have racing anxious thoughts, worrying about lots of things including death, like crying or punching someone in the face, and very tired. My face breaks out painfully. My breasts are so sore I can barely move. My periods are heavier and more painful. Also, my hair is thinner and comes out in clumps. To whoever wrote they had that happen and heard going off it makes it worse: go off it! I was on this for a year, and when I went off it, my hair grew back in and the thinning spots went away. Coming back on it, I already feel my hair thinning.
I was put on this birth control to prevent ovarian cysts, as my last one wasn 't effective resulting in my ovary twisting. In the beginning I felt the same but suddenly began having extreme nausea. Ive been nauseous for about 4 days and it just has not let up. The pill also has been affecting my appetite immensely resulting in weight loss, which I 'm not complaining about. So far I 've had no issues with ovarian cysts, but it is early.
Everybody 's personal experience is different. For me this was the most horrible pain I have ever felt in my entire life. I almost threw up as soon as they clamped my cervix. And I had to lay at the doctor 's office for an 60 extra minutes. They could not give me pain medicine. And I also felt like I was going to soil myself and they had to bring in the ultrasound to make sure  nothing has gone wrong. Since then I 've had horrible mood swings and a weird period that has pretty much lasted for three months and have gained about 15 pounds. I am probably going to get it removed but do not want to go through the pain and still have not done it yet.
I feel &quot;checked out&quot;. I 'm on week 3 and just can 't get over the feeling of staring into space. Asking for new Med today.
This birth control I do like but it 's not made for the weak. I 've been bleeding since the SECOND week of having it, I got it in September it 's now almost December. My obgyn prescribed birth control pills which she said I can only use for a MONTH! The cravings are crazy &amp; I 'm also so much meaner than I was before. I 've gained weight, which is a plus for me but may not be for someone else. I now get acne that I didn 't get before and my breast are always tender (they 've grown but they HURT) I feel the rod release the hormone too, which is painful but other than all that it is effective and unlike depo, I 'm not as weak and tired anymore &amp; my headaches aren 't as strong and my bones don 't ache nor does my joints anymore.
I have anxiety disorders and depression and have been suffering with it for years. When I first started taking this at 25mg the first week I felt sick but that subsided as my body go used to it. Then it was upped to 50 mg and it helped me function better but it changed the way I dream. Doctor still wanted more results so I went up to 100 mg. Ever since then my anxiety and depression have worsened dramatically and it 's like going back to a really bad day with no meds, but every day. I 'm most likely going to be taken off of these.TLDR: this med helped me at a certain dosage but at a higher one caused more anxiety and depression. This could definitely work for someone if they found the right dosage
Just started taking gabapentin.  Nervous about taking it .  Have been taking it for one week.  Currently taking 100 mg 2 x daily. Not sure if it is working.  Reassured by positive feedback on this site but part of my problem is fear about taking pills.   How long before you start to feel comfortable with this med?
I took this as directed for about 3 mos., and it was ineffective. I was still constipated. I stopped using it.  Then I used it every 3 days when I needed to go, and it helped. Now I am taking it as directed and it seems to be working this time. So, inconsistent results. Stool is still hard and somewhat difficult to pass. Slight uncomfortable feeling when I am nearing having a bowel motion.  Some nausea.
I took it at 9pm.  It 's 6 am now and I 'm very disoriented. My stomach is upset. I did sleep through the night but because of how I 'm feeling now, I 'm done with it.
I had the Nexplanon for 11 months and got the thing removed today! It worked great for its purpose but honestly I couldn 't wait to get it out. My cycle became so sporadic. Sometimes lasting for 2 weeks then it goes away for a week and then comes back. At times I wouldn 't see it for almost two months and then bam for a few days and then it went away again. My period has always been every 21 days and last for 3 to 4 days.The joint pain was one of the more painful things. I got migraines about 3 or 4 times a week and fever blisters regularly (a few a month). Not to mention I couldn 't lose weight. I 'm super elated right now that I got it removed today. Everyone is different but I wouldn 't tell anyone to get it.
Excellent medicine at treating hot flashes, vaginal dryness and night sweats but I had a significant weight gain (12 ponds in three months). In addition I had infrequent bowel movements, larger breasts, bloating and painful though predictive periods.
I been on this med for 3 weeks, and feel much better but in constant fear of weight gain .
I started taking this drug last Tuesday for a possible Gastrointestinal bacterial infection. When I started taking it, I was suffering from diarrhea which then became bloody diarrhea Once I started taking the medication, the bloody diarrhea stopped but I continue to have loose movements, nausea and sporatic bouts of diarrhea. One of the things I can 't stand about this drug is the sharp, overwhelming metallic taste. This medication should be coated to make taking it easier.
I would recommend always using the Extended Relief formula. It causes less side effects. Also be careful and monitor your blood pressure.
For the first week I was in excruciating pain: nausea, severe abdominal pain, diarrhea, sweating, insomnia, confusion, extreme exhaustion and fatigue, battery acid taste in my mouth, etc. I reached out to my doctor and pharmacist who offered absolutely no help. Through research I found that taking probiotics/yogurt helps with EVERYTHING, stay as hydradated as you can. I ate a lot of Ramen noodles to compensate for actual food/water since my appetite was non-existant. I didn 't think I was going to be able to finish the treatment. If I test positive again, I 'm going with natural remedies.
Been on this for 3 weeka and sugars great now. Has side effects of tiredness, increased pulse and severe heartburn but all gone now. Lost 5kg first week but nothing since then. Absolutely gutted
I am a 65 yr old, female in excellent health except that I have ankle &amp; knee pain . On vacation I, daily, took 500mg Naproxen for 3 weeks due to a mis-step and slight fall. Upon return home, 1 month later I am having extreme hair loss.
I switched to this pill because I was on Sprintec before. It caused weight gain, and I developed several cysts on my breasts after 2 months of taking it. I rate Loestrin 24 Fe average. The Pros for ME: My period comes for only a day or not even at all. Cleared up all the acne on my back and chest, still break out on my face, but that 's normal for me. Cons: Reshaped my whole body, my butt/legs grew even bigger which are my problem areas. I gained 30lbs with Sprintec in a span of 6 months, but I took 20lbs of it off in a whole semester. On Loestrin, I 'm trying to lose the other 10, and I cannot lose weight (and plus I 've gained 5 back). I 'm constantly hungry all the time. I 'm going to the gyno next week and switching birth controls after using for a year.
I got the nexplanon implanted on December 1st 2016. I have had non stop bleeding, when I got it I as 102 now I am 124, I have very bad mood swings, and I 'm constantly tired. For the past month or so my stomach has been non stop hurting and causing me to puke. I got on this because my mom insisted I get on birth control and I saw that my cousin had it and it worked for her. She ended up having to get it removed because it moved around too much and hurt. I couldn 't do the pill because it made my stomach hurt and I don 't like shots. It is now July 5th and I want to get this thing removed. I talked to my doctor about two months ago about this and he said just give it a couple more months. Needless to say I am getting this removed. Do not recomd
Take 15 dosage, pain much better. Stomach pain from constipation very bad. 
Side effects of injection include very sore arm effectively rendered useless.  Muscle aches and joint pain without relief would not allow me to sleep.  Fatigue and back pain plus headache contributed to an overall miserable night and day.  I don 't know how long this will continue, it has been 36 hours.  This vaccine requires at least two days off work and should be accompanied by a good narcotic.
I used this for about 7-8 months straight before it ran out. I used it once a day on my entire face, since most of my face has acne. It helped prevent breakouts and reduced pimples, but it never actually cleared up my whole face. Now that it 's gone I 'm going to go find a medication that will actually clear up everything.
Drug was great for one year.  Today afib pops up much more frequently
I have been on this birth control for two weeks. I had a Mirena IUD for 3 years, and I had it removed because I had low sex drive, pain from ovarian cysts, and I was getting frequent migraines. I was switched to Seasonique generic, Ashlyna, but it made me very nauseous and VERY hungry. I gained about 6 pounds in the first week. Since then, I was switched to Gildess and I am back down 6 pounds and feeling better. The only thing I noticed is that I did develop a large boil on my chin for the first few days, and I am unusually tired. I have spotted for about 10 days, and my breasts are a little sore maybe swollen. I have to be on birth control because I have severe endometriosis that has been removed twice. Anyone have a similar experience?
I recently got the Liletta inserted (June 2016). I have been feeling very bloated lately and after I eat I still feel hungry. I have been an emotional rollercoaster (I control my emotions very well, I calm myself down and usually am a very self uplifting person), so something is definitely wrong! I have light cramping everyday and breast tenderness here and there just like acne. You know your own body and you know when something is wrong. I don 't know if it 's because I recently had a baby (April), maybe its the IUD and recently giving birth and my body trying to adjust? I don 't know, all I know is that this SUCKS!!!I had the Mirena before and didn 't have as much problems as this one and its supposedly the same thing just a generic brand.
Effexor XR worked great at treating my Postpartum Depression - within 6 weeks of taking it, it was gone.  I did have a lot of problems eating on this, though, which was the reason I stopped taking it.
I was given Phentermine yesterday and today is my first day taking it. I tried Belvic but got no results. I do try to eat healthy making my own meals and avoiding junk food. I am 306lbs and 5 '10. I work out 3-5 times a week for at minimum an hour. Since I started working out I 've been gaining weight not losing. I am going to increase my cardio. Its hard for me to increase my cardio due to a hernatied disc that I have had for a long time but I believe losing weight will help me with that as well.
I have just started Quetiapine (Seroquel) going form 25mg to 75mg now. I was previously using lithium and have gradually reduced it to 250mg, now I do not take it and have replaced with seroquel. I am concerned about the side effects at higher doses and I would like to know if anyone has gone from using lithium to seroquel as a modd stabilsier. I am doing this as I am trying to get pregnant and my doctor has told me that seroquel is a good substitute up to the 2nd trimester of a pregnancy where I would re-introduce lithium.
I have had 2 other colonoscopies using other preps. By far, SUPREP has been the most thorough, but also the most difficult for me to ingest. I am not easily nauseated, so that was not a problem. But, I can see why someone could become quite queasy because of the taste. It has an overpowering cherry taste. I 'm hoping that the next time I need to take it they will have a lesser cherry taste or, better yet, a completely different flavor...again, not so strong.
The first time I took this three years ago, I lost 20 pounds in four months, but as soon as I stopped my appetite skyrocketed and I gained it all back.   I went back just this year to try again and it has zero effect on my appetite, it is like I am taking sugar pills. I  seriously asked them if they were giving me sugar pills.  They tried the &quot;zine&quot; one on me too, phentermazine or something and that was even worse.    I think for some people you have one shot with these to lose the weight.  After that they have no effect on your body.
Got nexplanon in April 2016. was fine for first 2 months but had my regular periods, didn 't think much from it because at least I didn 't have to remember to take a pill. The 3rd month came and got my period for 16 days.. and then continuously with 4-7 day breaks. Light periods no cramps (normal for me) but more frequent. I 'm in my 4th month now and on my 21st day of my period.. it was light for the first 16 days and now heavier. I get headaches and I am lethargic. called my doctor to get it taken out but the cant get me in until december...that 's 3 months away! Not knowing how much longer my period was gonna last (doesn 't feel like it 's stopping anytime soon) called again and had to beg for sooner appt. I go in in 2 weeks. Don 't recommend.
I 've only been on Sprintec for about a month, but I switched over from Loestrin 24 FE after being on that for a while. I had gained 10 pounds on Loestrin and I was having two periods a month. After switching to Sprintec, I stopped having two periods a month and I have no mood swings. The negative things about it is that now I have acne, when I used to never have it. I am also extremely bloated all the time, to the point where it actually looks like I 've gained 5-10 pounds. I don 't know if it 's water weight or if I 'm actually gaining that much weight. My eating habits are still the same and I work out 6 days a week, so it can 't be from my diet/exercise. Overall, it 's been okay, but I would love for the weight gain to disappear.
I started taking MS Contin 60mg this week. I was taking Methadone 120 mg a day for over 5 years.  I am having some trouble with the changeover, but after 3 days I am getting better.  I also take Oxycodone 15mg up to 4x a day for pain. My Doctor started me on 60 mg 2 x a day, then told me to double it. Still having some trouble with the withdrawals from Methadone but I hope this will work. So far it 's okay. I am being treated for chronic pain from a lamenectomy and spinal fusion without hardware (Failed Back Syndrome).
The first month of taking Loestrin 24 Fe I developed a horrible yeast infection and bladder infection. I called my doctor and she prescribed me medicine for that. She also stated that it probably wasn 't the birth control. So I decided I would try it for another couple of months to make sure. Again, on my second month of trying it, I got another yeast infection and slight bladder infection but used over the counter medicine to get rid of it this time. I 'm on my third month now and I feel a slight yeast infection starting to up come, but I 'm eating a lot of yogurt to stop the infection. Also, during the first and second month, I practically skipped my period. Only bled for one day or so and it was so light.
Have used other meds for depression, citalopram,sertraline....headaches and stuff. Mirtazapine, maybe because I take at night don 't have many bad symptoms apart from bad dreams. Anything for a better life..,,:)
I have only been taking this medicine for 3 days now but I am extremely sensitive to medication so I usually know quite quickly how it effects me. It makes me extremely drowsy and also makes the bottom half of my face feel slightly numb. I also feel like I am about to pass out frequently which is not great. I hope it evens out after a while. It was prescribed to me to take the place of Xanax and to help me sleep. I was prescribed 25mg to take 1-2 twice daily as needed. I have already cut it down to 1 once a day about an hour before I go to bed. It does help me sleep, but it makes it difficult to wake up in the morning. It also helps with my anxiety.
I was prescribed Bactrim DS 2x a day for 10 days to clear a urinary tract infection. I was having nausea, acid reflux and intestinal/digestive issues that felt like irritable bowel syndrome or Stomach Flu by the 3rd day. After the 5th day I decided to stop taking it and the infection is gone along with all side effects. I am glad I decided to stop taking it, it seems Bactrim DS 2x a day was a bit too much for me.
Been on oxy n morphs since early/mid 90 's had a couple back surgeries, got off them but pain always comes back, ran a couple days short this month, tried some clonodine n it seems to help w/some withdrawal but makes me dizzy, so b careful!!
I was initially prescribed what is commonly called Paxil. It worked to relieve my depression and anxiety but the sexual side effects were too much so I asked for a change.  I was prescribed Bupropion 150 mg extended.  My initial dose for 1 week was 150 mg 1x per day and then I was told I could increase to 2x a day or 300 mg.  When I went to the 300 mg dose I experienced side effects after a few weeks at this dose level. I experienced severe digestive issues, gas pain, severe constipation and nausea. I initially stopped taking the medicine but am going to give it another try at the 150mg dose.
Taking birth control pills had become a daily nuisance, my doctor had recommended Nexplanon, which seemed the perfect idea at the time. Nexplanon has many benefits: It prevents pregnancy, stops your period for a few months at a time, and is inserted in your body so you will not forget to take the pill. In my personal experience, Nexplanon had quickly became a downfall for me within a years time. I have had a great amount of hair loss, terrible and constant mood swings, (it 's made me a sadistic human being) weight gain, fatigue, and aches. During the first five months, my periods would come and go, it was an emotional rollercoaster to deal with this all on my own. I don 't suggest this for anyone. The mood swings are terrible.
The constipation issue became a new  job, also the medicine stopped working after a few months and the overactive bladder symptoms came back (leaks when sneezing, unexpected urgency, etc.)
My doctor, gave me a sample packet with the the 10,20 and 40 mg. for my anxiety and depression. Overall I like it, my anxiety has gone away and depression is lessen! I recommend you take it with a full stomach because  it can cause dizziness. I like the 20 mg better 40mg was to strong! But I did notice some side effects, a lot of unexplained bruising and hair loss, decided to stop it but the withdrawals are scary but do go away, overall does help with depression and anxiety! Only reason I stop was because of bruising and hair loss was bugging me.
I was placed on this medication after Enbrel, and it worked really well for the first couple of years.  My psoriasis never went away, but it did help it.  It greatly helped my arthritis, I was not able to get in and out of bed by myself, could barely get into a car, and was having difficulties dressing.  It was not immediate, but within 6 months, I was feeling &quot;almost&quot; normal.Then I started developing GI issues when I injected to the point that the acid reflux and pain was so difficult, I ended up in an ER.  After  4 years, the medication has stopped working, so my rheumatologist recommended switching. It was great while it worked, but now on to something that I hope worked as well as Humira did initally.
I initially took Cimzia as part of a clinical trial.  During the trial, we received a full dose (400 mg) every 2 weeks but, once it was available on the market, the dose was only 400 mg every 4 weeks (or 200 mg every 2 weeks).  The medicine wore off before the 4 weeks was up, so I switched to Humira, which worked much better.  Now that I 've had rare side effects to Humira (and already failed Remicade), I 've had to switch back to Cimzia.  It is only working for about a week and a half of the four weeks (at 400 mg).  I hope to find another alternative, as this isn 't worth it.
I 'm 26 years old and had severe acne at around 21. My dermatologist prescribed me Accutane for six months. At first my acne seemed to increase but then after a couple of months my face started to clear up. I had lots of side-effects. I had dry skin all over, including eyes, lips and nose. The use of Accutane affected my menstruation. Nowadays in fact I am getting spots and blemishes again due to my hormonal imbalance. I still have dry nose and I use petroleum jelly . Unfortunately I am getting lots of spots lately again after 5 years.
I am taking carbamazepine for seizures, but found that I was gaining a lot of weight (22 pounds in 2 months). After doing much search on the web I found an article where a doctor did research on 15 patients that had weight gain on carbamazepine and found that by taking the Acetazolamide the patients were able to lose the weight they had gained and maintained the weight lost.  Today is day 2 on the Acetazolamide and I am sick to my stomach, feeling a bit dizzy and withdrawn. I would love to lose the weight that many of you have mentioned, but not sure if I want to deal with the side effects to achieve this.
I was one of the first patients in the United States to take Benlysta in June 2011.  I had to slow the infusions down to three hours instead of one and half hours.  I experienced nausea and an mild sort of asphasia (a sort of muddled thinking) and a headache.  I was also tired after the infusions.  Each time I had an infusion (6 total) my temperature would rise about a degree and I felt discomfort in the abdominal/ bladder region.  The discomfort only occurred after the Benlysta infusions! Eventually it did turn out to be serious and this is why I 'm writing this review.  Though rare, the medicine lowered my immunity.
I have had 3 shoulder surgeries in 16 months. My pain medications have been changed several times. I also have had gastric bypass, so this medication upsets my stomach a lot. I am working with my doctor to change me to something that protects my pouch and liver.
Wellbutrin was without a doubt the most effect antidepressant I 've ever taken. Unfortunately, a month and a half into treatment on 150mg XL/day I started getting cystic acne. It was terrible and I knew it had to be the Wellbutrin so I looked online and noticed other people complaining about getting Acne as well. It was terrible, it only made my depression worse because I had this big cystic lumps on my face. A month after tapering off and taking antibiotics prescribed by my dermatologist it finally went away but I went back to being depressed.
Horrible! I took it before I went to be around 10 p.m. Bad cramps all night, even worse in the morning. Had diarrhea all day! I will never take this again.
I 'm pretty sensitive to antibiotics and this one really makes me feel sick and tired and now I have an itchy rash.  Have finished day 2 still 5 days of this to go.
I 'm 23 y/o, never been pregnant/given birth. Had Paragard for 3 years and I 'm so done with it. What 's the point of being on birth control if I can 't even have sex because I 'm bleeding all the time? I can rarely have sex with my boyfriend of 4.5 years&mdash;sometimes when I think I 'm done bleeding, we start having sex and then I start to bleed and it ruins the mood, so we stop. Before IUD, my periods lasted 5 days, now they last 7 days + I have HEAVY spotting almost the entire month. I 've also experienced EXTREMELY painful cramps throughout 3 years (&amp; I have a high pain tolerance) &amp; the cramps did NOT &quot;just last a couple weeks after getting it inserted&quot;&mdash;it happened for years. On the bright side, it requires no maintenance &amp; I never got pregnant.
The Klonopin helped my anxiety very much, probably to a level of 8 or 9 out of ten.  However, after a few years, trying to taper off of it is proving to be a living nightmare and I am experiencing Benzo Withdrawal Syndrome.  It 's absolutely awful and I can see why some people are never able to stop taking it,
Oh my lord this stuff burns like hell. This is my first treatment I 'm hoping by reading all these it actually does work. I felt relef for the first half hour then it came on really freaking itchy!!
I had the side effects listed. The doctor said it was serum sickness. However the medicine did not keep the platelets up for long. My last comment is the medicine is quite costly. 
I was prescribed this pill to ease the symptoms of advanced endometriosis. At 42, this is my first time on a birth control pill. The first 8 weeks were difficult, with nearly daily nausea and mood swings (never had those before). A size 2 all my life, I gained 9 lbs in the first 3 weeks of taking the pill. In my third month now, the side effects seem to have stabilized although I still get an occasional breakout, nausea and spotting. The weight gain seems to have slowed down yet I am now about 10 lbs heavier than before starting the pill. I no longer get the excruciating pain I used to experience for at least 2 weeks of every month, so I am planning on continuing taking it.
I 've taken Yaz for 3 and a half years, but when I first started it was a nightmare! I felt sick all the time with no appetite and the first period I had on Yaz was even worse! I was way more moody than I was off the pill and would just start crying for no reason. It got better and my periods were lighter, but like most after that 3 year mark I started feeling anxious and depressed. I 'm getting switched off of it now because of it. It 's great for short term.
I was put on this to lower my chances of getting more kidney stones. I 've been on this a few days now &amp; wanted to share my experiences early on. At first I felt no difference but the second day I started feeling extreme dry mouth, headache, lower leg cramping &amp; some frequency of urination, although I drink a lot of water 1/2 to 3/4 of a gallon a day but from what I 've read here these are normal side effects as my body adjusts to the medication. I 'm going to keep on this until I see the doctor for a recheck in a couple of weeks &amp; hopefully these side effects will subside.I 'm mainly staying on it too out of fear of a returning kidney stone.
Lamictal worked at 25mg seems like every 6 weeks it 's time to up dosage, currently at 250 and raise to 275 in week. Is there anything out there I can take with lamictal, I don 't want to gain weight. Anti depressant is a med I take also
I 've been put on loestrin 20 now for so far 3weeks I 've two days left of the first pack! My experience already has mostly been positive I 've had less cramping after my last period as I started it on the first day of cycle, I 'm able too go too the bathroom more frequently as I would have got backed up at certain times in the month with m.c and ovulation.y breasts have filled out lol I 'm only a size 8 and have a small bust and my skin has cleared on my face. I do suffer with endo and my doctor put me on this as a last resort basically. I 've spotted throughout the month but I did anyways so don 't know if I can blame it on this. She did advise me that diff positions-during intecourse can help &amp; not flare the endo up which bothered me.
I have constant mid-level depression and have also self medicated this with marijuana, helps a lot but only if you smoke all the time  so I decided to go to the docter and right away he started me off with 100mg zoloft and I just tried this for the next month, the first 2 weeks my emotions were uncontrollable happy, sad, angry, numb, energetic, then tired. So then after the 2 weeks I didn 't feel depressed really but didn 't feel happy either?just a neutral feeling. So i stopped and decided medical marjiuana works better for me.
I have been on Vimpat for about 6 months, adjunct to Zonegran. It has not helped to control my hormonal seizures yet, so my doctor keeps having to increase the dose of Vimpat. However, now I can 't sleep well but feel really drowsy in the morning which doesn 't help me at work, where I need to be very sharp. The worst is the chronic constipation. I am always bloated and have major abdominal discomfort since taking Vimpat.
Third day and it doesn 't even touch the pain at night.  Never had gout ever before,  broke tibia and ankle, had surgery with 3 plates and 18 screws in my leg Nov 18.  Got my splint put on three weeks ago and the soft cotton padding couldn 't touch my touch or it burned terribly.  Ortho didn 't catch it and three weeks later fed up with poppin meds and getting worse, I saw my regular dr.  He instantly said, gout.  Took blood test, proscribed me this stuff at 50mg three times a day.  After the first two the first day, the following day it slowed nicely and I was able to go out for a few hours.  I am in a wheel chair at this point with the legs still messed up.  Got home and the pain was insane!  That was yesterday.  Today is tough, what do I do
Yo it clearly says in the instructions that BURNING &amp; ITCHING WILL INCREASE AFTER THE USE OF PRODUCT. My guess it 's because the medicine is working and killing the bacteria so DONT BE ALARMED, specially if the doc tells u to get it. It 's normal and just part of it. I know it sucks but you just gotta be strong baby girl and whatever you do DONT PANIC, FREAK OUT, OR BE DRAMATIC it 's just makes things WORST. Remain calm and bare through it. The most intense pain is within the first 5-10 min of application, but the burning and itching tremendously went down after a deep breath and quick meditation break which helped my spirit get stronger, increased my pain tolerance and confidence therefore calming my nerves and silencing the pain. 
I am a chronic pain patient and have tried dozens of medications for my pain. Opana works wonders through an IV when I 'm in excruciating pain, but the oral pills just don 't help as much. My pain doctor switched me from Oxycodone 4 times a day to Opana 3 times a day and it didn 't touch my pain. I did some research and it only absorbs 10% orally. It 's good as an IV or injection medication but not as much as an oral pill
I had Skyla out in 2 months ago. The insertion was a bit painful, but it was over quickly. I had some moderate cramping for a couple of days and slight spotting. At my 1 week mark, I was having heavy cramping and some sharp pain. I checked and my doctor checked for my strings but they couldn 't be found. I ended up going to the ER having an ultrasound and a CT scan to see if the Skyla was still in my uterus or has moved elsewhere into my abdomen. The nurse started an IV on me right away. She said it 's in case they need to take me to the OR. They hadnt even done the scans yet, but the doctor told me they 've had many women come in with IUDs that travel outside the uterus and into the abdominal cavity and it require surgery right away.
Well I was on epiduo for about five months and at first (like most acne medications) caused redness and peeling, but then it cleared up most of my acne. But then it seemed my body became used to it and it no longer did anything.
I 've been on the Depo shot for years and decided to change to the Skyla. Since I haven 't had a period in a few years the dr decided to go ahead and put the Skyla in. It was extremely painful guess due to the fact that I wasn 't on my period when your cervix opens slightly. The dr had to give me an injection inside down there to open my cervix slightly but it was extremely painful. I recommend that if your on Depo and want Skyla, wait till you have your period.
Took my first 10 mg Brintellix just before I went to bed at around 11:00 p.m.  It 's now 6:30 a.m. &amp; I haven 't slept.  Not a wink.  Going forward, I will definitely be taking them in the mornings.  I just arbitrarily rated it as a &quot;5&quot; since I 've only taken one.  Other than being wired, I haven 't had any negative side effects.  I never hold out much hope for any new antidepressant, though.  It seems that nothing works for me.  I will take Brintellix for at least a couple of months before deciding if it works &amp; whether or not I want to continue taking it.  The cost will also factor into this (in a big way).  My dr. gave me a month 's worth of samples &amp; a card for some sort savings program...
I was on Kariva for 3months and then I decided to stop taking it all together. I 'd experience dizziness to the point where I 'd have to sit down and also had an increase in constant headaches. The day that I decided to stop taking it, I had an extreme mood swing/panic attack. Some days while taking the pill I didn 't feel like myself emotionally. I originally got on the pill to help reduce my cramps because they were so painful. The pain of my cramps did lessen, but occasionally it was still as intense as it was before I was on the pill. I bled/spotted on the third week and had my actual period the fourth. So I ended up bleeding well over a week which is more than my normal. I did not gain any weight, but my appetite increased.
5mg worked very well for me for a few months. The only side effects I had for a long time were bad taste/tongue numbness, extreme sedation after taking it, hard time waking up the next day. And weight gain! After about 6 months I went up to 10mg. Within 1 month I felt completely &quot;flat&quot; (no true feelings or joy in anything) and my anxiety got TERRIBLE! Tried to go back down to 5mg but then I suddenly developed akathesia and had to stop completely. I have been off it for 6 days now and feel great. I can actually wake up in the morning, my anxiety is subsiding, and the creepy feeling in my legs is completely gone. My therapist told me she noticed I was more &quot;engaged&quot;. I have already lost 1 or 2 lbs of the 15  I gained. Too bad it didn 't work.
I 've been on Epiduo for many months in the past but stopped using it once my face got relatively clear. I 've had acne for around 8 years and tried all the common treatments for acne so needless to say I already tried benzoyl peroxide. So from experience I know it DOES help improve acne but as for how much, it may depend. The first time worked nicely for me but after several months of use it no longer worked on the small pimples and bumps on my forehead so I stopped using it. Applying more or less didn 't work either. However, due to recent circumstances I broke out pretty badly on the chin so I 've tried using it once more. Sadly, after 2 months the only thing it does is painfully dry out my skin and cause a semi-permanent redness to my face.
Thank you for the availability of sanity and peace.
I am on my fourth week of taking Aviane and the past 3 weeks have been miserable. The first week had little side effects, but my mood swings have been getting progressively worse throughout this month. In the past week I have started noticing extreme anxiety and cramping (even though I 'm not on my period). Now that I am PMSing as well, I cannot stop eating and I feel extremely bloated all the time. Also, my breasts have enlarged but they feel as if they are covered in bruises. I am going to give this pill one more trial month, but so far it has not been good.
I started taking Provera January 7th because I had 3 different periods in the month of December, regular (change every 2-3 hrs), to light (barely noticed it (changed every 4-5 hrs), to extremely heavy with huge clots (literally changed everytime I stood up because there would be a gush of blood). I was told to take it for about 2 weeks and that I would have a period afterwards. I stopped bleeding but I got my period a couple of days before the 2 weeks were up. The side effects I 've had are nausea (seriously sick to my stomach, the mere thought of food almost made me regurgitate), and my body was extremely sore and it made me tired. I still have pills and honestly not sure if I should still be taking it but I guess the pills work.
I was blown up in Iraq in May of 2008. I have lost all my bones inside my hand along with 2 inches of my femur. I have more than 17 screws running up and down my left leg. Majority of my nerves are severed throughout my leg and left arm. From my experience with Ms-Contin, it was great but slowly diminished. I was taking 60 mg twice a day. After a few months it lost its effectiveness. My doctor decided to go with Oxycontin and morphine instant release. 100mg of Oxycontin and 60mg of morphine sulfate immediate release. I was told you should switch every 3 months so you don 't build tolerance.
I have obsessive compulsive disorder that seems to be increasing under the influence of Zoloft.  If I miss a dose I have a really bad day, so I try not to.  The Zoloft has helped my depression significantly though, so that is some relief.  It is not the right medicine for me. 
Took this medication for three months. It made me burn and raw, even alternating it to three times a week. Directions said not to cut, so I couldn 't back down more. It seems the medication worked as far as the bladder symptoms but was unusable for me on a long term basis.
Sadly, oral Zofran (or at least the generic of it) was not enough to combat my nausea while on GDP. However intravenous zofran along with hydration did help.
I am currently taking Norco 10/325 for neck and lower back disc problem. It works right away but is short term. I tried Tramadol 50mg and found it takes awhile to kick in and makes me feel sluggish. I also had to take more than instructed to get similar relief which gave me a headache. Please be careful as the withdrawl effects are very unpleasant and make you sick. I am staying with the Norco, as it works for me.
I 'm only 19 years old and I 'm taking nortriptyline to prevent my migraines . I get these bad migraines everyday and at times I feel like shaving my whole head off because I feel like it 's my hair causing it but it 's not . Well I 've been on nortripyline for 6 months now I still get migraines but not as bad as I use too but I still get them everyday which sucks . But I hate it because I 'm suppose to take it right before I go to sleep and when I do I can 't sleep anymore like it wakes me up and then I 'm up the whole night and I start crying at times because I just want my migraines to go away so I could live a happy normal teenage life . I 'm on every day medication I take nortriplyine 10 mg and ibuprofen 600 mg It sucks I hope I get better soon
I gained 30 lbs in 4 months, which was quite depressing.  I think larger appetite was part of this. My doctor didn 't say anything, but I found it frustrating. I also find it still hard to express myself (although this was a side effect of my last medicine, it is better now, but not great).  I have also found increased numbing in my arms and decrease in emotion.
I 've had the nexplanon inserted in October and I haven 't really had any servere side effects... I gained a little bit of weight &amp; I get emotional from time to time, but other than that its been great besides the prolonged bleeding. I 've been on my period for about 3 weeks now... it started off heavy and now its simmering down. Hopefully it 'll stop soon. If not I 'm getting it removed.
Initial nausea: tolerable.  Breasts: somewhat fuller.  24/7 soul-crushing fatigue and terrible mood.
I 've been on Otezla a little over a year now and I think I will be stopping tomorrow after I visit my dermatologist.  The Pros, much of my psoriasis cleared within weeks, especially on my neck and scalp.  When doing UV treatments with the Otezla I was near 95% clear.  I had all the side effects like tension headaches, stomach issues, and weight loss.  However, I would take that and clearer skin over my psoriasis.  I 've had psoriasis for 24 years now and I have tried everything from steroid creams, UV, and biologic injections.  I thought Otezla was the best!However, over the last month I have been experiencing anxiety and depression.  I get stressed out so easily and having panic attacks has never been me.  I cannot function normally.
I was put on 50 mg 3 X a day for rapid, arrhythmic heartbeat and high blood pressure, in November last year.  At first, it made me very sleepy and dizzy, but I have gotten over that. It lowered my heart rate into the low 60 's and 50 's, occasionally upper 40 's. Halving the dose has not changed this; I am hoping to be off it, or at least on an even lower dose, after my next cardiology appointment in June.  I think it is making me forgetful. That has definitely been a problem since taking it, although I was a bit of an absent-minded professor before. It may also have helped lower my blood pressure, although I have made some diet and lifestyle changes that would affect that, also.
I developed foot neuropathy from use of this medicine.
This drug was prescribed to me for depression and anxiety, but it had an unexpected effect. I simply cannot stop eating. I eat the entire day, and right after I finish eating a full meal, I feel hungry as if I hadn 't eaten anything, so I eat again and again. I have gained 9 kg in less than 3 weeks and I am loving it. People always make fun of me because I 'm skinny, I never thought a psychiatric drug could fix this.. I am so happy when I look in the mirror. Olanzapine is the best drug if you are a skinny ectomorph who struggles with lack of appetite.
I was prescribed haldol when I went in patient for borderline personality disorder. Though haldol does help with my anger and agitation as well as suspiciousness and paranoia, it makes me so restless that I 'm crying and would rather die than suffer like that. It makes me pace around constantly and I can 't sleep because I HAVE to walk around and move my legs. I was also prescribed trileptal while I was there, which in conjunction with the haldol, makes me get such blurred vision that I 'm walking into things and can 't function. I stopped taking trileptal due to the side effects of taking it with the haldol and was put on lamictal which had no side effects. My outpatient psychiatrist has since taken me off the haldol due to the restlessness.
I started Yasmin pill 3 days ago and I am definitely not going to be carrying on with it because I have had shortness of breath which could be related to me panicking and worrying about the side effects, I also have hand numbness in my left hand, dizziness and tingling. Although I haven 't been on it long enough I do believe it helps acne very often because if your acne is hormonal and you break out during your period, when your due on or around your ovulation times going on the pill should hopefully stop this from happening, we all react in different ways so I wish you the best of luck(:
I have been on this medication for approximately 6 days. I have been experiencing pins and needle pain on my feet, hands and breast. Also fatigue and sore inside upper lip. Will be seeing my physician this week.Has anyone experience this? May have to stop mybetriq.
I had kyleena inserted on July 21. I was so nervous I made the doctor tell me everything he was doing while he was doing it. By the time he told me what he was doing. It was over. Other than the whole prepping the cervix situation, insertion was over on like 30 seconds. Felt like a tiny pinch. I didn 't really need pain relievers. Biggest pain the butt that I had was bleeding an entire month. I got it inserted in on July 21 because I was getting married August 21 figuring I would be in the clear by the wedding. I WAS WRONG. I was still bleeding on my wedding night.  A whole month later.  Periods used to be 3-4 days now 9 -10. Back aches feel worse than they used to before insertion. I 'm contemplating  removal.  I 'll give til  Month 6.
I took this medicine 2 years ago for about a month because of my other hypertension medicines were causing rashes. After a couple of medicines were recommended, I took Micardis and although it lowered my pressure some, I was waking up every two hours at night. So I switched to several other medications that also did not work well. I told my MD I would try Micardis again because the side effects were less than all other medicines I had tried. So far (8 months) my pressure is better and the insomnia is workable and not so constant.
ok so I 'm 17 and have taken this for only 2 days and already CRAZY emotional. also gotten some pretty severe headaches. I 'll update further on about acne/weight gain/period lightening... but so far not sure if I 'm liking it
I completed the third shot in the series on Thursday before Thanksgiving. After the first and second shots I experienced about a 90% reduction in pain and did not need to take any pain medication at all.  After the third shot I started experiencing more pain again and needed to start using pain medication again.  I am hoping it goes back to the 90% with no pain medication.
I was prescribed Celexa for anxiety. I had previously tried Prozac, which made things even worse. Celexa (10mg) was great. I felt better, just a bit more evened out, and less anxious. It 's definitely not a xanax but it helped me to feel more like myself. However, it also made me gain about 15 pounds in only 3 months. During this time I was exercising, eating healthfully, and still gaining. I eventually weaned myself off it. Weaning myself off was *terrible*. Nausea, inability to concentrate, etc.
Well I was diagnosed w/ Hep C 5 years ago, I was way too scared to do interferon so I never went for treatment! Now that Harvoni came out I decided to give it a try &amp; it 's been 11 days and the only side effects I 'm experiencing are headaches!!! Headaches all day everyday!!! It 's horrible but I guess it could be worst! I am trying to drink plenty of water, keeping my fingers crossed!
I got the Skyla put in October 2014. The procedure hurt like a mother but after I got home and took a nap I was fine.  Had light to spotty periods for a couple months. Now I only know when it 's that time when I get my normal PMS symptoms.  I unfortunately am one of the unlucky percentage that ended up with the acne side effect which is really irritating. Thought getting of the pill I would lose weight but at first it did but it came back.  Nice not taking a pill everyday but will not be renewing this med.
I 've always had really mild breakouts ever since college started, but I gradually lost them through Clearasil and St. Ives. But now that I 'm in my junior year, I 'm breaking out twice as much. My dermatologist prescribed me Differin (0.01 cream adapalene), and it was quite pricey because I was taking it alongside clindamycin, which I only put on my pimples whereas I used a pea-sized amount of Differin on my entire face. I 'm currently on my third day of Differin and Clindamycin, and I have been experiencing skin peelings on my nose and a little bit of redness and tenderness. There have been more breakouts (I now have 6 pimples), and I hope it gets worse before it gets better now that it 's still holiday break.
Caused severe muscle cramps, headaches. Took away the pain from duodenal ulcers within 3 days.
I have been taking Zyprexa for about three years. Although it seems to help me restrain from the hyper-manic episodes it seems to also hinder my personality. I feel like my spirit is being suppressed and life for me is not as enjoyable. I do however feel it makes it easier for my loved ones as I don 't send them through my &quot;energetic&quot; episodes that they say are more tiring for them. I too have gained a lot of extra weight especially around the middle ...I feel starved an hour after eating.
It seems that using Abreva is a hit and miss for me. I always apply it at the first sign of tingling. Last time I used it, it stopped the Cold Sore immediately. This time, didn 't have an ounce of affect! My optional cure when I realise the Abreva is not going to work is Carmex. Amazing!
There is a level of inconsistency in its quality and in its potency. I have tried taking it in different ways. Starting with swallowing it (cause immediate bloating). Tried it sublingually and finally crushing it. Again, I have found some difference in the way it crushes. Some are crumbly (more potent) and some are sticky (same batch).  One whole box was totally useless. I didnt realise this immediately. Side effects kept increasing with each dose and I kept feeling tired, nauseated, and lacked energy. This effect wore out 4-5 hrs after taking the pill and felt almost back to normal. I opened a new batch and things improved withi 2 days..less side effects and more energy levels. Other side effect is sweet taste. I will try a different brand
I 've had mine since April 2015, it 's now October 2015, and 1 month after having implanon inserted I have been bleeding ever since. 7 months of period with only 2 weeks break from it! It 's ridiculous! I travel for work it 's so friggin annoying to have to worry about what plane seats are going to look like! I had this inserted purely for the fact I was over period pain (my family has bad ovaries so period pain is 1000x worse) I was aware there would be spotting and occasionally period, but jeez 7 months?? It 's a really good method of birth control, you can 't get pregnant, why? Because you bleed to much, so sex is out of the question.
My son was diagnosis with ADD two years ago. He was also struggling with Anxiety. Was seeing a therapist.  He is now 17  A year ago he was put on Vyvanse 30mg and 50mg of Zoloft.  My son did say that by the last couple of class it wears off.  3 months ago we down his Zoloft to 25mg.  His therapist discharged him saying he didn 't need to come any more.  Now the 30mg  doesn 't seem to be working.  We went back to his doctor who is new since his doctor left the firm. She is putting him on 40mg of Vyvanse. His other doctor didn 't want to go up.  I wanted to up the Zoloft back to 50mg. Doctor says no take the higher dose of Vyvanse.  I have not started it yet. Have to wait because I just got the lower dose and the discount card won 't pay twice.
I have taken the pill for four months. The first month was almost continuous light bleeding, which wasn 't too awful because I was prepared for the first month to be rough. After that everything went pretty well. I did experience a couple of side effects though. I would have two light periods each month. The first one (what my normal period would be) was very light and lasted about three days. The second one would be a little heavier and last about five days. Cramping was very minimal, so that part was good. Aside from this, I did have some minor breakouts, at least compared to how my skin usually is, which may or may not have been a side effect. It wasn 't for me, but that doesn 't mean it isn 't for everyone. Hope this helps.
I stopped taking birth control pills because of the hassle of remembering to take them. My doctor recommended Nuvaring due to the convenience of using it and being a busy college student. However, two months after using it I had MAJOR abdominal cramps to the point where I couldn 't walk. Turns out I had endometriosis and had to have surgery, it was not Nuvaring 's fault. I was instructed to switch it out every 3 weeks instead of 4 to skip my periods; however, I have yet skipped a period and it has been 3 months since my surgery. I bleed for 2-3 weeks every time. I am switching birth controls to something more stronger since that is what my doctor recommended. Other than that, no other side effects at all.
Abreva always worked for me but this time I think I started too late. I woke up with a cold sore it was not big but red and past the tingly stage 
Seroquel was the only thing that knocked me out.  I 've been on it for 8 months, but have gained 50 lbs, which I have attributed to Seroquel.  Not to mention that diet and exercise aren 't cutting it to lose the weight. Wish I could find something that could make me sleep as well as Seroquel without the weight gain.
I had some success with Savella but have not felt totally better after long term.
The positives for me were that it immediately helped with my itchy nose. However, it didn 't completely get rid of it. I was taking it in the morning and at night and I felt so drugged and irritated. I really had to make myself do anything during the day. All I wanted to do was sleep. I 've gone back to just suffering through my allergies during the day, and taking Benadryl at night. I 've got two small children, so being excessively tires and cranky during the day isn 't an option for me.
My VA doctor started me on this medication for my PTSD,  bipolar, mood disorder and alcohol abuse, I 've been on this medication for two weeks, I 'm 48, disabled combat marine, big guy 6 '3 260lb I 'm ramping up on this med, right now 25mg twice a day, and have gained 12 pounds, I crave food constantly, but not alcohol, I can 't sleep very well but the constant craving of food and gaining weight brothers me, I get paid once a month started this on the 5th and now having to ration my food I don 't eat everything before the month is up, I do have some fatigue, but mostly weight gain. I just started this med, but I 'm happy I don 't crave alcohol, and don 't have rage attacks, thanks semper Fi
So I 've been on Tri-Nessa for almost 2 months,and each time i start a new pack i get bad stomach pains and then on week 2 everything is back to normal. Since I 've been on it i vomited twice and anytime i eat something my stomach feels empty, even though i ate a lot. My periods have been coming on time and my face is clearing. My only problem is the bad stomach pains.
The medicine itself I didn 't have an issue with, although I still prefer Klonopin, but it was the withdrawal I couldn 't handle.  I was on this medication for two months and since, like I previously mentioned, I decided to go back on Klonopin. I stopped taking the Xanax XR. When I did, I felt like a bus ran over me.  I felt shaky, drowsy and like I 'd been out drinking the night before (which I haven 't done in 10 years). It really wasn 't worth the withdrawal.
I had the worst and most painful experience of my freakin life having a double ear infection. I went to my local urgent care and the doctor prescribed Amoxicillin, &amp;this made it SO MUCH WORSE. After 8 days of the amoxicillin, I was hysterically crying from the pain. So I went back to urgent care and saw a different doctor, he prescribed me Cefuroxime &amp; some ear drops. I am on day 4 of this antibiotic and the pain is nothing like it was before, but I am still feeling it. Frankly, I 've had a broken nose, too many sinus infections to count, etc. and NOTHING compares to the severity of the pain that this ear infection caused me. I am still in pain but just not as much. THE BEST ADVICE I CAN GIVE is a warm compress or ice pack to help with pain.
I 've been on bupropion SR 100 MG once per day for about 6 months now.I lost 30 lbs, but at what cost? The thought of food makes me feel ill. I 'll be hungry, but when I see food, my body gets tense and I feel like I might vomit.The first few weeks, I felt slightly uplifted. I was more inclined to go for walks and socialize with friends and family again. I hit a plateau around week 5 and felt awful. I felt tired but unable to sleep, and I spent hours in bed every day. By week 8, I was seriously considering ending my life because I couldn 't stand how I felt. Constant anxiety and tension, tinnitus, nausea, lethargy.I tapered down to one pill every other day, with the hope of quitting. Withdrawal was too much, so still taking it for now
Moderately effective, but didn 't do enough to tolerate the &quot;brain lag&quot; and fatigue, among other side effects, it caused. Would have been higher if coming off of it wasn 't utter torture.
i just started my 3rd week on this pill (its my first time going on bc) and i cant say i love the pill, but i also dont hate it. the first 3 days i had really bad acid reflux, indigestion and stomach pains, it went away so i think my body was just trying to cope with the newly added hormones. my boobs have grown slightly, but not much. im definitely more emotional now, but not overly emotional like most people are saying they experienced. the only real negative side effect ive experienced is acne. the day after i started the pill i woke up with small red bumps ALL over my face. my entire forehead, chin and jaw area is so red and bumpy. im gonna give this pill another month or two before i decide if i need to change brands.
I been on sesonique for 3 month. I had been spotting every day since I started using it and I had a full blown period 2 weeks after starting using it. I love the fact I only get your period every 3 month but  the spotting is not much better.  I notice that I am get really angry sometimes for no reason and I feel sad and depressed. It also made me gain 15 lbs which its making me a bit stress out. I talk to my Dr. And she said since I 'm just started this med my body had to get use to it. I 'm think I 'm going to wait 3 more months to c how my body adjusts to it. Also I take my pill at the same time everyday on the dot. so my spotting it 's not cause by missing doses or taking it at different times
I 've had the nexplanon inserted in October and I haven 't really had any servere side effects... I gained a little bit of weight &amp; I get emotional from time to time, but other than that its been great besides the prolonged bleeding. I 've been on my period for about 3 weeks now... it started off heavy and now its simmering down. Hopefully it 'll stop soon. If not I 'm getting it removed.
I switched from microgestin fe 20, which was good, but my body got used to it and I started getting abnormal periods. Switched to this, did not gain weight, so far it 's been a smooth transition. The only thing that I do not like is that I get a lot of nausea while I 'm on my period. I hope with time it 'll go away. Other than that it 's a good form of bc.
Have been taking 10mg for 4 &amp; half weeks. Third week in felt fine with less pain. Now severe  stomach cramps &amp; back pain has returned. Unsure if I should continue with them.
Starting on day one, I was using the bathroom at least six times a day, with the urge to go hitting me suddenly and urgently, with the end product (pardon me) being a thin gruel. I had no appetite, which made it harder to drink enough water to keep up with my fluid loss. By day three I was nauseated and so dehydrated that my blood pressure dropped, leaving me weak and dizzy. That 's when the vomiting started. The worst it got: one sip of water had me throwing up until nothing came out and then dry-heaving to the brink of exhaustion. I was almost completely bedridden for two days, and only just recovered today, having survived on sips of Gatorade. I 'm amazed the FDA approved Trulicity. It felt more like rat poison than a promising new drug.
My boyfriend and I had protected sex just yesterday (Friday, January 29, 2016). He used a condom--as usual. But, this time, unfortunately, the condom came off--either while he was still penetrated or after he pulled out. This scared us both so much, because there 's a very high chance that semen could had entered my vaginal tract and went further into my reproductive system. He didn 't want to take the risk, so he decided for us to immediately go to out and buy Plan B One Step. I took the pill, with not water, but Canada Dry ginger ale, about one hour after we had sex. I waited two hours to expect symptoms, and still haven 't experienced any, except for fatigue. It 's been about 12 hours now today. I 'm wondering if I 'm going to have symptoms
When it works, it works well with no next day grogginess.  I am a long time user, beginning in 2001.  I have pretty much stopped, after using it every night for 9 years.  I have tried Lunesta and I sleep two hours even with double dose.  Rozerem had no effect.  I may be trying Seroquel next.  I had night-time events with no memory of them. I typically had one event every few months, but some were potentially deadly.  Yes, I too cooked all the time with no memory of it.  I would wake up and crack eggs in the sink and food on the table.  I also (VERY IMPORTANT), would go on line, send e mail that was highly damaging and/or embarrassing and have no memory of doing it until I got responses. ALSO NIGHT DRIVING WITH NO MEMORY of the event.
I been on this ADHD medication, but never was on it for more then 3 months. I am always switched due to the weight lose. When I first took it I was about 135lbs, after 2 months I was 98lbs. I lost over 35 pounds. This was in 2010. I stopped taking it because it wasn 't helping me. Within those months my doctor kept putting me on different medicines, none worked. I started school with no medicines, I was on the high honor all, my mom wanted me to take it because I couldn 't focus I was so HYPER. So my doctor put me on Concerta again. I have been on and off, but I have been consistent for 1-2 weeks. I have noticed my face is very itchy and blotchy and I want to hide and cry. Well I 'm getting good grades but lost 10lbs in a week. 
I 'm allergic to sulfa and penicillin so my doc prescribed Macrobid. The first time I took this medicine, I felt fine besides some nasty nausea. I didn 't take the last 3 pills because of it but my UTI went away almost immediately. This time, I feel horrible. I felt good after the first 2-3 doses but now after I take it (3rd day) I am weak, I feel like it 's hard to breathe, and my stomach burns/hurts so bad I can 't stand it. It also makes me very tired and out of it/woozy. The burning during urination has went away but I feel worse than what I did with the UTI. I hate to stop it early but I fear I may end up in the hospital if I don 't. It 's not a bad med, just hit or miss side effects. I say try it out though. It 's worth that much at least.
I 'm an social drinker and after 3 months of taking Risperdal, I can 't get a buzz or even drunk. Viagra doesn 't work either. It 's like it took the pleasure out of my system but now my libido is coming back after a couple of months. I had the doctor change my medicines. Hopefully the new ones does a better job with my pleasure. On month 2 I was zombie like but now I 'm almost back to normal. 
Just finished the first pack.  I have constant mild stomach upset so that I can 't eat much and have loose stools. Despite this, I 've lost only a little weight - tummy still seems bloated.  I expect this will clear up in a couple of months.Bonus - cleared up my skin. ? - no period the first month.  Caution:  What worries me is that it seems to have caused pretty serious depression for me.  I tend to be a bit on the sad side if I don 't watch it, but this was bad.  I want to try to stick with it, but the depression feels horrible, so if next month is this bad, I don 't know if I can continue.
I have been a long term sufferer of chronic pain from Fibromyalgia, DDD, Scoliosis, Sciatica, Arthritis, Migraines and Chronic Fatigue Syndrome since 1992.,. After starting out with the over the counter meds, then moving to prescription Motrin, Day trip, Rendering, and numerous anti depressants, my doctor began prescribing Vicodin 5/500. At first they worked, but after 3months, nothing! So I went back to my doctor and told him. He then proceeded to put me on 7.5/750, again they worked for me no longer after 3 months. To make a long story short, I am now and have been on MS Contin, 60mg x two times a day and 100mg at bedtime. For my break-thru pain I am on Oxycodone 30mg x two. I 'm here to say that I have a life once again!
I received the Liletta IUD on March 1, 2017. For the first two days, I had severe cramping but no bleeding. However, since having it in, I have experienced almost every side effect, except losing my hair. I also think that it has moved out of place because at times, I can feel it and it is painful. Especially, during my periods. I am considering having it removed.
I really like this drug. I used to sleep all the time but this gives me tons of energy. I am one of the few who has actually lost weight while on it. I love my Prozac!
I was on Apri for about a year. The first few months I would randomly get hot and feel like I was going to vomit. That went away after a few months. I never got pregnant but also used the pull out method. I was just hospitalized for two blood clots in my right arm and pulmonary embolisms. My doctor thinks the birth control is what has done this. I don 't think I will ever take birth control again, not sure what to do now because I don 't want children right now. I am a healthy 25 year old woman who should not have blood clots and so far they have found no other reason why I would have blood clots. Birth control is dangerous!!
Doctors need to discuss side effects of this medication IN DETAIL before letting someone go home with it. I was prescribed 7 day treatment, twice daily 500 mg tablets.  Day 1-5.. Definitely felt very tired and almost high like I was on drugs.  Somehow I continued to work everyday. Increase in urination as well as the metal taste.  Day 6-7 were the worst. I got the worst case of hives all over my entire body. Raised little red bumps. I wasn 't too nauseous throughout the entire process because I made sure to eat bread or crackers before and after taking each pill. Also, my hair started falling out more than normal. The withdrawals were horrific. Felt like I had the flu, and couldn 't get out of bed for a day.  It 's day 9 and things are better.
I 've been on many pills and have bad experience with all of them. Mood swings, depression, exhaustion, loss of sex drive, breakouts, etc. etc.Lutera seems like one of the best-of-the-worst I guess...  it made my boobs plumper which rocks, but I 've lost my sex drive pretty much entirely so what is the point of that?!?I 'm taking it to control Ovarian Cysts and Endometriosis but I 'm going to stop, maybe try another, cause I find that I get mad or resentful at my boyfriend when there 's nothing out of the ordinary going on, and I don 't really care if I see my friends or not... stuff I used to feel passionate about is like...  whatever.  I miss me.  At least Lutera didn 't make me feel like offing myself like Ortho did, but it 's still not great.
I 've just started Niacin. 250 mg daily for a week, now 500mg.  I 'm concerned because it shoots my blood pressure up from 125/79 to 166/99 for the hour that the flush lasts. I take it with food at supper time. I get strong flushes about every other day.
I got on the depo not only for prevention of pregnancy but also everyone I know stopped getting their periods. How awesome is that! I was very skeptical about it because everyone I knew either gained an excessive amount of weight or just were not able to loose at all. My experience was great for my first shot, I got my period once throughout the 3 months and I was still able to loose weight without any issues. My problem started when I got my second shot. About 2 weeks after receiving the shot I got my period which was fine but that was April 9th and it is now June 4th and I still have. It 's not a heavy flow at all mostly just spotting and clotting. Will not be receiving 3rd shot. I want sex!! If the bleeding wasn 't so much I 'd continue.
I have been taking this medicine for 1 year. Spironolactone 50mg daily has taken my blood pressure to a normal level. It is great apart from some side effects mainly heart burn and joint pain.
My autistic 12 year old son was put on a low dose of Abilify in August 2012 to help with mood swings and anxiety.  His emotions stabilized beautifully, but he gained an excessive amount of weight and an extreme increase in appetite. In a matter of 5 months he went from  100 pounds to 139 pounds.  We 've had to stop the Abilify and find an alternative so we can work on getting him to a healthier BMI.
Sometimes I do not fall asleep for hours. Usually out in about an hour. I never sleep for more than 4-5 hours. I admit I do sleep a bit longer when I take it but not by much. I have been using Restoril for over a year.
I had Mirena inserted about six months ago, and other than painful insertion and some moderate acne have really no complaints.  I 've also had irregular periods since but very light bleeding.
Took this drug (5 day dose) for a sinus infection. It did clear up the infection but the side effects were horrible. I got dizzy, had a horrible headache, felt nauseous and at one point even vomited. Each day was agonizing, and I think I could have taken something else easier on the body for a minor sinus infection. I finished my last dose two days ago but I 'm still feeling the dizziness. I hope it goes away soon.
I used Mirena for 8 months. It worked well as birth control but caused me to have 2 week periods and also some minor hair loss and bloating. I liked not having to remember taking a pill but couldn 't tolerate the very long periods. My advice is just give it the 6 months to regulate like your doctor says and see how it goes for you.
Use as a rescue medication to break seizure clusters.  I only take when needed.  Which isn 't often thankfully.
I have read all these reviews and I am jealous that all of you experienced weight loss! I have experienced weight GAIN but that could also be because I only have a period once every three months (with PMS and some spotting in between). But I LOVE the control this pill gives me! I have been on it since my manufacturer changed it from Microgestin Fe, but it 's okay! It feels good to me. I have a lot of unprotected sex and it 's nice to know when I start spotting a little that it 's okay. I GET NO CRAMPS! Because of my cervical inversion, it is MISERABLE for me to have a period every month. This pill lets me go as long as I want until I want to have one! I just have to be very sensitive and careful, and this pill helps me so much.
After having a lot of urine infections for the past year I am now back on Macrodantin 50mg 4 times a day for 7 days makes me feel yak headaches keeps me awake slightly dizzy, feel tired a lot.. Then doctor wants me to take a low dose of it for 6 weeks will keep you posted if it actually works this time. I have my doubts.
I have used AnalPram singles on and off for years now and had great success. The problem I have with this generic Hydrocortisone kit from Acella is that the applicator is of very poor quality. It has squares cut out on the sides to allow the cream to disperse. These square cutouts are raised slightly along the smooth applicator and tend to scrape the thrombosed tissue as it enters an already swollen and painful part of the body. The poor construction of the applicator causes pain and bleeding. The holes on the side of the applicator should not be square but round so as to not cause scraping upon entry. This is a sign of poor quality control within the company that should be looked into by it 's company officials. Someone is going to get hurt
I am 26. I took I shower, my vulva and vagina were very dry and struggle to inser it. Then when I finally made it...Omg! In less than 1 or 2 mins the itching and burning sensation was sooooo bad, I was very uncomfortable like never before! ..dying alone in my bed. I don 't think I will ever use it again. The worst experience I have ever had :(((((
I have just begun on the Accutane treatment and am already drying out. I don 't have very severe acne but no other treatments seem to be doing anything. I 'm very careful to take especially good care of my skin and my body while on this treatment! Always have some sort of moisturizer on me, always lots of water, something to stop my lips from getting dry. I think its working already.
I have been on 80mg Oxycontin for five years. I have had four major back surgeries in the past four years. The Oxycontin has helped me lead as normal life as possible, until they changed them. They don 't work even near as they used to. Now my pain really has jumped from a five to a possible eight on the doctor 's pain scale. 
I had every neurological side effect possible leading to a trip to the ER. I took it for ten days. It took at least two weeks to get completely out of my system and I was back to a normal self. For pain it worked great.
This is without a doubt the worst med I have ever taken.  This isn 't my first colonoscopy, but I 'm hoping I won 't have another for awhile.  With the first taste, I thought I wouldn 't be able to finish the first dose.  (I vomited twice while trying to get it down.) It took me almost 10 minutes to finish it.My second dose will be at midnight.  I am going to actually start it at 11:30pm because I plan to take my time.  I have also chilled it this time and will be adding Sprite instead of water.  (I checked with the digestive specialist, and they said it was alright to do so.) I will be using a straw and have a lemon wedge.  I 'm really hoping this helps.  If I have to have another colonoscopy, I will ask to use something else.  Good luck!
I started on this pill two years ago. I have gained 15 lbs and get severe migraines during my period. My periods are still horrible. But I 'm not pregnant!
I started taking Jolessa Lo October 16, 2014. At first I hated it because I was nauseous the first week with bad migraines, then it went away. My appetite has increased &amp; I have a little acne here and there. After the first month I was spotting until I ended the entire pack. When my period started on the last 7 days I got my new pack (91 pills), then there was no more spotting. So the first three months is a breakthrough, after you should be good! Its my 4th month now (1/22/15). Also my sex drive did not decrease, but I have several mood swings
PROS: relieved GAD symptoms, rested better at night, generally in a better mood most of the time. CONS: gas, bloating, erectile dysfunction. Stopped taking the med 10 days ago and the withdrawal symptoms are awful! vertigo, electric shock sensations throughout my body, dizziness, mood swings etc. coming off this is like trying to break a coke addiction. antihistamines help with the vertigo,.5 mg of klonopin helps with mood swings. L-TYROSINE AND P-5-P helping also to control symptoms. find an alternative medication. Dr will not tell you how hard it is to get off this crap.
I had ambulatory surgery. After this anesthetic, experienced jitteriness and heart palpitations while at home recovering that day.  Still felt wonky the next day. 
It has helped a little, not all of my sickness is gone, I feel overly exhausted and drowsy! I have been on it for about 5 or so weeks. I am taking it 4 times a day now and I can feel major sleepiness! Just glad it has eased my nausea at least!
I began taking ortho primarily to help regulate my periods, which are both very irregular and heavy. I typically don 't have very severe cramps, so I can 't comment on that. However, about a month into taking this, I started experiencing extreme nausea and about weekly vomiting. At the time, I was dealing with a ton of stress/anxiety, so I partially attribute my illness to that. The nausea/vomiting was severe, seemingly random (but commonly occurred at night/early morning), leaving me not wanting to do anything/go out, feeling constantly tired &amp; run down, and with no appetite whatsoever as the thought of food made me ill. About 3.5 months later, I stopped taking ortho and I haven 't vomited since. Just be careful in trying different BCs.
My daughter just turned two and has failed every conventional method of treating her eczema. We have seen multiple specialists and after much consideration ( due to the warnings and side effects) we decided to try Elidel. After 3 days she was almost clear. By one week she was free of eczema, severe itching  ( which is by far the worst symptom) and redness/ dry skin. We stopped the medication as directed and within one day she was in a FULL flare. We thought perhaps we did not use it long enough? We tried it again daily for another week and here we are again back in a full flare after daily use for two weeks! So discouraging! Has anyone exp. this???
I 've been on Otezla a little over a year now and I think I will be stopping tomorrow after I visit my dermatologist.  The Pros, much of my psoriasis cleared within weeks, especially on my neck and scalp.  When doing UV treatments with the Otezla I was near 95% clear.  I had all the side effects like tension headaches, stomach issues, and weight loss.  However, I would take that and clearer skin over my psoriasis.  I 've had psoriasis for 24 years now and I have tried everything from steroid creams, UV, and biologic injections.  I thought Otezla was the best!However, over the last month I have been experiencing anxiety and depression.  I get stressed out so easily and having panic attacks has never been me.  I cannot function normally.
I was put on Lutera because of my unpredictable periods. I was bleeding non-stop for three months straight and after starting to take this pill the bleeding has stopped and almost two weeks later has not started again. Although I 'm happy it 's regulating my periods I have found it to make me extremely sick. It makes me nauseous to the point where everything is spinning. In addition it has caused significant mood swings. I find myself getting upset quicker and have more of an appetite. The most significant problem I have had is problems with visions. Upon taking the pill I 've had trouble focusing and getting dizzy. I 'm going to continue for two more months to try to regulate my period then coming off Lutera due to the way I 'm feeling.
So for not getting pregnant, this option is great. However, if you 're hoping to be a lucky one who does not have undesirable menstrual changes, think again. Most women have issues with this aspect and I am not an exception. I 've had the implant for a full year now. I have not stopped bleeding at all.. Some days are lighter than others, but I 'm still ALWAYS bleeding and it 's very unfortunate but it 's the only method that works for my husband and I.
So I 've been taking this pill for 2 months and I 'm torn. First off, I haven 't gained any weight and I 'm not pregnant which is good. The cons are my moods are heightened. I 'm way more emotional and get annoyed/mad a lot easier and this started right away. My period lasted for a whole week last time and although it wasn 't heavy I still had cramps. Also, when I 'm on my period I get nauseous and I 'm not sure if that 's from the birth control or just me being on my period. My boobs have grown which is another pro, but my acne has actually gotten worse. If my acne doesn 't clear up by the third month I think I 'm going to switch because I really want clear skin... I had mild side effects- increase appetite, some cramps and mild nausea.
Took this almost 2 yrs ago after my 3rd laporoscopy due to endometriosis. It was AMAZING. Didn 't have a single side effect from it. Took away all my cramps. The only reason I stopped taking it before was my insurance no longer covered it and I could not afford the copay. Started taking it again a little over a month ago. Now my breasts are HUGE and are always tender. And I 've been getting cramps up to 2 weeks ahead of my period! Even with the endometriosis, cramps don 't usually come til a few days before my period. The only saving grace was that my period was only 2 days long. I 'm gonna try to continue taking them. I love that my period was only 2 days long but this time around out didn 't help with my cramps at all.
I 'm 19 years old. I 've been struggling with cystic acne for about a year and a half now; my problem area being my cheeks . I 've been on tri-sprintec for a little over a month.. Can 't say I 've seen any drastic changes but I feel like it 's slowly taking effect (or I just might be desperate for results). I know they say it 's 2-3 months for results so I 'm remaining hopeful. The only downside I 've noticed while taking this pill is that It might 've made me break out under and around my jawline which was new for me. Also, I snack way too often now which might be making my breakouts a little excessive when that time of the month comes around.
My 8 year old son took this, and had an extreme allergic reaction.  I thought it was something else, but on day 5 his eyes swelled and his face broke out.  It took a while to get out of the system.On the other hand, my 11 year old daughter is taking Strattera 25mg, and it has worked great for her.  She is reading like crazy, and she 's never been able to focus enough to read.  When ever she took stimulants, she would get a lot of stuff done, but she would be anxious and sad.  This medication is the only one that she 's taken that didn 't make her sad.I rate it a 5 because it worked terrible for one child, but has been great for the other.
I 'm 34 years old with 2 kids. I had the Paragard IUD inserted 3 &amp; 1/2 yrs ago shortly after the birth of my 2nd child. The procedure was quick. I experienced a little discomfort but nothing unbearable.  Fast forward to 2016, I requested my GYN remove the Paragard IUD today. It took all of 30 seconds to remove  but did leave me spotting. My reasons to remove included the following: 1) shortly before my period I would spot for approximately 3-4 days and then proceed to bleed for a minimum of 9 days 2) constant vaginal discharge which resulted in me having to wear a panty liner daily and 3) since it 's insertion, my cravings for sugar have tremendously increased. After 3 years, I finally just had enough of dealing with these side effects.
So, Saxenda was effective for me for weight loss but the side effects I cannot tolerate.  I was SO tired I could not stay awake when I get home from work.  I actually started to think something serious might be wrong with me to be this fatigued. So I stopped Saxenda and then I felt normal again --so realized that Saxenda was making me so that fatigued, I realized I don 't want to feel this way to lose weight.My insurance did not cover either.  $$$$$$
First time trying the shot. I got the shot in September and everything was fine. I have never had regular periods (as far as coming when they should). So I thought I would never have a period again. November 13th comes around and I 'm spotting. On the 15th my period comes. I have been spotting different colors also. Not to mention the stomach and back pains. This whole process has been going on for 5 weeks. I know the pill gives you regular monthly periods which is something I 'd rather deal with. Can 't wait to switch back to the pill. No 2nd shot for me!!
Taken this birth control for 3 weeks now. Just started the period week with no period. My breasts have grown and were extremely sore for about 1 week. My face has broken out horribly in the last few days. In a matter of hours! I usually don 't get acne but this pill has caused horrible breakouts all over my face. It has also made my face oily. I will give this pill another month or so, hopefully this side effect will go away.
I used to have very irregular periods but while on TriNessa they came right when they were supposed to. It did not however help at all with the heaviness of my period or my mild acne! And I gained 10 pounds. I am going to talk to my doctor to see if anything will make me not experience weight gain( and acne). 
Was taking this medication Mybetriq for a little five years. During this time I had no side effects, however, after awhile the positive affects wore off and then my symptoms came back like I wasn 't even taking anything. It did work for me but I 'm one whose body adaptation is quick with medications. Couldn 't go any higher because when coming off Oxybutin was put on highest dose. Hope this helps.
I 'm 31yr old 5 '5&quot; female 254lbs, after having my daughter I haven 't been able to loss the weight. I 'm one week into this medication, the first 3 days were ruff, I had bad migraines, neck and back pain. It should be noted I had also stopped drinking caffeine on the same day I started Contrave. In the first 3 days I was very tired, groggy and on the 2nd day even in a haze or fog. Once I got past the first 4 days I feel pretty good, it has definitely suppressed my hunger and amount I can eat comfortably, I feel full a lot faster. I don 't have the thirst/dry mouth, jaw pain or suicidal thoughts. Tomorrow I start with one pill twice a day (I 'm on 1 pill once a day) so I 'll see of the increase causes sidea effects and update this review.
Hi. I took the time to read every review and register. I have been on Topamax since May of  '09 it is Dec.5th  '09. I was put on Topamax after being taken to the Hospital for a TIA(mini stroke)due to complicated migraines. I don 't really know how I feel about Topamax. I still get migraines a lot, and most of the side effects. I 've lost 70 pounds. I am weak. But the banana tip is very helpful. My math is shot. And I stumble on my words. Short term memory is a loss. But I will give the medicine more time and try the banana 's to help with the side effects. I take 150mg 2x 's daily. I started at 25mg 's. But I have other illness 's that factor in. No one has mentioned TIA 's. No one has this from their migraine 's? Thanks for the info. It 's all helpful.
Not very helpful for the depression except at higher dose of 300+mg. at that dose I experienced severe hair loss: About a third of my hair fell out in about four months
Well it has been a rollercoaster for me. Very moody depression kicks in, mad all the time at my bf, periods come whenever they want too, very emotional, haven 't seen weight gain, no sex drive at all. Considering taking it off
I 'm 21. Cymbalta works really well with depression. It made me happy. So happy I could lose my mind in myself and forget to do anything but eat and think. That 's why I 'm giving it a 5. When I started taking it I lost about 4lbs.... Then... Tada! I gained 14lbs in 2 weeks. I got off the medicine right after this. I 'm not going to gain all my weight back to make myself more depressed in the future. Watch out for this one if you 're watching what you eat. I 've lost 7 of the 14, so at least I have that. But I 'm upset by the gain. I was on it for a month.
Been given Clarithrimycin 500mg for chest infection. Been on meds 2 days. The after taste at the back of your mouth  is extremely vile. I can taste it a few hours after taking it. It 's that vile the taste wakes me up..I try to swish it away with water but it 's still there. The last tablet I took was 10 hours ago the taste my mouth is still dreadful. Not sure whether this medication is helping as still coughing like a trooper. I was less anxious when I read on this thread that it wasn 't  me going crazy and others suffered from heart palpitations, shortness of breath, tight chest and anxiety (I can 't break thoughts).  Its a dreadful feeling, have to finish the course but will never be taking this med again- 5 more days to go :-/
This is my 3rd week on this bc pill! So far I 've been quite moody but nothing that has gotten out of control. I 've cried for no reason but I 'm naturally an emotional person so this doesn 't surprise me haha. No weight gain, some headaches and fatigue but nothing intolerable. I had to take Tylenol like 2 or 3 times and every thing was fine. HOWEVER, I am have a mini cystc constellation on one side of my chin :( hoping this will be better and wont happen again. I also got a random cyst on my fore head. I normally only break out on my cheeks.
Okay middle way through week 4 oozing red spot that is weeping. It is fairly painful and stings.  I don 't have the aches and pains but seem to have bouts at night of really heavy complete body sweating.  One small spot seems somewhat improved but so far .... not sure. . two weeks to go hope it works.
I have been taking Cymbalta for over two years, it worked great in the beginning. I currently take 90mg a day, 60 in the morning and 30 at bedtime. The last few months it does not seem to be working. I have tried several other medications before this one and none of them worked. There are days (most) that I hurt so bad I can 't stand to move.
I got nexplanon inserted in July of 2015. It is very effective in terms of preventing pregnancy, I have never had a scare in the past year. However, the side effects have been so bad that I have chosen to get it removed. I suffer from severe moodiness, I am so short tempered and I cry so much. I was never this emotional before. Also, I get my period about every 2 or 3 months, but when I get it the pain is unbearable and it lasts for 2-3 weeks. I 've also noticed that the implant makes me get extremely drunk very quickly. It 's embarrassing for me to be so intoxicated after just a couple of shots and I 'm sure it 's unsafe. It has been effective, but I can 't deal with it anymore.
I just started today and I do feel very sleepy but I am noticing less gas and cramps I 'm happy! I hope this works.
I 've been on this for about a year and a half. I like it, my periods are regular, I hardly ever get cramps anymore. But, ever since I 've been on this, I have urinary tract infections all the time, they keep coming back.
I had nexplanon implanted on 9-25-14 I didn 't have a period for maybe the first 5 days after then I started to bled very heavy which lasted for 2 weeks subsided lightly then when me and partner tried intercourse it came back and now has been on every since then getting it took out next month I miss sex a lot !! Don 't recommend it but everyone is different
Just caused the worst side effect to my lungs after using this over a year. Where is the GP or specialist that must have warned me against these symptoms or kept me recorded in progress with this medication. Accordingly to my lung specialist this medicine is poison to the human body.
I got this in 8 weeks after I had my baby, and I didn 't have a period for a few weeks, and now I 've been on my period for almost 4 months. NON STOP. It hasn 't gotten lighter, and it 's not spotting. It has made me super moody, and it started to make me gain weight but I got back on my ADD meds so it evened each other out. The only reason I 'm still on this is because I wouldn 't remember a pill. Oh, and I 've never had any bladder infections until I had this. I had one almost every month since I 've had this.
I 've been on this birth control for quite a while now, and it 's made me very depressed. Especially when I 'm alone and not doing anything I feel very sad and depressed. And every other month or so I 'm bleeding abnormally. Though I don 't have a period every month, I shouldn 't be bleeding all the time.
I 've been taking Loryna (generic for Yaz) for about two years now. I 'll preface this review by saying I 'm turning 27 and I 've been on some form of BC since age 20. I had surgery 12/2012 for ovarian cysts, and ever since have been struggling with weight gain, pelvic bloating, and cramping that gets worse with each passing month. When I first tried this medication, I had little to no effects. But after about 4-6 months, I gained about 30 pounds. After two years, I 'm up to 40 extra pounds with no reason for it. I 'm constantly bloated, hungry and moody. Not to mention my libido is nonexisstent and I never want to be touched by my fiance. I 'm getting off this horrible medication and going on Sprintec this weekend.
Very similar to MS Contin before manufacturer added a second drug-release regulating feature to the matrix. I found that every 12 hours allowed too low a trough in between doses, so my dose was divided into thirds for a  every 8 hour schedule.  I continued to work throughout the titration and stayed productive for a decade. Now I 'm toast.  Any steady-state pain strategy will eventually change your body chemistry for ever, so it important to exhaust  all short-acting, prn &quot;as needed&quot; strategies first.  Be honest with your Doctor, it goes a long way.
I have tried the patch several times. However my problem with the patch is that when I perspire at work the patch no longer stay stuck to my skin and falls off. 
I have been on these meds for 6 weeks now. Started with one pill a day, then increased weekly to four pills a day. It has greatly helped with my pain. I 'm sleeping better at night and especially within the last week, have been able to go about life almost how I did prediagnosis. So for that part - I would recommend giving it a go. As for side effects, I 've been fortunate enough to not experience any type of stomach upset or headaches or anything like that. I have however been losing alot of hair. I can run my hand through very lightly, no tugging whatsoever, and end up with about 20 strands. I can run my hand through continually like this and the same thing happens. No pain from pulling, just falling out :( Choosing to tough it out for now
As far as birth control goes it works but I have had horrible headaches, monthly pains that I never had before, horrible mood swings and weight gain and very bloated. I 'm switching this week after my cycle.
I took the shot for 6 months, I had issues that I could tolerate.  Such as vision change, the injection would shot pain a crossed my lower back. Well it 's been 8 months since I had a shot took me 2 months before my period returned. I recently started experiencing pain in my belly button, vision was getting worse, mood swings, the end of April period was bad then 2 weeks later had another one. I was ready to have everthing removed, I had gave up hope of having a baby... So out of the blue I missed my period and now I 'm 5 weeks  PREGNANT! !!!!!!! I wish everyone good Luck and hang in there!!!!
I 've been taking Arava for 12 months or so now. It worked in the early days but now, I have quite severe pain and am looking at starting to take Infliximab along side the Arava.  With regards to side effects, none apart from the persistent, annoying tickly cough, which I 've had now for about 7 months.
I have taken Lo Loestrin 24 for about 2 months now. I have had migraines, nausea and fatigue non stop. I only had one very light period since I started this pill. I have had horrible face and body acne since I started Loestrin, I feel 16 again! I have had a significant appetite increase and mid section bloating. However I will continue with it one more month and see If my symptoms clear up
I was prescribed this at a low dose for various sleep problems associated with CFS/ME. Helps tremendously with remaining asleep (used to wake up 4-8 times a night) but basically completely useless aiding someone who has trouble getting to sleep - one of my main problems. Horrific and vivid nightmares frequently occurring since I 've been taking it &amp; v. dry mouth. Staying on it as GP very reluctant to give me anything stronger for my sleep unfortunately
This medicine helped me to fall asleep after a solid week without sleep. However, I did not stay asleep. Going to try Lunesta tonight.
I 've been on this 7 day 's and the side effects are not easy. Nausea, anxiety, sweating and hot flashes, dry mouth, plus headaches and dizziness. 
I 've read all these reviews and I completely disagree with them. My experience with Aviane has been nothing but negative.  I was on it for 2 months, I gained about 8lbs (and I 'm short, so that 's a ton of weight and a whole pant size), my mood swings were out of control, and my first period on it lasted for 8 days and my second is on day 6 right now.  If I wanted to have a period that lasted that long, I wouldn 't have started the pill to begin with. I 'm going back to Ortho Tri-Cyclen because I absolutely refuse to deal with the side effects.  I mean, granted, I haven 't had any cramps, but this weight gain and mood swings at the beginning of summer is a no go for me.
I was taking Levora for a year and a half and am now switching medication. Since I started taking it I am always tired even when I sleep great. I have had 4 yeast infections... ew. Lower sex drive/don 't self-lubricate and I 've gained about 50 pounds (although part of that could be bad diet; haven 't changed my diet though). Everyone 's different, and side effects aren 't horrible, but I would not recommend
I think that it helps with the schizoaffective disorder they put me on it 2 yrs ago &amp; now I don 't hear the louds as much as I did before.
Allegra stops the drainage and the annoying need to clear my throat (post nasal drainage). But I 'm dizzy these last couple weeks since I 've started it. I have a mild sore throat and headache, which I experienced previously when trying Allegra. I feel tired, nauseous and have had a strange tingling in my legs occur twice this week. I 'm thinking Allegra is not a good choice for me, despite its effectiveness.
I started this about a week ago and a few days afterwards I slightly felt like a new person. I could enjoy the weekend with my friends without worrying constantly about school or them judging me. Just yesterday the side effects began to kick in and now I feel back to my old self. I 'm even moodier and depressed.  I don 't stress as much though. I fall asleep very early at night (8-9 compared to never being able to sleep) but now I have been waking up around 4 or 5 and not being able to sleep. I have very vivid dreams. I also have been extremely thirsty.  My doctor said the side effects will even out. I 'm excited for them to just so that I can start living normally again. (female)
Highly recommend chilling the liquids and drinking through a straw. Sips of ginger ale in between. Took at 6 pm started working at 9:15. Triedeverything I could think of to get things going. Hot water with lemon juice finally got things moving.
It works very well for sinus pressure in my inner ears BUT it test positive for amphetamine if they use a dipstick. Do be careful when using it.
I 've been taking Effexor XR 37.5 mgs for 8 days &amp; the worse SEs are horrible fatigue &amp; sweats. The 1st day I was light-headed but that went away. I skipped today to see if I got withdrawal symptoms &amp; I did. Tomorrow I will go back on it. If the chronic fatigue continues I will have to figure which med to try next. For my depression to subside I would probably need a higher dosage but I don 't think I could handle the SEs. I know for some people it works well at 150 mgs but I could never tolerate that dose.
It certainly keeps it from being worse but still doesn 't nip it totally in the bud no matter how soon you take it.  I 'm grateful this last bout didn 't end up on the skin, but even though I took it within minutes of feeling just the tingling, it still sprouted. Could have been worse I guess. I am thankful I had it in stock.
I had Mirena put in after my second child. I don 't notice any of the side effects listed. The only thing I am worried about is anxiety. I 've been dealing with anxiety since what seems like when I had it put in. My periods are extremely light (panty liners only) but last more days than before having Mirena.
Was very disappointed with the opana 10E round peach pill. They did not help my pain at all. I have taken a 40 mg. before and they worked wonders. I took over my doctors dosage instructions after a while because it was not helping and I was in so much pain after my surgery. I ended up taking 5 within an hour and was still in pain and sick as a dog. So I just stopped taking them all together as they are very addictive and did NOT wont any addictions especially sense they were useless. Very DISAPPOINTED!
Worked good for first 3 days.  Then got severe side effects, breathing problems, vomiting, shaking.
I have been on this pill for only two weeks now.  I absolutely can not get full and I want to eat everything.  Before I got back on the pill I had been losing weight and could control my eating, but now I can 't get enough.  I have gained 4lbs in just 2 weeks.  My mood is terrible so far, unhappy and tearful most of the time.  I had taken this birth control years ago but I don 't remember having any problem then.
Trouble concentrating and some memory problems
I only took this drug for 4 days because the side effects for me were too much. The first day I was extremely restless. I woke up having a panic attack which has never happened to me before. Though I will say this one may be coincidence. Day two I noticed a drop in my visual acuity. It wasn 't too bothersome this day. But on day three it had declined in my right eye to the point where I had difficulty reading. When I closed my right eye everything seemed normal but when I closed my left eye everything was extremely blurry. I 've never had vision problems before and this was starting to effect my work. My eyes are very dry as well. Been off for four days and nothing 's changed but I expect that to take time.
When I first started taking Beyaz it was great. I had no problems but towards the end of the cycle I had terrible attitude, was very emotional, nauseous and too many headaches. Once my period was gone it came back a day after and it was light to medium. Very bad cramps. My appetite increased a lot more when I started. But everyone 's body is different and would react different to the pills.
My 15 year-old son has narcolepsy. Ritalin gave him nightmares, which he rarely had, and kept him awake half the night. Discontinued after 11 days.
I have recently begun taking Contrave.  I am looking to loose 10 to 15 pounds.  It 's not much to loose but to maintain it is the problem.  I 've probably lost the same 10 lbs, over and over again.  My Dr. said that 's the beauty of contrave, it helps in maintenance.  Day 3 into the program (1pill in the AM) I have begun to notice a decrease in the desire to eat. I tend to eat when I 'm bored and that 's my issue.  I have none of the side effects which so many mention. I will stick to my daily exercise, lots of water and healthy eating and hopefully begin seeing more positive results by the end of the week.
Helps some of the symptoms of mania and psychosis or hearing voices and such. Also helps with sleep which helps greatly when you are bipolar and in a manic and restless state. Overall I would have to say this medicine has helped the most of ALL the other medicines I have had to try so far.
I have written 2 reviews about hair loss suffered because of this drug. This website had posted the second review I wrote but it has since been taken down. Sounds like this website is getting paid by drug companies to skew the results. NOT HAPPY! Obviously you 're not going to post this. But you are ruining your own reputation by only posting certain reviews. It 's obvious to the public.
Loved this method of birth control at first. Used it for about 9 months took it out for two weeks and slowly fell into a depression (never been depressed in life). I have put it back in and hopefully will go back to normal until I can find a way to slowly remove the hormones from my body with out going cold turkey. It was great not having to remember to take a pill everyday but the side effects just aren 't worth it to me. 
Getting a lot of blisters on my top of my hands stop using this for a while and blisters disappear
I started taking Invokana about 2 weeks or so ago.  I have been Type 2 diabetes for 15 years.  Last year I had to start insulin in addition to the metformin ER and glimiperide I have been taking.  I have been trying desperately to lose weight too.  My doc let me go on phentermine 3 months ago, and I lost 12 lbs in 3 months.  I needed to lose 35-40 more.  My last A1C was 6.9, up from 6.6 the 3 months preceding.  So, doc told me about this new medicine.  She stopped my glimiperide and I still take 2000mg metformin ER (split am/pm) and she cut my insulin to 11 units am, 20units pm.  My sugars have gone up, fasting is now between 124-150 (whereas before they were 90-120), and 2 hrs after I 'm around 178. 
I liked it more than valproate since it doesn 't affect your weight.
I got the Implanon on September 3 2010 and so far I have had mood swings like crazy and had my period for 1 1/2 weeks (normal for me is 3 days) and spotting for another week. My libido has been revved up. So far I think it is okay...but with the whole libido boost and the constant unprotected sex...wondering how likely I am to get pregnant.
I had mild trouble sleeping and developed Raynaud 's after 2 years of taking this.
I have suffered from progressive neuropathy over the last 5 years to where it finally became intolerable, particularly in my feet and legs, and starting to spread to my arms and even my face. I now have a doctor who has prescribed Lyrica for me for the last 4 months. At a starting dose of 75mgs twice daily there was noticeable relief. Still hurting, however, my dosage was increased to 300 mgs twice daily which has successfully reduced the pain so that I am able to function at a higher level than I have experienced in years with minor side effects, the most annoying of which is sleepiness. I am grateful and relieved to have been introduced to Lyrica and to have insurance that will cover it as it is obscenely expensive.
I have only been using epiduo for a few days and I have already seen an improvement in my acne. However my face burns everytime I put it on, I 've tried to use moisturiser as my face is now extremely dry, but that hurt so much and made my face swell and go red! My face is so stiff and dry and hurts when I touch it! I have read these symptoms will go away so hopefully if I pursue I will see and improvement.
I 've sweated excessively since about 6th grade. I would always get comments on it, and I would avoid doing a lot of physical activity. But when I reached 9th grade and had gym everyday, I realized how embarrassing it was to be the only one covered in buckets of sweat. I was really self conscious about it until I saw a dermatologist. He prescribed Hypercare and it worked immediately after I started using it. After a few weeks though I noticed a lot of irritation, I had been following all instructions but my under arms were blood red. I saw the dermatologist again and he prescribed Xerac ac. It 's not as irritating but unfortunately less effective.
I have taken Victoza for about 6 weeks. Between the nausea, upper GI disturbances, including reflux and heartburn, the extreme flatulence and belching, and the resulting loss of sleep, I do not know how much longer I can stay on this medication. I had already begun losing weight prior to starting this, but the subsequent loss is quite dramatic, and glucose levels have remained stable. I would love to stay on this medication for the results, but the side effects have to improve.
I am 45 yrs old and started Contrave in November 2016.  I have lost 25lbs, which has been a wonderful and slow weight loss, but in the past month I have been experiencing severe heart flutters and dizzy spells.  I had an EKG during one of these spells and it came back abnormal, so now I am seeing a cardiologist.  Nothing else has changed in my life, and my PCP and Cardiologist are aware that I am on Contrave and have not suggested I stop the drug.  I have been to the ER once for an episode, and all labs came back great, I had another large episode last night, so I am going to stop the Contrave for two weeks, until I have to follow up with my cardiologist again to see if this makes a difference.
This medication does prevent pregnancy for me. It cleared my acne and made my periods lighter. However, it gave me mood swings, extremely sore nipples, high irritability, loss of sex drive and decreased my appetite. I 've been miserable. I don 't get cramps during my period but now during ovulation I get slight cramps. Every month I swear I 'm pregnant because of the side effects but I get my period. I 'm almost done with month 4 and I 'm thinking of stopping.
My doctor put me on Actos 6 months ago. I noticed swelling of legs and feet. The joints in my arms are aching daily. I also had a 23 pound weight gain and noticed headaches. But it has brought my sugar levels back under control. I didn 't know about the particular side effects. I am going to talk to my doctor about them and see if I can get a replacement.
Although I experienced immediate relief (able to urinate freely), I have experienced low stomach pain almost constantly. I also tire much easier since starting Uroxatral.
I took Seasonique for 2.5 years. I rated it as a 5 because it did it 's job in that I did not get pregnant. However, I have switched to a monthly pill now (Cryselle 28) because the side effects from this medication were awful. I had migraines at least once a week, I bled for a month straight during my second pack, I had breakouts periodically that I didn 't get before, my heart raced consistently (at least 3-4 times per week) and I gained 40 lbs in the past two years. I am a vegetarian and work out at least an hour a day so I know the weight gain was not due to my lifestyle. While I enjoyed having 4 periods per year once the medication caused me to stop bleeding, it was not worth the ensuing side effects.
I get really off-time periods and spot for weeks sometimes. I got it in October and it still happens. I was put on 10mg of Prozac to counter act the PMS, which is near psychotic even without the implant. I have the worst acne I 've had since I was 13. I 'm a skin picker too, so it blows. I also have chronic depression and the damn thing only adds to it. My boyfriend and I never use condoms because of latex allergies and I 'm childfree, so it 's doing one thing right, and that is all that matters... Unless you have mental issues, then it not so good. I 'll probably get it out before the end of the 3 years.
Only been on this about a month but I 'm not pregnant so that 's good! But in the beginning I did have diarrhea and abdominal pain I had very light spotting barely anything at all. I do believe this has made me gain some weight tho which I do not like but other than that I feel fine mentally!
At first I thought this was the best thing ever. For the first year and a half I had rare spotting but I gained about 15 pounds. I attributed my weight gain to my diet, but after the year and a half the bleeding became more frequent and I changed my diet and exercised. I 'm having it taken out early (about 6 months) because I am experiencing almost constant bleeding. It 's unbearable. I have gained nearly 35 pounds in two and a half years and it 's impossible to lose weight. I just keep gaining and spotting all the time. Everybody is different, but I would caution anyone planning on getting this form of birth control.
It dehydrates you like crazy and I could not drink enough liquids.  My throat got so dry it caused me to cough uncontrollably.  For the past 3 nights I could not sleep... Even took 10mg of Ambien which usually knocks me out cold.... But it didn 't work.  I just found this site and learned that my insomnia is caused by mucinex d.  Not worth the lack of sleep!
Overall no major side effects but I do think I 've gained weight. I am very active -strength train 5 days/week &amp; run 20km per week and eat quite healthy around 1500 calories/day and cannot shed this extra 10 lbs. I think it 's the Zarah. As far as acne goes, I have mild acne &amp; have not noticed an improvement.
I 'm supposed to take 900 mg 3x per day. However, because of the dopey side I 've cut it back to one 900 mg dosage at night.I 'm currently taking 30mg Norco, 20mg Zoloft and an anti-inflammatory @ one 10mg N in the morning w/the meloxicam. The rest at night. I also supplement with cannabis.This has been going on for 3 years. My pain is barely breached, unless it is a VERY nice day outside. When the weather changes, the pain is intolerable. Arthritis sucks.My pain is a result of extreme body use. Sports, Military and work options have beat me down.But the Zoloft and Gabapentin work well together and I can focus,(kind of.)
Acute migraine sumatriptan &amp; lyrica not helping after yrs of use. Zomig 5mg spray given . Frequent urination pressure on bladder constant (so unable to go out) Blood in urine? To Question with dr yet. Very heavy fatigue just random fall asleep .rapid heart beat Diffulty swallowing hurt . Bit of sore throat further dwn throat. Short lived chest pain traveled to chest bone left side when bedtime? Speech , foggy head , thinking worsened. Dizziness (was already experiencing) Still woke during night with bad head (so cannot use) But these are manageable because better than the migraine. Could it be possible to spray 1st dose and take 2nd evening hour or 2 before bed instead of 2hrs after the initial.Terrible after taste .
I got my skyla in July of 2015. I 'm 27 and have had my period for over a year. Every Dr. Continues to put me on different BC to make it stop but even now in November it hasn 't stopped more then a week or so.  I feel sex activates my bleeding for some reason and it gives me light cramps I don 't have them as bad as I used to though.  The inserting of the IUD was the worst experience.  I was on my period and already cramping so maybe that 's why it was like a nightmare to me. I hope it will stop after the 6 month mark but I am constantly in need of tampons and still haven 't stopped bleeding.  I don 't worry about birth control that 's the only good part of my experience.
Ive been on this for about a month, and the first week was great. But then I started to bleed heavily, and it hasn 't stopped for two weeks. I 've got bad back aches and terrible acne, as well as bloating. I 'm looking forward to switching off this and on to Lo Loestrin Fe.
Was in an unstable relationship and needed a preventative to avoid pregnancy. I went to my doctor and he suggested the Mirena. He explained that my periods might disappear for a while and it 's %99 effective so it was a go for me. Thankfully the insertion wasn 't very painful. Right afterwards I was told the bleeding and soreness was normal for the first several weeks. As told, the bleeding and pain eventually stopped but yeast infections, feminine odor, discharge and dryness became regular.  I also gained weight. The only good thing was that it was preventing pregnancy. After 2 years my relationship ended and I couldn 't wait to get it out. My doctor is awesome, explained that those side effects were normal and took it out.
I have been using Imitrex 5mg injections for several years as an emergency migraine  abortive. While it did instantly relieve the head pain and nausea, I had to then wait out 30-45 minutes of side effects. Those side effects were: upper jaw pain, and overall body aches (like when you have the flu) such as super sensitive skin, even my hair hurt. But for a long time this was the only option available to me through insurance, and the side effects were more bearable than the migraine. But recently the injection stopped working, and I ended up having to go to the ER. Now I have been given Zomig nasal spray. I have not had a reason to try it yet, but am worried about side effects.
Having been using this on and off since I 've bought it. I don 't know if it 's only me but it has made my overall skin VERY dry. I 'm not complaining since I have naturally oily skin. However it is extremely tight-feeling and unusual. It also stings ALOT if you have removed hair on the day ie threading. I haven 't noticed a difference on the thickness of my hair or any decrease in growth. After trading such positive reviews I do hope it works for myself and other women out there suffering! Really do wish this is the &quot;miracle&quot; cream it has been labelled since it was super expensive here in the UK
I have been on Citalopram 20mg for exactly two weeks now. Side effects I have been experiencing are nausea, nausea when yawning, constant yawning, appetite decrease (down 13 pounds), fatigue, flat affect (numb personality, expressionless face) and intense, deep negativity. I am taking Citalopram for severe anxiety and major depressive disorder. I had some suicidal ideations before starting the medication, but now it feels like my depression is on steroids.  I am working closely with my therapist who wants me to speak to my prescribing Doc about the dose. I am unsure of what to do at this point because I haven 't been on it long enough to experience the benefits. Mostly I am terrified of being locked up.
After quitting Anastrazole/Arimidex for five weeks and then starting it up again, I saw my oncologist. Told her the joint pain had disappeared completely while off the med and then started up again within a week after starting to take it again. Told her I was scared to stop taking it and she said it was completely up to me. Tamoxifen not quite as effective and has its own set of side affects. So, that concerns me.In a quandary and need to make a decision. Joint pain back to the near intolerable stage. Keep telling myself &quot;just a bad day&quot;, &quot;too much moving around&quot;, &quot;it will get better&quot; or &quot;I can take it&quot;. But don 't think I can. Will switchto the Tamoxifen. Keep u posted . God bless, Ladies.
I like Cialis better than this. Viagra takes little while to work for me that 's all.
Started taking Pristiq about 4 months ago. I am also taking 300 mg. of trazodone to go to sleep (horrible insomnia). I also take 5 mg of Xanax a day. I started off at 50 mg on the Pristiq but I wasn 't noticing anything different.  I still wanted to hide from everyone and not go to work or school. I now take 100mg of Pristiq and maybe it 's helping? I am smiling at people, I just hope it is not fake.
I 've used many other birth control pills in the past but experienced strange side effects from them, which lead me to try Loestrin 24. I tried Loestrin 24 a couple of years ago and absolutely loved it. It lightened my periods to about 2-3 days with hardly any painful cramping. I stopped taking it after a while when I couldn 't afford it. I recently began taking Loestrin 24 again and noticed acne in the first week of taking it, up and down mood swings, and I 'm about 5-6 days late on my period...which I am not really worried about since I 've experienced that side effect when I took this pill in the past. The only side effect that concerns me right now is this weird full/bloating feeling I get after I eat anything. 
I have been itching like anything dwon there for about 3-4 days now so my immediate assumption was that I had a yeast infection. I purchased Monistat and inserted it without any trouble or pain. About 45mins-1 hour in, my itch is now 10x worse than it was before. I sincerely hope it gets better because I do not know if I can handle it.
I had this in for about two months, at which point I started experiencing horrible headaches. I had a migraine once, too. This happened for about a week straight. That combined with the almost constant fatigue (two naps a day sometimes) made me decide to take it out. It also killed my sex drive, but I kind of expected that.
I have been on birth control for about 5 years but I had to switch brands due to Yaz being discontinued. I tried another brand at the beginning of the year with no luck. I 've been taking Trinessa for 2 months and I has been awful! I haven 't gotten pregnant which is a good thing but the side effects are extreme. I have gained about 5 lbs and I am bloated. I have had very bad cramps; they are so bad that my back even hurts. I have always suffered from migraines and they have been controlled but within the last week they have been awful. I am going to see my gyno next week to explore some other options. 
Switched from Ortho-Cyclen (Sprintec) bc of decrease in libido. Have trialed twice &amp; both times have had weight gain (10-15lbs), increased acne (I don 't normally break out), and uncontrollable emotions. I literally would cry all month long, not just the week before my period. I have been super irritable &amp; have unpredictable mood swings. After this month (the 3rd month of taking) I will be discontinuing &amp; attempting a non-hormonal contraceptive - as I am prone to depression &amp; this medication is junk.
I 'm currently taking 150mg seroquel XR along with 45mg Remeron for MDD I take them both at night, To help with my sleep. It also is to help my anxiety disorder. I 've noticed that I am less depressed and anxious, But that 's only because I 'm so depersonalised I can 't focus on my surroundings, Let alone my anxietyI constantly feel stuck in a dream-like state and I can 't focus. Even as I write this I 'm struggling to find the words,and describe how I feel, Because I don 't feel much of anything I haven 't had many other side effects, even when I drastically increased the dose All in all, It technically does help, But this is no way to live
I 've been in this pill for 6 months and it 's the worst. I get 2 periods a month, super emotional, terrible cramps and crazy mood swings. It 's good at preventing pregnancy but I definitely would not recommend.
I really wish I had read all these reviews before I started..I started taking Seasonique a little over a month ago. I absolutely LOVE the idea of rarely having periods. Seeing how when I do have them they are heavy for over a week normally. Except I have noticed a major change in myself. I cry over EVERYTHING and get angry over EVERYTHING I never used to be like this. I didn 't have too big of a sex drive before the pill but now its completely gone. I also recently have been getting terrible shooting pain in my stomach. 
Started the 60 mg tablet after breakfast today. Day 1 symptoms are slight nauseous feeling after eating. Some fatigue ( swam 1.5klm today at lunch) some stomach pain and yes some urine retention.Have taken Pristiq before 100mg symptoms were same but had bad itching with pristiq. Lets see what I feel like in 3 days I know the initial period is tough. Score at this point would be NA but I 've put 5 until more time progresses. will try to give update on Monday
I 'm 16, I had Nexplanon inserted on November 6th 2015. Since then, I 've been spotting every single day with only one week without spotting. I went back to my doctor on Dec 24th and she prescribed me the mini pill to help with the spotting. It did the opposite and only made me bleed more and made me very tired. I 'm stopping the mini pill and giving Nexplanon one more month before I get it removed.Other than the constant spotting, its effective in preventing pregnancy, stops period pain, and has a quick and non painful insertion.
Crying more often. Nervousness when hungry. Thinking about getting it removed soon. Bleeding for two weeks on and off.
I started taking Lexapro in April this year for anxiety/OCD and it did help a lot and I was able to function again. The two main side effects were weird vivid dreams and I have gained about 20 lbs which I cannot stand so I 'm now weaning myself off.  I 've been off for about 1 week and my mood has been so up and down. Very irritable. Also, have been having the weird brain zaps but now they are wearing off after about a week.
I have been on Beyaz for about 3 months and can 't figure out if I like it not. My obgyn prescribed it because I had acne, and my skin looks GREAT. Probably the best its looked in a while.  My sex drive hasn 't decreased at all, maybe even a little increased. But I did notice that I have an increased appetite and have gained a couple of pounds.  I get headaches sometimes too and night sweats. Maybe it will get better though, I 'll see!
Three months ago, because of paroxysmal afib and after wearing an event monitor,  I was put on both Flecainide (50 mg twice per day) and Metoprolol (50mg at night).  The original dose was Flecainide 100 mg twice per day, but when I told the cardiologist that I didn 't like the way it made me feel, he immediately said &quot;Well OK, just take half the amount each time&quot;, as though the difference wasn 't a big deal!  The Flecainide seems to be working, but instead of feeling better I am feeling progressively worse by the day.  Not sure whether Flecainide is to blame or the Metoprolol.  Feel I 'm in a dream most of the time, excessive daytime sleepiness, slight dizziness, memory problems, depression.  Hard to get hold of cardiologist.
I first got this BC when I was 16 got it removed at 19 I am now 22. This was my first BC ever and I have to say it was excellent as far as prevention. I had little to no periods throughout having it for the full 3 years. A lot others experienced at least 15lbs weight gain, however that wasn 't the case with me. I was 120lbs when I had it put it and than I blew up to 165lbs in first year and a half (no change in diet) I have no idea how that happened and than all of sudden I started to shed off the pounds in the last year of having it and went to 115lbs I don 't know what changed (still no change in diet) if anything I was eating more sugar but losing weight (WEIRD) I know.I plan on having another put in, in 6 weeks after delivering HOPING4BEST
Started taking Lyrica due to nerve damage suffered during surgery, 75mg twice a day. It provided relief for about 3 weeks, before pain returned. Have now been on 150mg twice a day for about 8 weeks - no pain, but the side effects are horrendous: dizziness, brain fog and worst of all is incontinence. So I now have to decide whether to reduce the dose and go back to having pain but no side effects, or be pain free but incontinent and out of it.
I am a 40 yr old female with heavy bleeding and painful ovarian cysts. My gyn recommended this pill. I almost completed my sample pack. I am on the 2ndbrown pill and awaiting my period. It makes me nervous when I don 't see my period. At least I am happy to read that I will see my period when I take the third brown pill. I have to say that the first month was rough. I had very bad headaches and I noticed I was very moody and even felt depressed. I did not experience any nausea or weight gain. I will stick it out for three months and see what will happen
Have tried this for several months at a time, about a year apart. I 'm 37 with 3 kids and more acne than when I was 15. It somewhat helps with NO drying, which is a nice change from most other topicals. BUT it totally bleaches out any fabrics your fingers or face come into contact with, even when I thought I was careful. My pillow cases are stained out from this, as are my towels. (Iits applied at night, hence the pillow). My bumpy face is smoother, but pimples still present, despite a thorough cleansing regimen with high-quality natural cleansers.
I have been taking Victoza 1.2mg for about a year along with 1000mg Metformin 2x per day. When I first started it I was on the 0.6mg dose and I had zero side effects but since upping to 1.2mg I have had constant nausea and very little appetite. I occasionally will get powerful sulfur burps followed by vomiting. The medicine does keep my sugar under control, my last A1C was 6.0. 
I 've been on low ogestrel since 2012 after getting a double oophorectomy done and I love it. A menstrual cycle once every 3 months is nice. Rarely have any random bleeding(only once since prescribed). The only issues I find with it is I 'm very dry and sexual intercourse isn 't fun anymore. I 'very also noticed a decline in sexual desire. I NEVER feel in the &quot;mood&quot; and I 'm 24, so this is making relationships difficult. Overall it 's a great birth control, but if you can 't get pregnant like me (due to no ovaries) I would ask your Dr for something more natural. Too many other cancer risks with this drug.
I have been on metropolol XL for 4 months and my hairdresser noticed 2 large alopecia (bald) spots....one on the back of my head and one that is pink and on top of my head. I have stopped it and have an appointment with a dermatologist next week. Am scared to death that more is going to fall out! Anybody else experience bald spots?
Was prescribed Clonidine last year after having umpteen hot flushes all day and through the night, my periods had stopped and they really helped, I felt great, slept well and back to &quot;my old self&quot; my periods started again 3 months ago and in the last 2 weeks the hot flushes are back with a vengence, I am on maximum dosage, really gutted as summer is upon us making them a million times worse, any advise or similar experiences would be very greatful for knowledge.
After reaching a plateau on Prozac, my doctor switched me to Paxil.  My dosage was increased several times, but I felt great while I was on it.  After about 18 months, I decided to quit taking it.  The effects of trying to quit this drug on your own are horrible:  extreme nausea and dizziness, headaches, inability to eat, all of which rapidly increased.  After 2 weeks, I had to resume taking it.  After speaking with at least three different doctors and many pharmacists, they advised me it would take at least a month to wean off the Paxil and onto a new anti-depressant.  It was a rough transition, but I am so glad to no longer be taking this medication.  I wish I had never started in the first place and hated feeling addicted to it.
I started taking this medicine in 2006. It works to take the pressure off my heart but it has caused me arthritis in my knees, hands and feet.  Now I am in pain most of the time.  My hands have developed arthritis in both thumbs, my feet have it in my toes.  I tried another Astra Zeneca product called Atacand and it works better but is so expensive I can 't afford to buy it.
I was excited about the prospect of having a birth control that I didn 't have to worry about for 3 years. However, that excited has turned into bitterness. 2 months in and I already want out. I can 't wait the 3 months like the other women on here.  I bleed all the time. My moodiness and sadness makes me so tired and irritable it 's affecting my relationship with my boyfriend. He sees an emotional increase and misses my fierce independence he fell for. Low sex drive and that leads to more moodiness. The weight gain along with the emotions makes me feel even worse and then leads to more sadness. I made an appointment to have this remove.
Thus  relieved the spasms about 75% compared to Ativan but it made me nauseated and I would gag trying to swallow them whether I crushed them or not,  and also I have to take 1000 to 1500 at one time to feel that 75% relief compared to just one MG of Ativan at bedtime .   Possibly because the Ativan worked so well and I always tested negative on random drug screens (use vs abuse)  I do not  like this medication because my muscle spasms  are so severe and I believe they are caused by my spine being so imperfect that only a true potent muscle relaxer works with me. Just an idea of the intensity of the spasms , they are so powerful my lungs can 't expand enough to catch my breath . Yes they relieve it but not enough to feel refreshed upon waken
I have was on the shot for 5 years. I got off In July of 2015. I have started bleeding uncontrollably for 3 days now. My camps are excruciating. Stopping the shot sucks. But being on the shot for 5 years were a great. I had no periods and it was easy.
I have been on Januvia for 3 weeks and my blood readings have been in the 170s or higher.  When I was on Actos my levels were 120 and below.  What am I doing wrong?  I have not lost any weight from my &quot;Actos days&quot; but I haven 't gained any weight either. 
My doctor recently prescribed Pristiq for me when I went to see him for help with my mood swings. After a rather nasty incident at a family dinner, I decided that I needed help. My family has put up with these swings for years, and sometimes I cry when alone.  I did not realize that I was suffering long term depression.  I am only on day four of taking this medication, and already I can feel a difference. I don 't feel as moody or down in the dumps.  I hope this effect continues, as my past self was breaking my family up. I do agree with other posts here that it decreases your appetite.  I do not feel like eating at all.  As for sleeping goes, I have always had a problem in this area due to being a shift worker. I take sleeping tablets.
I have been on Avapro for 5 months now at 300mg a day. I have had no side effects. But my blood pressure has now started to rise. The last two times it was at 177 over 128 and then 170 over 120. I now get very light headed when I stand up due to the high blood pressure. I don 't think it is good for me. Overall it worked for a while, but is no loner working for me.
I was a heavey IV user for 2 years have been in and out of treatmeant programs relasping every time.  My doctor who was prescribing me subs told me she had to cut me off because I could not pass urine analysis.  So basicallly she started telling me about this shot that she was getting trained on and could give me next week, the vivitrol shot.  She told me I needed to be at least 7 days clean before getting it otherwise I would have severe withdrawal.  Finally I manned up went in to see my doctor told her I couldn 't stay clean and that I had used the previous day but I wanted her to give me the shot anyway.  Got the shot by the time I got to the car iIwas in full out precipitated withdrawal. Day 4 feeling better just cant sleep at all.
I have been on a couple different types of birth control, and I have to say I like mononessa the least of all the ones I 've tried. I started taking Mononessa about two years ago when I graduated from high school,  because my insurance no longer covers the birth control I was previously on. My senior year of high school I weighed approximately 125 pounds, and now I 'm up to 155. I can 't say the weight gain is completely from the birth control, but I think it has mostly come from me switching. I am very moody, constantly hungry, and I feel as if I keep gaining weight. Other than that, I 've been taking birth control since I was 13 (so for 8 years now), and I have never had any major problems.
I had high hopes for this pill, after coming off the Depo shot, which I really liked. I have chronic migraines so many other birth control options are out of the question for me. On Nora-BE/Camila I experienced heartburn, breast tenderness and increased migraines. Also I had a complete menstrual cycle as well as spotting. Finally, I had a recurrent yeast infection, which may or may not have been related, but it certainly didn 't help. 
Originally I was prescribed this med for the nausea accompanying irritable bowel syndrome, because my nausea was debilitating. Zofran definitely took the edge off.  Now I have gastritis which causes nausea and pain. Unlike other patients, I do not get great relief. Sometimes it takes the edge off. Then I am able to eat and drink and be functional.But right now, the pain and nausea of the gastritis has trumped the med, I feel pooly.
Doxycycline worked pretty well clearing up my skin in the first couple months, but hasn 't been very effective recently. It has slowly lost effectiveness. I have dermatitis on my hands, heart burn, esophageal discomfort, and extreme sensitivity to the sun because of this.
This is my second time on the camrese lo. My first experience was pretty crappy. I started spotting the last week of the first pack and didnt stop spotting until the week before my period week. I had a easy light period whice was nice. I had my dr give me a script for something else just taking a normal 28 day cycle. My period was terrible though so i chose to try the camrese lo again. So far im in the third pack and no spotting. I think my body needed to re adjust or something from the mini pill i was on before. Either way im very happy with my results the second time around.
I was prescribed venlafaxine ~3 months ago for depression co-morbid with anxiety (mostly social in nature). During the first week side-effects included feeling &quot;strange&quot;/&quot;spaced out&quot; and jaw clenching. I still have mild anxiety &quot;jitteryness&quot;, some foul smelling flatulance(!) and limb twitching/achiness. I don 't really know if it has worked for depression so give it a modest rating. I do feel slightly better but I don 't know if I can credit the drugs because I made some significant lifestyle changes. As for anxiety, I do feel less hesitant in conversations and less obsessive over saying something &quot;awkward&quot;. I think this is because of the drugs, but unfortunately these social improvements haven 't really translated into improved confidence
I have had the Implanon birth control for almost 2 years now.  Ever since I have got it my sex drive has gone up, which is great, on the other hand though I bleed like crazy!  I will have a period for a week to 2 months sometimes.  Other times I will have my period then two weeks later have another one.  The bleeding is the only part that drives me insane.  I did gain a little bit of weight but it seems like most people always gain some weight when using a birth control.  Lately though,  I keep having thoughts and feelings that I am pregnant.  I don 't usually have cramps but the last 2 times I bled I was in severe pain.
The first year or so lamictal worked well for me. It took the edge off my hypomanic episodes and somewhat reduced the severity of my depressive episodes; however, the past year or so I have been experiencing lack of emotion, specifically noticed in my romantic relationships. I constantly feel as though the euphoric feeling had been halted and replaced with a content feeling. Coming from a hopeless romantic this is not the way I know I should be feeling. I 'm wondering if others are experiencing the same? Also memory loss, cheek redness, lack of coordination, and dizziness have increased since taking lamictal
At first this drug helped my pain...however prolonged use of this drug caused many terrible side effects.... Serious and Scary..confusion, dizzy spells, nausea, buzz noise in my head, anger ,hostility, distrust, clumsy, &amp; on &amp;on.......
Okay, so I started Yaz because I had really bad cystic acne that would not go away, no matter what I did, as well as irregular, heavy periods. So I went to my doctor and they put me on it.Did it work?Well, yes and no. My acne was worse than ever for a couple months, though it has pretty much gone away for good now. My periods are much lighter and regular, except for when I missed one. That didn 't end well.I am three months in now, but then I heard that in Canada alone, many people have died from thrombosis directly linked to the use of Yaz. As such, I am discontinuing it as of the end of this month. As great as it is for my acne to be gone...A miracle cure for pimples is something I 've decided isn 't worth my life.
The stinking smell! Ugh. After I apply this gel (which for me dries quickly),  I smell like I have women 's perfume on all day. The smell does not diminish. I mean what are they thinking? You make a product for men with low T and then some genius in the lab decides to add a feminine scent to it? I am sure they are having a good laugh over that one. That said, beside the Chanel No. 5 scent, I do feel better after taking it now for two weeks.  I have not had labs done yet, but I have noticed a change.  I am going to try and change to something else, however, my insurance company made me jump through hoops to get it, but I just can 't stand the smell.
I had tonsillitis And was prescribed amoxicillin worked almost immediately After I took the first 5 doses throat was cleared up after 2-3 days
I was on Loestrin FE for two years and loved it; then I found out I have a genetic predisposition to blood clots, and my doctor recommended switching to non-hormonal birth control. So I tried Paragard. The insertion was extremely painful, I cramped for a day, then was fine. And it has been absolutely 100% effective as birth control. But the side effects were debilitating. My periods, which were previously light for 5 days, became heavy for 7-8 days, with spotting for 4 days beforehand. My cramps severely intensified to the point of being unbearable, and I had two yeast infections in the two years I 've had it, compared to the none I had before. Again, it worked as birth control...but the side effects had a huge impact on my life.
I 've been on Tri-Sprintec for about 3 weeks now. It definitely has it 's pros and cons. First, I 'll start by saying that I was put on this pill for abnormal uterine bleeding which came with THE WORST cramps EVER. So, doc prescribed me this and my mood swings have gone, there 's no cramps, and the bleeding finally stopped after months. So, I 'm assuming it 's starting to regulate my cycle. BUT - I am experiencing the nausea and fatigue. I go to school FT and work FT so I seriously hope it ends, because I can 't afford to miss either of those important parts of my life. Overall, it does the job as far as the bleeding and mood swings are concerned, but may not be worth the side effects I 'm experiencing if they persist much longer.
I have tried both Diethylpropion and Phentermine. The Phentermine worked very well! I lost 40lbs with almost no exercise at all. But I experienced dry mouth and the jitters. On the downside I loved snacking and its usually after dinner or right before. I was taking 30 mg and I had NO cravings for anything! I loved it! So  I am now on the Diethylpropion 25 mg immediate release which is not cutting it and I talked to my Doctor and he increased the dosage to taking 50 mg a day and still not doing the trick just yet. So its my cravings that are bad especially around my cycle. I will be maybe trying the 75 mg.
No room to here get into my history of AF and flutter, so will make it short. Because of serious AF episode resulting in hospitalization, my cardiologist increased the Tambocor to 100 mg twice a day (had been on 50 twice a day for 3 or so years). Always had dizziness, shortness of breath and feeling unstable since taking this medication. However since increasing to the 200 mg a day, side effects increased and are getting worse. Just experienced the flashing lights today for first time. My search of flecainide and flashing lights brought me to this site. Thank you!  Will reduce dose again to 100mg a day until I can see cardiologist next Wednesday.
Well, the good thing is... I am not pregnant. Most of the side effects I was warned about were so uncommon, I was told not to worry. However, I think when that little green guy was implanted into my arm, it was also a one way ticket to the world 's largest Emotionally Unstable Rollercoaster.*spoilet alert: it 's not fun to ride.Before Nexplanon, I pretty much coasted the happy wave. Life is good and God is better. No dark clouds for miles, and my sunshine was so bright, it disintegrated anyone else 's dark and twistyness. But I stuck artificial hormones in my arm, and now sunny days are far and few in between. ESPECIALLY when I am on my period (which is about as predictable as my mood).In short... you probs won 't get pregnant. And. Yeah...
I got this birthcontrol twice, and let me tell you... SWITCH YOUR BIRTHCONTROL AFTER THE FIRST TIME. First time was in 2012-2015; first time experience was great, no period, no cramps, weight gain or weird pains, I couldn 't even feel it. I developed horrible acne but I got it under control and I got crazy of-the-wall mood swings that I didn 't realize I developed. 100% effective with me, times where I should have gotten pregnant it never happened not even a scare. Second time has been absolutely horrible. Mood swings went crazy, I got depression and anger issues. irregular periods that would come and go when ever it pleased shortest one lasted about a week and a half. Needless to say I got it removed not even a yr into it.
Worked great on my son, but side effect of restless leg syndrome made it too annoying for him to continue to take.
13 INJECTIONS SO FAR, my blood work looks better on some of my visits.  I have allergy like symptoms continually which are nuisance, runny nose, itchy eyes, etc.  I am sitting here in pain, and fibromyalgia aggravates everything.  I wish something would make me feel better completely.
First 3-5 months I felt good but after that it does not work.
I Was diagnosed with pcos roughly 5 months ago. I was given birth control to help regulate my period. 4 months after the diagnosis I started metformin the side effects are kicking my butt. I 'm nauseous,  I have the poops, and no appetite because I 'm nauseous.  The symptoms were starting to wear off then I started to take 2 a day. And I 'm not sure if I like it but I 'm going to stick it out and talk to my dr.
I have been on this pill for 7 or 8 months and I love the fact that I 'm not pregnant or I don 't have to worry about getting pregnant but I have horrible mood swings. I cry more than ever about the simplest things. I have also gained weight and when I work out I feel like it 's useless. I 've felt nauseous, even threw up a few times. Sometimes I get bad stomach pains. I 've felt dizzy and anxious before. I 'm seriously thinking about switching pills. 
I am torn about this particular pill, because in some ways it has really helped me. I have insomnia pretty bad and at times I just didn 't feel tired and would pull all nighters due to sleep onset insomnia. This pill helps me feel tired which is what I really needed. I have been sleeping really well. Another pro is that my periods are very light, short, and predictable. The biggest problem, however, is the weight gain! I gained 10 lbs that I cannot seem to lose despite counting every calorie that I eat and working out to the point of nearly killing myself. I get on the scale and the damn thing doesn 't budge. Also, sex drive is almost gone. Acne flares up still. I 'm not thrilled with this pill and will be switching.
I took it for the first few days(for pain) along with an antibiotic for a uti, and this med worked ok, I guess, but it made me ... So... Nauseous! Eating before did not prevent it. I had to deep breath through pursed lips for an hour or two after taking a pill 
I notice that every time I urinated it was burning real bad. It got to a point where I was also burning when I wasn 't urinating. I then requested a doctors appoint... Doctor had me take a urine test. I tested positive for chlamydia and was prescribed 4 pills for the STI. After 24 hours the burning feeling started to go away and so I thought everything was okay. I retested 1.5 month later instead of 2 weeks after. I still tested positive. My doctor had me come in that day and get a injection and then I was prescribed doxycycline mono 100 MG for 7 days. I 'm currently on the meds no side affects at all. I do notice that after 30 to 60 min of taking the meds I feel minor burning. I 'm still 4 day in. I 'll let you know what I test 2weeks from now
I 've only been on this medication for about 2 weeks. That said, I 've slept almost every day since starting it. I know sleepiness is a common side effect but this is excessive. Almost no energy throughout the day. Nonstop yawning. My depression is still there, anxiety has been better. I just feel very drained and apathetic. I 'll stick with it for a while longer because I know it will take a while for the full affect to kick in. hoping for good results!
I am not sure how many months I have been on this medication, but while I have been on it I have managed to gain almost 10 pounds. I do not feel like I over-eat either. The weight just seems to pile on.  I feel incredibly sleepy during the day.  So much so that on most days I take a long nap.  I have very little energy. My stomach seems to bloat out more. Otherwise I seem to be doing just fine, both mentally and physically.  So if you don 't mind being fat, lazy, and lifeless; but not crazy; this might just be the drug for you!
First of all let me start by saying I am extremely excited of the possibility of losing weight, but it just has not happened  as of yet. I started Belviq a week ago and yes, I have exercised but I gained three pounds. I can 't say it was totally me or the medicine so, I am going to watch everything closer this week. I took my students on a trip so we were walking up hill, down hill and on flat land for at least 10 hours a day. I hit well over 30,000 steps a day. The kicker is we also ate 3x a day for five days. I tried to modify my lunch by eating salads and smoothies only, but dinners were usually a little unhealthy with things like: pasta,fried chicken , pizza, etc... I did eat it although I tried to eat smaller portions.  Help!!!
I have been prescribed to take the metronidazole gel for 5 days. Day 1 was okay but as soon as day 2 hit, i had terrible stomach cramps and bloating. Day 4 came and I felt completely ill. Bad Chest pain, nausea, stomach ache, cramping, fatigue, sweaty, anxiety, irritable, runny nose, bad cough, sore throat AND back pain. As you can tell, it all felt like hell. I spent one night crying because it was so bad. I read up on it and a lot of people seem to have the same. I guess its like you got to walk through hell to get to the better side. I had my period while taking this, so far, i have no idea if it helped with the BV. Hopefully im good. Never am i taking this again! Everyone reacts differently, lucky me, i just got the worse end. Good luck
PROS: What I love about Falmina: I have no cramps, no spotting between periods, no heavy bleeding. Only 3 days of very light bleeding. last day I only wear a pantie liner.CON: As I was reading AS36 experience, I thought I was reading my own. Gained about 20lbs in less than 6 months while taking the Falmina. From a size 2-4 to 6, bra size 34B to 38D (hubby loves it).  I 've become very anxious and depressed. I got so crazy and suicidal, I had to see a Psy. he put me on depression meds (which maybe contribute to my weight gain). I remember that I experienced the emotional/mental issues while taking Yaz, that 's why I checked drugs.com. And bingo...
I am a new user with Pradaxa and have found the same digestive problems, severe acid reflux and heartburn. Also I have had bleeding ulcers twice so I 'm a bit concerned about that. However checked with my Doctor who told me to take pill after meals. I tried this, but also discovered the pills must be taken IMMEDIATELY after eating food (not snacks but full meals). I also use Ranitidine with the Pradaxa and found it works. Much more comfort, almost no heartburn, just a slight sensation. I haven 't had an INT test so at the moment I don 't know if my coagulation levels are okay. But I will do that soon. Overall I feel that using this new medicine I feel better, so I hope this will continue, its a bit early to make the final judgment.
So I got the copper coil fitted on the 22nd of May 2017 just a few days ago I am 25 and haven 't had any kids I decided to get a copper because my body doesn 't agree with hormones I must say insertion was the most painful experience of my life I nearly passed out but I didn 't take any painkillers or get my cervix softened before hand after that I was okay it 's been three days now and I 've only had slight cramping and n some brownish spotting I suffer severe GAD so was paranoid in getting this but it 's my only option I hope it all goes well for me no my body agrees with it will post back on a update in a few weeks I haven 't had sex with my partner yet and my period is due so see what happens fingers crossed this works out okay
I JUST STARTED TAKING SUBOXONE YESTERDAY AND I AM NOT FEELING AS BAD AS I WAS FOR THE PAST 2 WEEKS - GOING FROM 200MG METHADONE A DAY TO NONE.  I AM ONLY TAKING 1  SUBOXONE TABLET A DAY.  I AM HOPEFUL THAT THIS MEDICATION WILL HELP ME LIKE IT HAS HELPED Y ou ALL.
Thankfully my pain management doctor has found a combination of medications that has given me some relief from my chronic pain and I can have a better quality of life.
I was worried because an ingredient is lactose, and I am lactose intolerant, but the doc said it would be fine and it is. The problem is for an hour or so after taking it I get bad brain &quot;zaps&quot; and dizziness. Luckily no bad nausea or anything, but the zaps are bothersome and would keep me from driving. I only take 5mg at a time.This is unfortunate because I think it is helping my disorder (Functional esophageal dysphasia/dyspepsia)  it was prescribed for. I 've had a little less stomach pain and trouble swallowing on it.
I 've suffered from cluster tension headaches and migraines for years. My doctor prescribed me different kinds of things to deal with the pain, tramadol, codeine, diazepam and shots of voltaren, diclofenac and various other muscle relaxants.He then referred me to a psychiatrist to see if there was another cause for my headaches, as I suffer from serious anxiety problems.  The psych. thought it would be a good idea to run me through a gauntlet of antidepressants (sertraline, and venlafaxine to name a couple) none of which helped.  He then tried me on Amitriptyline, which didn 't really help me, but did make me gain weight, and feel extremely nauseous. Mirtazipine has helped me a lot better used with Temazepam at night and Clonazepam in the day
I had seen my doctor on Friday 2/24/2017, weighed myself and I immediately became depressed. Not knowing that I have gained so much weight over the past year. As of today, today this is my 5th day taking only one per day. I started a diet for myself and this is the longest I 've went without eating out. I don 't eat as much at all and I don 't have any cravings for what I use to eat. I drink lots of water per day and I 've started morning walks. I haven 't weighed myself yet cause I 'm afraid to see if I haven 't lost any weight so I 'm going to weigh once I hit my 1 month period which is 3/24/17. Wish me luck.
This is a wonder drug. If you suffer from any type of anxiety, especially PTSD, and depression, especially major depression, this drug will ease your symptoms to a minimal. This is a &quot;clean&quot; feeling drugs and works great.Now the bad side: this drug has way too many side effects to recommend to anyone that is not retired or hospitalized. Without adjunctive therapy with an atypical antipsychotic this drug will make you numb and turn you into the walking dead. Cloudy, foggy, and lethargic with memory issues are the main side effects associated with this drug. Further side effects include but are not limited to erectile dysfunction and the libido of a 90 year old man. Aside from these effects this is a super SSRI!
So the dr gave me some amox-clav 875 mg a week ago. I only took 3 that was enough to know I had a darn YI ,so I used some Monostat cream for the outside because of the itching. hwen I tell y&rsquo;all I was burning like anything -  I wanted to run through the house screaming for a fire hose to put the fire out 
I get urinary tract infections quite frequently, about 4 to 6 per year and I am always prescribed Levaquin. By the third dose I begin to feel better but I start getting the bad side effects, stomach upset, vomiting and diarrhea. It also makes me very fatigued.
I had surgery on my back in my lower lumbar for stoniness. I am on Valium and Hydrocodone/acetaminophen and the medicines seem to work during the day but when I get up in the morning I can 't feel my legs. I then take the medicines and about 30 min 's  later I 'm okay. I still have the pain in the day but not as bad. I am also having erectile dysfunction. I hope this will go away after healing of the back.
After going through my third manic episode I was prescribed 6mg of resperidal which immediately made me feel like an absolute zombie. I couldn 't think clearly, was extremely tired all of the time l, and was unhappy. Through the course of about 4 months my dosage is now 1 mg and I don 't feel the severe side effects. Good medicine in controlling the mania but in high dosages will make you feel like a zombie
Well I think that it has help with my anger. however not really my depression. People say I 'm a lot better but I 'm still down inside. Don 't really know if there is a real cure for depression.
I just started this about 2 months ago. I got it from Planned Parenthood after my abortion. They assured me I would not get pregnant on this pill after the first 7 days. I had a little nausea, and I do have fatigue, but my acne has been getting better. However, I just spent the last 5 weeks thinking I was pregnant due to changes in my breasts: veiny, areola enlargement, and literally they feel like two saggy water balloons instead of more firm like normal! This confused me as I 've only had this happen to my breasts when I was pregnant! It 's not going away and I am worried. I keep testing but my test says I 'm not pregnant. I really don 't like how they feel or look and I 'm not sure what to do about it. If I didn 't have that I 'd be happy!
I have severe panic attacks and slight depression, so my doc suggested Lexapro along with Xanax for the panic attacks. I was on 5mg of Escitalopram for about 2 months and still felt stressed.  My doc increased it to 10mg which I 've been on for months now.  I thought I was doing okay until I had a severe emotional breakdown this past weekend for 3 hours straight.  My doc just increased me to 20mg so I 'll check back in.  Side effects for me starting at 5mg have been extremely VIVID and sometimes crazy dreams, decrease in sex drive and inability to have an orgasm, and slight weight gain.
Sort of worked but I was sleeping all the time.  12 - 14 hours  per day and then could not move the rest of the day.  Had to stop after 10 days of being a zombie.
I am having bad  side effects: my eyes, my nervousness, my emotions iching, not sleeping and my balance. I am having a hard time with this medicine
When I started Zoloft I had tremors.  My initial dose was 100mg, but after a few months I still had issues with anger and sadness.  My dose was increased to 150 mg and I seemed to be doing better.  My sad thoughts went away.  I had no desire for sex at all.  I still felt like I could sleep all day and all night every day.  I just recently switched to Wellbutrin XL.  It was hard on me coming down from the Zoloft.  I became more sad, depressed, angry, hostile.  A couple of times I had suicidal thoughts (didn 't have before or while taking Zoloft).  Pros no weight gain with Zoloft.  Cons had to cut back on my caffeine, no sex drive at all, and just didn 't quite work good enough for me.
In a lower dose of 25mg it made it easier to wake up in the morning and increased my appetite but in the higher dose of 50mg I got headaches, lost my appetite, and my sleep got even more messed up.
I am at a advanced stage of Keracotonus and can no longer see out of one eye. My eye hurts considerablely every morning but the Lotemax drops help with pain. The only side effect I had was a mild rash on chin.
Just prescribed with this drug. I have had high blood pressure since 2004, no drugs have been able to lower it. Altace damn near killed me, my uvula was on my tongue. The doctors throw drugs at it but what is the cause? No one can tell me. Why do they think my calcium channels need to be blocked? Is that what is causing it? While on meds bp is consistently 190/113. Dec 24 2015 it was 204/142 on meds no headache.
The gyno put me on 8 mg estradiol for 3 days, then 4 mg which quickly brought my non existent estradiol levels back to normal and stopped the horrible joint pains and anxiety. I had to lower the dose to 2 mg and even that is making me very, very tired. It also caused muscle atrophy! I used to be very lean and athletic now my body is soft and fatty. But....I sleep better and feel very relaxed. I 'm 40 years old - and my hypothalamus doesn 't make enough hormones. In addition I take 50 mcg vaginal tablet once a week - it shrank my clitoris! I also take a small dose of testosterone but the estradiol seems to overpower that. My libido is still gone.
I 'm 23, never given birth, had it inserted 9/16. I have high pain tolerance, but the insertion was brutal and I nearly passed out. Horrible cramps and weakness the next few days. Although it 's effective, I almost got it removed in the first couple of months because of side effects: crazy mood swings, cramps, bloating, cravings, acne all over, spotting. Like puberty all over again. My doctor advised me to give it 6 months and see how I feel. 4 months in and the side effects are getting better, more noticeable around my period, which has become much lighter but longer. I went from a heavy 4-5 days on the pill to a very light 10-12. I 'm not sure if it 's a good trade, but I 'm going to wait and see if the hormones level out.
Gained excessive amounts of weight. Made me feel catatonic.
I have been on the pill for about 3 weeks now, everything has been going okay. I have less mood swings I 'm more calm and my sex drive has improved so that 's a plus. There are a few side effects I 've experienced though, my acne is breaking out again, I 've been having spotting and severe cramps, but I 'm going to finish my 3 months and see how it goes... hope this helps good luck ladies!
I started out on 1mg and have moved up to 5mg since having a recent mania with hallucinations. I 'm still feeling manic and hearing music and sirens with paranoia. I wish my stability had returned with the steep increase in dose. I 'm giving this only a 5 because I don 't know yet if it 's going to work for me.
Started taking it for sleep and it works like a charm. Big problem? I knew I was packing on the pounds due to winter, etc., but was mortified when I went to the doctor today and got weighed. Twenty pounds in 3 months? I 'm don 't want to stop taking it, so I 'm trying to break 15 mg. tabs in half. I can say that I will HAVE to find an alternative if that doesn 't do the trick. The weight gain far outweighs any benefits I 've gotten.
This drug causes persistent nausea in some users as per their website. For most people it goes away after a few weeks--but not all. Initially I was also itchy and a little weepy (went away after 2 weeks). If you have a history of being unusually nausea prone (ie pregnancy) in my experience you may wind up in the persistent nausea group. I will have to switch as I don 't want to be chained to zofran. Otherwise, worked fine as an alternative to paxil. Fewer side effects--unfortunately the one side effect it did cause is pretty debilitating in my case!
This is one of three new drugs I was put on recently: Zyprexa as a &quot;take when needed&quot; at the hospital along with Remeron &quot;as a sleep aid&quot; and Risperdal &quot;for psychotic moments&quot;. I was kept on Tegretol and Vistaril also. I have gained 15 pounds in two weeks. I am not sure if it 's the Zyprexa or the other two newbies (I know that they also cause weight gain). I do feel better but not good yet. The effect of having constant munchie-madness is annoying, as I know I am not really hungry but cannot stop. I do have eating disorders and this is dangerous. It 's bad enough to have to work on all these personality and mood issues, but now I have to monitor my food like I used to when I was fat.
I took the medicine version of dulcolax, at around 8pm, and I have found it works ALOT better than the tablets do! I woke up at 5am with severe abdominal pains and really was in agony, but I 'm managed to go to the toilet and feel a lot better, a bit sick though. I 'm rating it a 5 because yes it does the job, but the pain can get unbearable and I 'm only 16, go to your doctor and ask him for painkillers to go along with the tablets, he gave me a special kind that matched the kind of laxative, only problem was they didn 't agree with me and made me throw up, may be different for others tho!!
While under this medication I have experienced very weird side effects including the fact that I &quot;sleep dial&quot;. By which I mean I dial my phone and call people in my sleep. Weird, and it only happens when I take the pill before bed.
I think its a double edged sword, apparently I had some stomach flu or food poisoning, Symptoms were heartburn gas bloating and constipation. Took a few tablespoons of MOM. It did help with the constipation and gas,  initially, unfortunately the side effects are gas and nausea. I have experienced gas and nausea from magnesium supplements before. So while it did help with my condition, I don 't think overall its worthwhile for gas and heartburn, as it can irritate the stomach! At least mine anyway.
Very effective related to dryness but stopped when urethra opening turned black.
I have been taking Amlodipine (Norvasc) for about 2 months.Norvasc (Amlodipine Besylate 5 mg) did lower my blood pressure from 150 's over 80 's to 120 's over 60 's.  That 's great.  Problem is with side effects every day.  Intestinal cramps, diarrhea, gas. Begins about 5 hours after I take the pill.  Stomach (intestines ?) roll constantly for about 3 hours. I am going to try splitting the pills in half and see if lower dosage stops the side effects.  If not, I guess I 'll go back to the doctor and try something else for blood pressure.  It seems like all of these blood pressure pills have side effects of one kind or another.
I have been on these for 2 months now for sleep and depression. I 'm on 15mg. Has slightly helped my mood but hasn 't helped my sleep other than making me feel drowsy in the day. Seems to work in the day but not when I take at night. 
I was prescribed Macrobid for a bladder infection on a Friday. I took the first dose that evening after dinner. I woke up Saturday morning feeling fine, took another dose, and it went downhill from there. We went out for breakfast, and the fun began, nausea, chills, etc. I had to go home and get in bed for the remainder of the day. I had a fever of 101.3. I had a terrible headache, joint pain etc. On Sunday, I was so freaked, my husband took me to an urgent care clinic. I was told that it wasn 't the Macrobid, but that my bladder infection had become systemic. Baloney. I would wake up and feel fine, take the medication with milk, and whammo! Down for the count. I am now on day 5, and finally went to work today. Totally felt hungover.
I had a lot more thoughts than usual. Thoughts weren 't so bad. I still felt gloomy and stressed. But horrible withdrawal effects. Upset stomach, headache, nausea.
When I first started taking Opana original formula I was overjoyed. Finally a medication that relieved my pain. Then the new formula came out and I literally cried. Why did you change a medication that worked so well? I realize that you 're trying to make your medication abuse proof, but you did so at the expense of the legitimate Opana users who take the medication as prescribed. The new formula gives me no where near the relief of the old formula and it also takes twice as long to work. 
I was doing just fine after increasing to 150mg about a year ago, but for some reason the last 4-6 month have started dreaming about the past that makes me wake up at least once or twice at night. Just don 't seem to get great sleep anymore. I went up to 150mg because 100mg just wasn 't helping enough, but now I don 't know what to do. Dreams maybe a link of when and why my depression and social anxiety began.  I can 't figure out if this is a good thing or not. Am now going down to 100 again to see if dreams become less frequent or not. I just don 't know if any other medication will work.
I found this medicine relieved my pain very well.  I was taking 75 mg twice a day and this did me very well.  Except I had a side effect that caused me concern.  I gained 25 pounds and could not lose this weight.  Gaining weight is not good when you suffer arthritis.  Until I was taken off this drug I could not lose weight and kept gaining.  When I was off it I lost 5 pounds in one month and now have lost 20 of the 25 I gained.  
I am being treated for a urinary tract infection (UTI), after Septra didn 't work, my doctor put me on Cipro. I have more side effects from this then the other medication. Hopefully this will kick the UTI.
Was on it for a month, to no avail. 5* rating because I had no side effects, but it did not help either.
Today was my first day on mydayis 50mg. I was taking vyvanse 50mg but it was only helping for about 4-5 hours then wearing off. Today I could really tell the difference in my concentration/ focus and my energy; it was much better. I did however feel tired about an hour to two hrs after taking it but then got  motivation after that for the remainder of the day. Like I said my focus was better I wasn&rsquo;t running around my house like a crazy woman starting a ton of tasks and finishing none. I was able to get things accomplished pretty easily today. I am remaining hopeful that mydayis will continue to work for me.
I am still having Raynaud 's attacks, but this medication helps me recover faster from my attacks.  Unfortunately it gives me horrible headaches but I have to outweigh the good to the bad, and this medicine is helping me.
Had Mirena twice. First time it rejected, 2nd time I had it in for 2 years. Insertion was painful, they manually opened my cervix to place it. Hurt so bad. Was depressed, mood swings, no sex drive, painful sex, cyst on ovaries, it migrated and was extremely painful being removed. Cant forget hair loss, lost a ton of hair! Came out in clumps... but never had a period!
I took methadone for 2 years and finally had to give it up. Yes, it was effective against the pain but, I 'd gained 40 pounds, very lethargic for 3-4 hours after dose, developed uncontrollable jerking of my extremities, difficulty urinating (I am talking hours being unable to urinate), break out in sweats after taking medicine, constipation, severe nausea and occasional vomiting with taking the medicine, didn 't matter if I had eaten or not, and finally confusion for weeks when first starting. Yes, my Dr. was aware of this all along the way and would have kept me on it, but I couldn 't take it any more. Now, back to more conventional treatment options. I had so hoped the methadone would be the long term answer to my pain and it DID help BUT.
I have very moderate/sporadic acne (primarily hormonal). My derm prescribed Aczone as more of a preventative treatment for those hormonal flare ups. At first, it appeared as though Aczone was helping the few pimples I had on my chin and T-zone, however, tt ended up clogging my pores really badly (cheeks and forehead). I stuck it out for 2 weeks, using as prescribed, and ultimately had to ditch it. Sad because I really wanted to love Aczone!
I been taken Actos 30mg since a year from now and my sugar lever went down but not enough, then my doctor changed it to 45mg. Is great for my sugar level but my legs, feet and ankle can not handle it ss too much swelling.
Im taking 200 mgs every night at bedtime,, only time it works is when im laying down with pillows between legs,, the docs cant figure out why im swelling and its been going on for years,, so frustrated and half the time the medicine does not work ,, i felt so alone in this and really started to think im going crazy,, top all ive had a massive weight gain since last baby was born and it took nearly a year to heal from csection between packing the incision for months to wearing a vacuum for the last months,,then opted to have a third surgery on ankle hoping i could get the swelling down and walk better butt now its 100 x worse since the fusion and i ballooned up,, i feel beatin down and hopeless and sad thing is nobody cares, , living day to
I was diagnosed with RA in October 2010 and have been on Plaquenil (200mg 2x/day) and Celebrex (200mg/day) for 3 months now.  I 've noticed a slight improvement in my hands and fingers as far as morning/evening swelling goes but the stiffness and pain still persist.  I go back to see the RA doc next week and am hoping he can either increase the dose or add something else to the mix because I 'm still not feeling all that great.
I got the skyla placed about 5 days ago. The first time we tried, my cervix wouldn 't dilate enough to be placed, so I had to see another dr that injected my cervix with a drug that dilated my cervix  enough. It was very painful for me. I felt 3 or four sharp pinches and the usually bad period cramps. For the first 15 minutes after I was so light headed that I had to put cold water on my face and sit down. Had bad period cramps and light spotting for the rest of the day. Still have some spotting and cramping 5 days later. I haven 't had sex since so can 't comment on how effective it is, but wanted to give me experience with insertion. Although it was rough for me, I would suggest it to anyone that wants long term bc
I started the pill 3 weeks ago I 'm about to begin the 4th week tomorrow, I 've experienced breast tenderness since the first pill I 've taken and it 's been inconsistent and hasn 't stopped yet, normally I 'd just have breast soreness the week of my period then it would stop but when I took the pill it hasn 't stopped, i did get acne the first week but it cleared up, I have noticed some mood swing change as i got closer to the 2 green pills, but I normally pms the week before my period, it seems as tho my patience is a lot thinner now though then it was before, I 'm nervous for the yellow pills because my periods weren 't ever bad before and I 'm afraid there gonna be longer or something but i hope not. Overall i like the pill and would recommend it
I have been on Beyaz for about 3 months and can 't figure out if I like it not. My obgyn prescribed it because I had acne, and my skin looks GREAT. Probably the best its looked in a while.  My sex drive hasn 't decreased at all, maybe even a little increased. But I did notice that I have an increased appetite and have gained a couple of pounds.  I get headaches sometimes too and night sweats. Maybe it will get better though, I 'll see!
I took this drug for a couple years. At first I was very tired all the time but that passed. It did help with the anxiety for the first 6 months or so but I always had the brain zaps everyone talks about. They were very frustrating and after the 6 months it was not effective. I didn 't like the way I felt and quit taking it.
I took Quetiapine (Seroquel) for a little over a year. The pro 's of this medication are that it helps me sleep and seems to tackle bipolar depression quite nicely. It also seems to make me less volatile and capricious. The con 's unfortunately became too much. I gained over 50 pounds during my time on the drug, my blood pressure sky-rocketed and no amount of healthy eating or exercise helped me lose weight and keep it off. I have the appetite of a racehorse when I take it in the evening and my binging became dangerous. I also sustained a number of injuries to my legs and feet because my body couldn 't keep up with the rapid weight gain during exercise. It 's a good med, but be mindful that it causes weight gain!
This medicine helped with the fast heart rate but caused impotence. No other side effects were noticed.
My eye pressure was up in the 40s and Dr. gave me 1 pill only to help get it down. About 20 mins later I started  feeling numbness all over my legs, arms, nose and upper lip. It was annoying but not painful. I was needing to pee very often and was super low energy the rest of the day. Glad I only had to take the 1 pill. It  only slightly helped the eye  pressure issue.
I started Yasmin three months ago after having the implanon( contraceptive implant) for about 5 years. I switched over because I had started to experience irregular bleeding and just to mention because a lot of women worry about weight, on that contraception I was both oversight and underweight at different times just due to my eating and lifestyle ( don 't think contraception made a difference) so far my experience of Yasmin has been good, I never had  'acne ' but I swear overnight and since starting it I have not had one more pimple and skin has just felt a lot nicer( not too dry not too oily) I had the initial nausea for about 2 or 3 days and the occasional breast tenderness but hey that 's to be expected when you are changing your hormones?
This worked....I didn 't have any side effects.
I 've taking viread for 8 months now and my viral count has down significantly but side effects are lethargic, stomach discomfort, muscle weakness and the worst is my lower back. I was wondering whether my kidneys can 't handle the medication.
I 've tried many anti-psychotics and this one seems to have a good effect.
I got on the pill to help with acne and cramps. I originally got on Sprintec, which to my understanding is the generic form of Ortho Cyclen. My pharmacy started giving me ortho cyclen because it was free with my insurance and sprintec was not. However, when I got on ortho cyclen I noticed a considerable weight gain and my acne got really really bad. It did not work well for me so I got right back on Sprintec.
Started taking this medication 3 days ago for strep, didn 't even know I could still get strep after getting my tonsils out 15 years ago. I 've been sick for just over a month and wasn 't getting any better. I take absolutely no medications but I just couldn 't take being sick anymore. The fever, chills, aches, are gone. Throat is still scratching if I talk to much, sinuses are still completely plugged and runny nose is still present. My Dr prescribed Biaxin for 10 days so fingers crossed this continues to work!
I am quitting Yaz after 9 months of taking the pill. Before I started taking yaz, I had no problems with lubrication during sex, or swelling afterwards. I had a healthy libido, and I didn 't really think that BC could change that. Well, I sure was wrong.It was extremely hard for me to get aroused and when I did, there just wasn 't enough lubrication in order to have painless sex. Even when we used lube, I would experience painful swelling which would last for several days straight.  The only positive side was that my face cleared up, but I 'm honestly better off Yaz.
Today is my first day taking phentermine.  I am 41, weight 213 and I 'm 5 '5&quot; tall.  I 've been huge now for a couple years, and I just keep getting bigger. The doctor said for me to take 1/2 of a 37.5 tablet for 4 days, and then increase to a full tablet each day.  I took 1/2 of a 37.5 mcg today.  I do feel a bit lit up, but not overly so.  I purposely haven 't had caffeine because I have anxiety and too much caffeine really irritates me.  I don 't like feeling sprung so I don 't plan to have caffeine as long as I 'm taking it. I do feel a little bit out of sorts, though.  Not really dizzy, per se, but kind of dazed.
I had the paragraph inserted 2 years ago. I liked the idea of hormone free birth control. My periods were heavier the first six months but nothing I couldn 't handle. After having paragard for two years I developed what I thought were yeast infections. I treated myself wth OTC meds .  But it just didn 't seem to go away. Went to the doctor and found I have bacterial vaginosis. It is an absolute nightmare! Burning, itching and discomfort in the vagina  that makes daily life miserable and sex life non-existent. Luckily I didn 't have the horrible fishy smell other women complain of. Dr told me it is a common problem with paragard because it changes the ph balance in the vagina. After one week of antibiotics symptoms still not gone. Removing IUD
I got my nexplanon in Apirl 20th, 2014, I 've had it for more than a year. Yesterday, I got my period for the first time since i have gotten it. I was so happy to not have a period, and now after more than a year I have gotten one, it makes me really frustrated and upset. With this birth control, I have noticed a lot of mood swings. where one minute I 'll be perfectly fine, than the next minute I 'll notice something thats out of place and freak out, so I feel like I 'm crazy. I have gained weight from this birth control, which is whatever, but it sucks not fitting into my pants anymore. I honestly don 't think i 'm going to be going back on the nexplanon train due to the fact that my period came from no where.
Had mierna for about 6 months. Was told that it would help my cysts disappear and it had little to no side effects. It was a great thing being that i got pregant with my son while on the pill. This was 5 years, check string, no periods, and all that. Well starting 2 months after having it in which would be july 2015 i started experiencing pain in my lower abdomen, back and my left leg/foot. It wasnt bad then every month from july 2015 until this month nov 2015 i was in more and more pain. No doctor could explain why. Finally decided to have it removed a few days ago. Best decision i made because the same day i started feeling better. All the pain was going away or gone. It 's a good form of birth control but isnt for every women.
Worked very good the first time I was prescribed it, was taken off it and 5 years later represcribed. It did little to lower my hypertension on the second round. Little side effects, maybe coughing a little more, that 's about it. It was okay the first time but failed on the second.
I just started 2 months ago I 'm entering my 3rd month today but I can say that it 's going okay so far considering that I have tried other birth control and they were awful but so far my two periods have been light between 2-3 days light cramping so that a plus I also feel more tired been sleeping extra hours but the birth control seems to be working in going to keep trying it and see how it keeps working . And about acne before I started this birth control I had blackheads , whitehead and I would get a few pimples it hasn 't changed much some days I notice my face looks cleaner with less acne than others but I never really have had a lot of acne .
I have used this before and it works but prefer something different. Chilling and heavy dose of Vaseline are things I did this time that made experience easier. I found holding your nose and drinking it as quickly as you can the best approach for me.This seems to work very rapidly for some and drag on for others. I had the first BM  2:45 hours after starting and it drug on for over five hours . My doctor said take morning dosage 5 hours before appointment time. I would give minimum of 5 hours before leaving for appointment unless you want to risk a miserable car ride hoping you make it.
I have only had this medicine twice. The first time was without reaction.  The second time however, I did experience trembling, weakness, especially in my legs, anxiety, and an itchy rash on my forearms.  Not pleasant at all!
This is almost my second month on this pill. I am 19 so this is the first bc pill I 've ever taken. The doctor suggested it because I did have painful cramps that were regular she said that should disappear. However I bled 17 days on the pill the first month. Pretty emotional roller coaster, nauseas. Besides that I haven 't had any signs of weight gain or acne, etc. I was terrified at some of the reviews but I haven 't became pregnant. Hopefully I will have a lighter cycle sooner or later so the bleeding could stop !! If not will try to switch to a different pill (:
At first the diclegis seemed to work somewhat. I was no longer vomiting though I was still gagging at times but I was glad to be able to keep my food down. However now I 'm on my 2nd trimester at nearly 14 weeks and taking 3 a day and the nausea is on and off all day, the gagging is intense, and  I have even thrown up a few times. I 'm not sure what is going on, the doctor even took me off my prenatals to help the nausea and nothing seems to work. I was planing on decreasing my dose soon and getting off the medication as I 'm still skeptical and concerned on the long term affects it could have on my baby. This medication also makes me very sleepy all day. Makes it really hard to wake up at 5am for work.
All was good until week four. Then nausea appeared. Read a post on here to take Bonine prior to taking contrave.  It works! No nausea. I am down 5.5 lbs and that is really good for me. I eat only healthy and exercise at least 4 times per week.
I was perscribed this medicine to treat BV, I was told to take 5 400mg pills in one dose, this sounded wrong to me so I decided to have a look online and wished I never! I saw people sharing stories of really horrible side effects such as headache, dizzy spells and vomiting, being emetophobia this really worried me and I was debating if I 'd even take the pills! Eventually decided to take them &amp; as instructed, on a full stomach,with a large glass of water at night. They did taste a bit horrible but nothing as bad as I 'd read, once I 'd taken them the taste was gone ,I didn 't have any dizziness or nausea, nothing, absolutely fine. I think some people have exaggerated their side effects majorly!
Today marks the end of Week 5 since I started Epiduo Forte. My skin has always been acne prone; but, after dealing with a lot of stress and depression this fall, my skin suffered the worst breakout I 've ever experienced. Tiny clusters of small inflamed whiteheads constantly covered my smile lines and inner cheeks, I always had at least 2-3 small cystic bumps, and my skin was extremely congested.I 'm holding out hope that Epiduo pays off, but it 's Day 36 and my skin is as bad if not worse. The purging has been unbareable at times -- my left jawline broke out into this red mountain of cystic acne around Week 3 and it 's only starting to subside, and my tiny whiteheads still show up every few days. I 'm giving it through Week 12...
Hi,  I had a Naltrexone implant inserted three days ago after being alcohol free for 7days. Half an hour after insertion I began to experience diarrhea then extreme coldness and went to bed thinking I 'd contracted gastro.  Four hours later severe stomach pains ... for those experiencing these severe spasms I can suggest Imodium it certainly stopped the cramps.  It 's now day three, I 'm still not myself, still tired but feeling content; no cravings for alcohol or chocolate or coffee;  small appetite!  Feel like I did when I was pregnant 22 years ago ! slightly nauseated all the time couldn 't touch coffee, tea or alcohol.   Very few people talk about severe stomach cramps as a side effect and wanted to be able to suggest the Imodium.
My wisdom tooth crumbled out last week so being referred to get 4 out. In mean time dentist thinks this has caused an infection. I 'm in agony on that side of my mouth hurts to swallow etc. Prescribed 7 day course of metronidazole I 'm onto the 6th day today and I 'm still in agony and having to take painkillers through the night I wish it would go away!  I also have severe ulcerative colitis so I 'm on a mixture of meds. These have made me ill since first day I actually nearly fainted Saturday. Slurring my words shaking and hot/feeling sick. Does awful things to your jaw and makes an awful taste.  Personally haven 't worked for me I 'm allergic to penicillin so this was the best option.
My pharmacy switched me over to this from Ortho Tri Cyclen Lo, and this is the worst thing I have ever taken. At first I was experiencing spotting immediately after being an hour late of taking my pill. It was so bad the first month I spotted for a week and then got my period the next with horrible cramps and headaches. I have been on it for 3 months now and I have spotted every month.  This month I got my period for two days over a week before I was supposed to. In addition to this, I have been experiencing crazy anger &amp; mood swings for the first time. To the point where I got mad at my boyfriend for trying to plan a vacation with me and then cried immediately afterwards. I have also had some pain in my ovaries and broke out more than ever.
I have IBS-D, I 've tried with different drugs, Xifaxan included, but anything helps me too much.During the first month of taking Viberzi 100mg. my symptoms changed dramatically (in a good way), I started being able to eat different food, included some of the ones that I used to avoid (chocolate, burgers, etc), just felt bloated and had more gas.But I have to say that after the first month, the effect is declining and now (3th month) is helping a little..So, better than in the past, but not as helpfull as it was at the begining.Does anyone felling the same about the declining effect??
No bad side effects, but minimal pain relief in lower back.  I did notice lowered tension in shoulders and it felt a lot like Flexaril. Flexaril really causes some bad side efffects for me. Skelaxin had no side effects that I noticed, just not right for my condition. I 'll give it credit for lowering general muscular tension though.
I 've had neuropathy for around 8 months. My first dose of Neurontin (300mg) made me feel very &quot;loopy&quot; for several hours. So loopy that I only took 150mg 1x a day for the next two weeks. I had a couple of good days on it and sometimes the medicines took the edge off my pain. But it didn 't take the pain away fully and made me extremely moody and act out of character. I have two genetic diseases that makes me sensitive to medication so that might be why Neurontin was not effective for me.
My problem started with severe uvetis/iritis (inflammation of the iris) for which I was under a eye specialist care. This went on for almost 3 yrs before the Dr was able to get it under control. I lost a lot of vision the the left eye (it was in both eyes). Eventually I became aware that I had tested positive for Lyme disease in 2005 but was never treated for it. I continued to have severe pain around the left eye that was incapacitating. I finally found a Lyme Dr. after much pain, agony, &amp; suffering. I was told I had trigemial neuropathy in my left eye. I was given carbamazepine 100mg x2 per day. I have only been taking it prn but after reading other peoples experience I believe I need to take it every day to get the full effect . Thank Yo
I am 18 years old and my dermatologist prescribed Trinessa for acne, I have taken it for 3 months. I have experienced pretty much every side effect on the list. I feel nauseous for every day on the first week of the pack and on most other days too! I have only gained a few pounds because of the extreme increase in appetite, but I 've lost the weight since. My breasts have grown a whole cup size even though I was already a D. And my breasts are always sore to the touch. I have occasional mood swings that make me very sad at times. On the bright side, my acne has gotten significantly better and my hair is shiny and grows really fast! Also my insurance completely covers it, it is literally $0! That 's a plus as well!
Everyone 's differvent but for me personally. 26 year old, 160 pounds, sorta in shape. I felt permanently hung over with a metallic taste in my mouth. Lack of sleep as week really hit me. Try to stay active or entertained. Take time off work if you can. After a while everything feels like a dream
I started Victoza just over 3 weeks ago and I have had no side effects whatsoever.  I feel great and am losing weight, and for the first time in my life I 've experienced feeling full and satisfied.  I 've never had that feeling before.  I 've felt full (after eating much more than when on this drug) but never satisfied.  It was a remarkable feeling.  I 've had a great experience and I hope to continue as I 've a lot to lose.  However, I do fear the potential for pancreatic cancer and will do more research on this.
I was using the birth control ring for 5+ years.  In May, 2016 I switched to the Ortho Evra patch. I was given the Xulane birth control patch, the generic form of Ortho Evra. I 've not had a single problem. . .  UNTIL NOW!  The first week of March I put a new patch on my lower abdomen. Within 6-8 hours I had a raised, burning, itchy rash under the patch.  I 'd never had this problem before no matter where I place the patch. I removed that patch and put a new patch on my upper shoulder. Within 5 hours another raised, itchy burning rash under the patch. I removed that patch. Now I have two square raised, red, burning, itchy rash spots!!  Needless to say I have to stop Xulane. Not sure what to use now.
I had chest congestion for about a week, and when I talked to my friends I would start coughing.  This was what the doctor prescribed and when the pharmacist gave me the medicine, she explained the side effects to me and to drink liquids too.  I took my dose from a 5 ml plastic cup.  I have taken 3 doses so far.  The effects on me were dizziness, drowsiness, dry mouth and nausea.  My head was spinning so much I couldn 't stand up.  Sometimes I would cause me to fall asleep, but sleep was helpful. The nausea was unpleasant.  After two days I felt better.  This was strong medicine to take, but it was better taking it at night.  Otherwise it knocks me right out.
My dentist prescribed some amoxicillin after tooth extraction, supposedly to prevent infection. The diarrhea after 3 days was bad enough to stop taking this medicine.  Well, since no sign of infection was present or ever present and I needed to spend time outside of a bathroom anyway.  That 3-day love affair was it for me and Amoxicillin. Despite the literatures ' claims that ALL antimicrobials cause diarrhea, this is the first one that actually caused it for me.  I think I 'm going to claim an allergy to this one from now on.
I 've only been on the Tri-Sprintec pill for a little bit to help my acne clear up and regulate my periods. So the first few days have been fine, but my vagina itches like crazy. It wasn 't that bad until the Wednesday after I started the pill. I don 't think I 've been on it long enough to notice changes in my acne or weight, but I didn 't know if anyone else has had the same experience as I have had so far? I also haven 't been sick or really felt that bad except for a little stomach aches.
It made me throw up and have a bad headache but all that went away a few hours after taking it.
I have sat here and read all your reviews. I was diagnosed with PCOS about a year ago to be honest haven 't done much. I do have 2 kids. Why am i here? For those of you who want to have a baby you should try seed rotation along with your metformin. Pcos is a hormonal imbalance which the seeds WILL regulate allowing you to conceive. I have not started Metformin not until Sat but i do take my seeds regularly and have seen a decrease in hair growth (lighter eventually stopped) as well as weigth loss. I am not curently sexually active but i did recommend it to someone who was having trouble concieve and within 4 months they were pregnant. I am attaching a link so you can read further. Thanks and good luck to everyone!! Stay hopeful 
I 've had the Nexplanon in since December. I got my period a week after and I STILL have my period and it 's almost May. I feel hungry all the time and it has made me break out and left red little scars on my face because the breakouts were so bad in the beginning. But they have calmed down now. I have gained a little weight also. Other than that it has saved me from getting pregnant a few times, but there are to many side effects.
I have had the iud for about 2yrs now and am considering having it removed. I was one of the unlucky few that had a very difficult and painful insertion. I apparently have the cervix from hell. The RN that inserted my iud sent me home with medication to dilate my cervix after the first attempt at insertion failed, even though I went in during my period because it was supposed to make it &quot;easier&quot;. No such luck. The pain I experienced reminded me of when my appendix burst. The first 6+ months were hell, 2 periods a month and insane cramps. My periods have mostly normalized and I only get a few days of bad cramping now. If hormones didn 't make me crazy and fat and I wasn 't afraid of the pain of having it removed I 'd already be rid of it.
After 3 years on naprosyn 500 one a day I started to get irritable anxious finding fault all the time about stupid things. As soon as I stopped I was normal again .  I don 't know what tablet to take now as I am very sensitive to a lot of drugs.
Can 't give a real good rate for this drug since I 'm only taking it for the 2nd time today. It tastes bad, tongue numb for a few minutes after taking it. So far it is just making me tired and loopy and having some gas tonight. But then I have been very very tired for many months now and perhaps the extra sleep this allows will help me get back to normal again. I have had noises, shadows, and racing thoughts and flash backs to deal with that may have been due to anxiety etc.. Hope I don 't have stomach upset in future as someone else mentioned that happening to them.  I will have to return and give a new rating after I 've been on this a while longer.
Plan B was ultimately worth the money because I didn 't get pregnant, but the side effects were bad. I had extreme cramps, nausea, and I had basically a continued period for 2 months before I finally decided my body wouldn 't fix itself. Once I got put on the pill my body evened back out.
I 'm a healthy 26 yr old. I took Sronyx for about two or three months, which I had to stop due to the intense migraines it caused. I was then switched to Sprintec. I 'm was on it for almost two years. I must say it was absolutely effective at preventing pregnancy. No scares. And even when I missed a day and had to double up (which only happened once or twice). For the first three months or more, I had no issues other than fatigue. Then the other side effects came. Acne, extremely dry skin, hair loss.  I experienced a significant amount of weight gain, which I was unable to lose, even though I run and work out regularly. And I got mood swings and depression to the point of suicidal thoughts! I thought I was going crazy. But everyone is diff.
I started taking Femcon Fe when I was 18 and took it for 4 years. Within the first year, I gained 20 lbs that I could never lose. My weight would fluctuate by 10 pounds every month and around the time of my period I would have horrible bloating. It did make my periods very regular, short, and light and lessened the severity of my cramps. It also cleared up my skin. My doctor has just switched me to a birth control pill with a lower dose of estrogen after having a baby, to see if the weight gain issues go away.
I had this inserted right about a year ago. I moved from the depo shot to the iud, i have also tried the pill in the past. The shot and the pill both gave me really out of control mood swings, so I thought this would be better. I will say that it is very effective, I have not had a period since I have been on it and have had no pregnancies. The major drawback for me is the mood swings and depression. The first six months were okay, nothing too noticeable. After that mood swings/depression/anger/anxiety hit me like a freight train. As for the birth control itself I would give it a 10/10 in effectiveness and ease of use. I 'm getting mine removed because I can 't deal with the emotional side effects anymore.
I was on 250mg 3x a day for 10 days. It cured my Giardia, but made me very nauseous. My doctor had to give me antinausea medication (Zofran), just so I could keep the pill down. I also experienced a bad metal taste in my mouth for the duration of the treatment.
I have a child on Seroquel.  We 've tried Abilify, Risperdal, and Geodon to no avail.  Seroquel seems to keep her psychotic symptoms at a whisper instead of shouting in her head.  My husband has also used Seroquel for his schizoaffective disorder.  He switched to Risperdal because the Seroquel was sedating when ingesting over 50mg and he needed doses during the day.Our daughter is on an average of 500mg a day with no sedating effects whatsoever and we 're wondering if she just does not do well on this class of drug since 600mg a day is the highest she can safely go for her age.  Nothing seems to keep her psychotic symptoms completely in check, particularly her paranoia.
I only took Topamax 25mg 2x daily for 10 days before I could no longer take the side effects. I have suffered from almost daily migraines since I was 6 years old and have always resorted to OTC medicines to &quot;attempt&quot; to ease the pain. I have taken Imitrex to combat the pain and even resorted to Valium to knock myself out and sleep through it. When I heard about Topamax I was elated and it really does work at preventing migraines. However, within a few days I developed some side effects ranging from annoying to considering whether I should go to the ER: burning/stinging sensation when drinking soda, tingling feet, nausea, weight loss, memory loss, irregular heartbeat and passing out. I can 't function like that. 
I went on this birth  control about 2 years ago and gradually gained about 20 pounds over the span of 4-6 months.  No matter what I did, I could not lose it.  My appetite had increased a lot and despite my efforts at the gym, I could not manage to get below 150 pounds.  I went off it a month ago and I have already lost 8 pounds and my appetite has gone back to normal. I never had my period at all on this pill and I never experienced mood swings due to this pill.  It reduced my breakouts, and it completely got rid of my cramping. I would not go on this pill again because of the weight gain but aside from that, it did what it was supposed to do. :)
Extreme dry mouth, frequent urination, continued thirst
I started Zoloft 3 weeks ago for panic attacks but I am having a hard time with the side effects. I feel like it has made my anxiety even worse but I am going to continue taking it until I get over the initial starting side effects.
Still hard after a few consecutive daily doses
Helps me fall asleep but doesn 't keep me asleep or stop my pain. I can 't fall asleep without it, so I stay on it.
My neurologist decided to try lamictal with me because of the inefficiency of topamax. As I was weening off topamax, he put me on 300mg of lamictal XR. After a few weeks, I was solely on lamictal and no more topamax. Yet, the first two weeks I had two seizures, so my doctor decided to put me on 1000mg of Keppra. I 've had a few more seizures on lamictal and it was very random. I believe that lamictal is not beneficial by itself, but combined with another drug, it seems to help out. Although it helps a little bit, the side effects are fatigue, weakness and low appetite. These side effects weren 't as bad as topamax, but they weren 't the best. In the end, I 've been seizure free for the last six months on lamictal and keppra.
I am taking Xarelto for a small PE (rt. lower lobe) detected upon battery of testing for origin of a &quot;black out&quot; I experienced.  (The PE just happened to be detected and is considered not to be the source of blackout.) So, I am sensitive to drugs, in general.I am on the 2nd week or so of 1/day of 30mg.  I experience bizarre dreams and seem to be in a light sleep.  I have insomnia w/ the drug.  I also feel &quot;whacked out&quot;, post even 20 hrs. after ingesting it.  In essence, I KNOW that I have taken a drug.  I sometimes have to take a nap; I feel better after doing this.  I am hoping that my body acclimates to X, but am realistic.  I am also hoping/praying that I only have to be on X for 6 mos.  I know that there are alternatives.
I actually liked this product when I was using it, but hated the inconvenience of having to mix the powder.  It was hard to use away from home.  My doctor gave me a lot of samples but now he said it isn 't available?   Not sure why.  I like a new product he gave me a sample of called Lubricity (it 's an oral spray) and I love the convenience of it.  It also seems to last considerably longer than NeutraSal and most of the other products I 've tried.  Unfortunately it 's not in any stores by me yet
I started taking TriNessa Lo for birth control. It 's only been a month but I 'm not happy about it. In just a little over a month my skin has gone from perfect to horrendous. Constant breakouts and painful acne.
I thought the NuvaRing was great that is, until I started noticing that NuvaRing likes to slip down to the vaginal opening and irritates my urethral opening. This happens constantly. I have also noticed that I am extremely bloated. I have tried everything to make the bloatedness go away. Doctor said it was water gain, but when does water gain ever go away? No acne, (not a huge sufferer of acne normally), no painful cramps (yet) I got on the NuvaRing immediately after getting off the Depo Provera. Maybe the withdrawal symptoms of the Depo Provera are coinciding with the new symptoms of the ring? I am considering not being on the ring. 
Let me start by saying every bodies experiences are different, but after reading all the reviews I seriously expected the worse.  I am now on day 7, first day was ok, 2nd day slight headaches, 3rd day when I went to bed I had a stomach spasm, once I went to the bathroom I was fine, Yes you have headaches but I take advil for them, slightly constipated and the stool is dark, urine was dark, but the worse of it all for me was the nasty taste in my mouth, no vomiting, no diarrhea, just make sure you eat with your meals and take a probiotic, I take Accuflora, I read some people say don 't eat yogurt, I did and I was just fine, 3 more days to go, lets all pray this works, Oh and I missed just one day of work.
I just finished my first pack. The pros: I 've lost 13lbs, my face is less oily, and my mood is better then it was. The cons: I too craved sugar after starting this pill, I had hair loss the first few weeks, my vision has became a problem especially in florescent lighting, started having headaches, I feel more tired and breathing has become heaver then normal, and breast tenderness. 
It 's going on a year I 've been on it. My boyfriend and I had sex a week or so later and was fine. My first few months I was on a constant period. Not really heavy, but enough to aggravate anyone. I was extremely sensitive, and now I 'm having terrible terrible acne. (sigh)
I really liked this product at first.  Great for the redness. Lately when using it the eye I use this product in becomes enlarged, impairing my vision for most of the day. I do wear contacts and am on simvastatin (for cholesterol) so this could affect it.
I 'd have to say that I 'm of a mixed opinion on Pradaxa. While I know that a blood thinner is necessary in my life, given my current condition, the downside to any of them is frustrating. Pradaxa 's downsides seem to be fairly minimal and as a result is the drug I 've chosen.  I really like the ability to reverse the effects with a single dose of a counter drug. Where I 've run into problems with it is primarily digestive. The acidic nature of the med has caused some stomach upset but more significantly diarrhea, loose stools and leakage. This has led to abrasion bleeding externally and problems with cleanliness. Recently, my doctor recommended  omeprazole to counter this effect and it appears to be working adequately.
I got liletta in July 2016, with two shots of toradol I still had a horrible experience with the insertion. I have never felt anything so painful. I constantly have mild cramping, pain with sex, and made me break out like crazy. The only nice things I have gotten from this is obviously no pregnancy and I 've had one period since July that lasted 3 days. I 'm getting this taken out on Thursday due to the painful cramping everyday.
Although it got rid of my bronchitis it gave me a certain form of ulcerative colitis!
Constipated for 8 days (I blame vegan Chinese food). Idon 't eat meat or dairy but everything backs me up since I was a kid.Picked up a box of store brand sennosides 25mg. Took 2  in the morning and then two in afternoon and evening. Got a bit moving next day but barely anything. I took 2 more and a good bit of tea and it 's been slow going (a little every few hours) but it 's working.Smooth move (senna tea) is the worst pain in the world. I 'll definitely be switching to these from now on. Still a good bit of sharp pains but much better than the tea.On a normal person, go grab a bottle of magnesium citrate and drink with two of these. Be prepared for a poo storm but comes faster and easier and less painful than this alone (helped with last push)
I 'm not finished with the pills yet but I feel a difference already and I no longer smell my odor. And I have to say the pill tastes horrible and I 've had severe diarrhea and headaches. Other than that I think the pill is great.
I have been using this 3-4 times a day for just over two weeks along with one-20mg proxicam a day for Osteoarthritis, I am male-64yrs. I have not been overly impressed with either thus far. But I have noticed a little less stiffness and some range of motion. But in fairness the inflammation is no doubt very deep in both joints and would take time for the medicine to hit its target area. The Dr told me to give it time which I felt was reasonable.  I find the gel to have a pleasant smell and rubs in nice and dries pretty quick. I am using the Voltaren Gel that says, diclofenac sodium topical gel 1%. Don 't quote me but I believe they also make it with 2% diclofenac sodium?? With ins my cost was 42.00 for 5 tubes. Greasing both knees uses a lot
It 's amazing not having a period every month but there are some down sides to this pill. It took me about 6 months to not have spotting. I had a lot of spotting for several days at a time when I first started, but now that has stopped. I started getting these big red pimples, that my dermatologist called cysts and said this pill may be the cause of them, since I never had them before. I also gained 20 pounds. I work out regularly and my diet hasn 't changed. The plus side my breasts got bigger.
I took this for about a year and a half. I did only have one period every 3 months, but for me it was 3 months worth of period compressed into one week of hell. One week every 3 months I could barely get to class, and when I did I was constantly going to the bathroom between classes to change pads/tampons. It also made me very emotional for about 2 of the 3 months. Overall, it did do what it promised: not becoming pregnant, and only one period every three months. However, I did not experience lighter periods.
Five days after I began using the Clonidine patch, I started having terrible side effects.  These included extreme dizziness, constipation, diarrhea, and a hard bloated stomach.   I immediately discontinued the patch after using it for 6 days.  These effects are still continuing to a lesser degree almost two months later.  My hair also stopped growing, but started to regrow after a month.My blood pressure did go down, but it wasn 't worth it!  The owner at my local health food store recommended that I try taking Beet Root - 2 pills twice a day.  My blood pressure is now normal and I 'm having no side effects!
I 've been on the nexplanon for about 3 years now and now all of the sudden I have gotten my period 3xs in august and twice this month of september is that normal while being on this birth control.Am waiting for my doctor to call me back to see what are my options any ideas or suggestions on what I should do
Fixed one problem, made another worse! My 14 years old child, has had seasonal depression and social anxiety. Her doctor said it would help with the anxiety too but it has left her always shaking uncontrollably and feeling more jittery and anxious than ever! It has helped the depression, she can go to school with a bit more ease and it 'll keep her from throwing herself out a window. But her general ability to function is about the same because now she is too anxious instead of too sad.
Wellbutrin worked very effectively in treating my depression. It lifted me out of a major depression I had been in for years. However, I am facing an issue because while Wellbutrin is great for treating my depression, the side effects are terrible. I am having excessive sweating all the time and extreme dry mouth. The dry mouth is causing bad breath and cavities. I am doing everything I can to combat the dry mouth and sweating with no avail. I was told the side effects will diminish over time but it has been over a year and the side effects aren 't any better.Does anyone know of effective ways to combat the side effects?
I was dx with sero positive RA nearly 35 years ago and have been on just about every NSAID, dmard, infusion and combinations of these. Simponi Aria along with lefunimide is my current cocktail. While it seems to be keeping my joint pain under control, my fatigue is off the charts and I have lots of body aches, frequent headaches and gastro problems. My bp and glucose levels are also elevated, though I 'm not sure if this is due to this medication, or not.
I was originally prescribed this for a foot injury.. not one for pain medicines I reluctantly take these once in a awhile. However, the last couple of times I have taken them at night due to body aches and pains, it killed the pain but my sleep was filled with vivid dreams, and I could not reach the deep sleep. I woke up with a headache, hangover feeling, and totally drained throughout the next day - not worth it in my opinion with the side effects I am experiencing. Use with caution.
I suffer from mainly depression and anxiety.  I have had a few bouts of hypomania.  This was recommended to me to help anxiety and mood swings.  Within an hour of taking this medicine I was always somewhat buzzed and not in a good way.  Like you have to lie down and sleep or you will become extremely irritable.  The sleep was great on it, however you wake up in a fog for hours.  Usually until dinner time for me.  It really flattens you out so you don 't feel much but emotionless and tired.  I took anywhere from 50 to 200 mg and the result was the same.  I am off now and trying safer meds.  Seroquel wasn 't for me, glad it helps millions though!
I 've been on it for 8 months after dentist told me I was grinding teeth at night. Post lymphoma cancer patient so its been a rough few years. Am on 15mg tabsIts been fine but after 4 months notice its getting harder to lose weight. Not sure if its my age, 59, or partly the medication.My worry is getting off it. I tend to go colder turkey and have noticed I don 't sleep well when I stop. And have vivid dreams for a while.  I do sleep better when on it, but it does change the feeling of connection with things around me. Only slight but noticeable.I find it a bit worrying to be reliant on a pill and am seeing its going to take a while to get off it. Although not addictive I can see it can be emotionally addictive.
I am a teenager. I had acl reconstruction surgery recently and my pain meds caused constipation.I tried this drug and yes it was effective but the after effects were AWFUL. I have never experienced stomach pain like that before. (well, that one time I ate way too many Buffalo Wild Wings was a close second) NEVER AGAIN!!
Was prescribed this for tension headaches.  It does something, but it makes me dizzy and light headed.  It seems to start working nearly immediately (reduces the pain by like 50-75%), but after not too long the headache will start slowly creeping back over the course of the next few hours.   I actually have a headache I 've been attempting to treat with it right now and so far I 've taken 7 pills over the course of 26 hours and it 's still here.
I have been taking Junel for about 9 months. During the first month or two on this pill, I experienced terrible mood swings and depression. This has gotten better, but hasn 't completely gone away. However, my periods are lighter and shorter. I still experience regular abnormal bleeding, for instance, one of my periods lasted a full month, and my most recent one started two weeks early. However, it does its job. Personally, I 'm not sure whether the benefits outweigh side effects.
I switched to this from the Nuvaring about three to four years ago. It originally worked great; timed my periods perfectly (always Sunday at noon after last active pill), would stop my period with no breakthrough bleeding when starting another pack and made my periods light and pain free. It was also an effective birth control method as I 've never been pregnant. This year, however, my boyfriend and I noticed I would have severe mood swings in my third week of active pills. I would literally not want to be in a relationship. I 've also noticed breakouts on my face and body and get mild cramping every few months. 
I have been taking generic Adipex since Dec. 2015. I am 5 food tall and was 211 pounds. The first 11 pounds came off quick. Then I got down to 195. Now I am back up to 200 and can 't drop the weight. My energy level is a lot better though. I don 't really eat that much. So maybe my body is holding on to what I do eat. Who knows.
This was the first (and only) birth control I have ever used, so I will say upfront that the effects it had on me may have resulted in any birth control use not just from Yasmin. I used Yasmin for about 2 months and in that amount of time it had almost completely killed my sex drive. I could not reach &quot;climax&quot; whereas I had not had a problem before and had almost no desire for sex. In addition I became so dry that when I did have sex it would burn and be painful. I did gain some weight but I 'm not sure if I could really blame it on the birth control except for the fact my breasts went up a cup size and still haven 't shrunk though I 've lost weight. The weight may have been put on easier on Yasmin? Hair got thicker also but no baby!
Every allergy pill I try stops working eventually, so after using Claritin and Zyrtec, I decided to try Allegra. It is my first day using it and it partially clears me up but it is 3 in the morning and I have yet to feel tired. I can see that I am not alone, so I 'll be going back to Zyrtec until I can see my doctor about switching to something else.
I started Norethindrone back in January, here it is the middle of May. I started the pill because of the obvious, &quot;Don 't want to get pregnant,&quot; and &quot;We 'd prefer to be safer than sorry&quot;, storyline.I suffer from Chronic Migraine, so my doctor prescribed the mini-pill as an option, not wanting them to intensify.Well, in that aspect, the pill worked. And has worked. It 's also worked with preventing pregnancy. Thank goodness.What it hasn 't worked with is everything else. Almost 6 months on it and I 've gained almost 15 pounds, and my periods have become almost completely unbearable!!!! And not to mention they come about every 2 weeks, if they even come that far apart!!
After two years of Depo-Provera shots, I decided to go a little more long term with my BC. On the shot my periods had all but disappeared; I 'd get very minimal spotting for a single day out of two months. Since Nexplanon uses the same type of hormone, I incorrectly assumed that my cycle would stay the same. About four months after the insertion, I 'm getting a full duration period every two weeks, like clockwork, and my PMS symptoms (irritability, lack of appetite, cramping and diarrhea) are back with a vengeance each time. My doctor wants me to hold out another few months to see if I stabilize. We 'll see, I guess.On the positive side, it 's effective at preventing pregnancy.
It 's been about 2 and a half weeks off depo now and I 've seen a huge difference, in my mood, and in my skin especially. I was on the shot for about 2 years. The first half of the first yet I bled, not enough to need a tampon but enough to annoy me from time to time. It goes away. The last 6 months of using it I noticed a huge change in my skin. I 've never had a problem with acne but after a year and a half on depo I started getting pimples on my forehead that wouldn 't ever go away. I 've never had problems with weight gain but did notice it made me a little more emotional then I had been off it. As for protection against getting pregnant it worked 100% on its own.
I took minocycline for my mild acne for about 2 weeks with no problems. I was very happy with my results. Until I started experiencing hives. The first day they showed up on my hips, then when I woke up the next morning they were all over my body on my waist, back, knees, elbows, hands, and even a couple on my face. They itch and hurt so bad. When they showed up on my feet, I couldn 't walk. I couldn 't get up to go eat, my sister had to come to my room to get me dinner. My hands became swollen and puffy, with hives all over, I can barely write. I stayed in bed the majority of the day. My doctor prescribed me with Benadryl and Prednisone, which helped because I woke up this morning with some improvement. I don 't recommend minocycline.
I started showing signs of hypertension at the young and tender age of 16. I started taking blood pressure medications soon after. I am now 27 and still fighting to keep it under control. Here the past year I have been in the  several times for 180s/120s. My poor dr has tried everything he can think of over the past several years and I have even been to multiple cardiologists. No one knows why I am having high blood pressure and no meds seem to be working. My dr placed me on the patch to see if it will work. Right now I am on 0.1 mg patch for a week at a time. No change at all in blood pressure being high. It is currently 166/111. Not really sure what to do at this point I am not over weight and salt is cut out of my diet for the most part.
I took this along with Cipro. After 3 days on a 10 day treatment, I was feeling much better. I made the decision to discontinue both. I had horrible diarrhea, nausea, vomiting, nasty taste in my mouth, no appetite, zero energy &amp; sleepiness. I would not take this combo again for anything. Lost 5 lbs while taking it due to inability to eat or drink much.
This helps but after you take it and poop, etc.  You may loose control of your bowels if you laugh or anything like that it will make you poop without wanting to.
Intense itching on front and back of torso and arms.
Do not drink alcohol when taking this medicine!
I started Beyaz about 6 months ago. The first 3 months were great..no acne..no crying...no anger or crazy mood swings. The last 2 or 3 months have been bad though. My face started breaking out, I am very emotional and angry. I don 't know if it 's because my pharmacy started giving me the generic version or it 's the hormones, but everything was great until recently.
It 's been a love, hate relationship with Latuda for me. After 2 months of using it, I noticed a significant change in my depression, which was fantastic. But, I experience SEVERE nausea even when I eat enough food. I have even thrown up about 6 or 7 times within my 7 months of taking it. Which is unpleasant to say the least. The nausea usually sets in about 30-45 minutes after taking and lasts anywhere from 5 minutes to an hour.
Took this medication for a UTI I was experiencing for about 4 weeks prior... Had enough so went to my GP. The first night approx 2-3 hours after taking it at 7pm, I had terrible stomach cramps, bloating nausea. Also seemed to get an associated headache and am not feeling hungry, have lost my appetite which is very unusual for me. Just took my third dose each time I 've had the same cramps and abdominal discomfort painful sick sensations.. That last about 5-6 hours. Luckily I 've had night shift for 3 nights, but now I have to be up early in the morning and hoping the pains don 't keep me awake!! As for effectiveness, not certain yet. But my UTI symptoms appear to be relieved this far.
I started taking 200 mg of Modafinil a couple weeks ago for debilitating chronic fatigue. It has definitely had a positive effect, although a subtle one. I am more awake, better able to focus and it is easier to overcome the inertia required to start something. I haven 't suddenly become energetic or highly productive like others, but there is a subtle difference. Unfortunately it has seriously impacted my sleep. My brain stays awake most of the night even though my body is exhausted. Additionally it gives me a pressure headache behind my eyes, and overall just makes me feel a little strange.
I have had psoriasis since I was 4. Been on everything from biologics to light therapy. Stelara cleared me up but not without a price. I m a very healthy,exercise minded individual. Since being on, my blood sugar is off, I have night sweats, swollen breasts, feet, hands, swollen tonsils, and tiredness. My vitamin d levels are also low. Went of stelara for 6 months and every side effect went away. Flared up and went on it again and all symptoms came back!
Day 4. No side effects and no reduction in cravings.
I have cut in half a 2.5 mg daily dose of Amlodipine and that seems to do the trick for the side effects I had with a higher dose,,,I have been on this drug since January, 2016 and my age is almost 74 years old...
Started on sulfasalazine three months ago. First four weeks difficult as experienced headache, palpitations and felt exhausted. I also had severe mouth ulcers and required antibiotic therapy. Found increasing tabs weekly too intense so reduced increase to four weekly and found my body tolerated increase better. Now on two am and one pm and starting to see improvement in swelling and flare. Noted once flare starts it was time to increase dose. Started feeling aches all over this weekend so plan to increase to two am and two pm. Will update on progress. Nb in uk
I got my Nexplanon inserted January 2013. In the beginning it was great, periods were normal, no other symptoms. About 6 months after it was inserted my periods started getting longer, for a month at a time, was always tired and my breast were always sore. Needless to say I recently had mine removed and will be using another form of contraceptive.
I 've had Nexplanon for just a few months now and my only issue is the constant bleeding. After it was inserted, I didn 't bleed for about 2 weeks, then all of a sudden, I have been spotting/breakthrough bleeding for about two months now. It is really putting stain on my relationship. It can be really lite, then get heavy. I 'm going to give it a couple more months, but if this continues, I will definitely have to reconsider it and try another BC method.
I am taking gabapentin 1200 mg everyday. It makes me dizzy and I work slower then I used too. I also feel like I am losing my memory slowly too.
I went to the doctor and they made me take two 500mg tablets of this medicine . I was okay at the doctor but on my way home I started to become feel nausea and severe stomach aches. As soon as I came in I started to cook me some eggs and turkey bacon but as soon as it was done cooking I had to vomit and use the restroom . My stomach is hurting and I feel so weak. Maybe it will change after I eat but as far as right now this is horrible. I took it on an empty stomach so I see that 's a no go.
Diovan effectively controlled my high blood pressure for 2 years. Then suddenly I developed low potassium levels; fluctuating blood pressure, rapid pulse, ringing in the ears, nausea and deep tissue pain with chronic inflammation. The dose was dropped by 1/2. Sleep apnea began. It took three months- many-ER visits, two hospitalizations and cardiac monitoring to figure out what my blood pressure was actually doing. Eventually it took only 1/4 of the dose of the medication to &quot;control&quot; my pressure without causing side effects.  The onset of these symptoms without doctors recognizing them created concern for me about this medication. I recommend regular monitoring of your own blood pressure.
I took my sixth Bydureon injection yesterday. The great news is my morning BG levels have dropped dramatically, to the 100 range (after being in the 200s). Bad however, I am debilitatingly nauseous 12 to 24 hours after injecting and 4x have thrown up at the 12 hour mark. I am not a fan of the pea sized lumps at each injection area. The first from 6 weeks ago has not shrunk one iota. The three abdomen injections each itched considerably the first week. I switched to injecting front of my legs, which do not itch. My vision, especially computer monitor distance is horrible, but I think that is due to the drop in my overall blood sugar. I am not sure if I can hang with the nausea and would like more info as to whether it will go away in time.
I am on 1mg of it 2x a day as needed for panic attacks, and it takes the edge off, but it does not fully calm down everything, it also helps me sleep well.
The first 3 years I was on nexplanon I had no problems, except for when I first got it interested I bled for 6 months straight (very light). Then after that everything was fine. After the 3 years were up I decided to get another one inserted since I had no major problems with the first one. That 's when it went downhill. I gained about 20 pounds, became anxious about everything, moods began to change, also had severe pain in my ovaries. I got an ultrasound to make sure there weren 't any cysts and everything was normal but I continued to have severe pain. Finally, I decided to get it removed and everyting has been good so far no more pain, moods are better, and I 've lost weight.
This pill makes me cry over everything wherever I am. I also have had heavy long periods since I have been on it for the past six months. 
I 've had acne of my forehead and chin for 2 years nothing has worked. My dermatologist prescribed me tretonin and I 've been using it for 2 weeks , my skin is the worst it has ever been! I haven 't had any skin peeling, my skin is getting quite dry now. I really hope in the next 2 weeks it improves !
I got my Mirena put in a little over a year and a half ago. It was painful at the time for about 2 months and I bled on and off for the first few weeks. After that it went away and everything was fine with the exception of some minor cramping here and there. My acne was fine, moods were fine, I hadn 't gained any extra weight. But about 2 weeks ago, that all changed. I 've had horrible acne for 2 weeks, severe cramping and bloating and I 've been feeling like a totally whack job and then suddenly I started to bleed...and then I bled and bled and bled. It 's just starting to return back to normal. My acne is going away, I 've stopped bleeding and I don 't feel crazy anymore. I intend to keep my Mirena because we 're only keeping it in for 5 more months.
I had two instances of stomach pain last year.  I was administered Gas X and subsequently I was put on Nexium.  After taking Nexium for 60 days I get relief but if I don 't control diet I feel like having stomach pain again two months after discontinuing Nexium.  I have gallstones.  Nexium seems to work well to ward off stomach pain. 
I 've anxiety had a minimal level 4 about 6 months now and it has been getting worse and worse now my doctor tells me to up my cymbalta 290 milligrams, it 's been about the month that I have done that along with taking my anxiety medicine both together really isn 't doing much good.Will it help me?
I started on Vytorin high dose and it worked well, then it was cut in half and continued to work.  After about two years I had some bad blood work and due to the Vytorin my CK enzymes were just under 2000. I am off if it altogether. 
Hi. I am from Canada.. I am diabetic for 40 tears ..on insulin... on tradjenta  5 mg for over 1 year I felt improvement.... no side effect.... my insulin is lower
I 'm about to complete my 3rd week in my 21 day pack. I 've been consistently bleeding since starting the pill and experienced excruciating cramps during the first week. Since then, I 've only had light cramping here and there but have been spotting every single day (very annoying as I have to wear panty liners every single day and change them often as it 's not exactly light spotting). However, I haven 't noticed any weight gain nor increase in acne. One thing that is interesting is the complaints of decrease in libido, which I can 't exactly say if I 've been experiencing it or not since I 've been bleeding. I haven 't been all that excited to jump into bed with my boyfriend so it might just be because of that but I can 't tell.
I 'm 18 and I 've been on Concerta for years. All the bad side effects I have so I tried other medications but nothing worked, so I went back to Concerta. I love it. It makes me focus and not annoy people but it makes me have mood swings and go into phases where I 'll just not talk, not eat, just watch movies all day (not depression).  
I started using this medication prescribed by my PCP in June of 2011, and it helped get some of my hair back that had thinned and was falling out in a small front area of my head. However I 'm still taking 2.5mg once a day, and I would say the effects of it are not as good as it used to be, however it continues to help a little by maintaining any more hair lose.
This my first time using plan B, I 'm kind of scared it it 'll work honestly. My boyfriend and I did the deed and the condom broke he ejaculate in me big time, I 'd say like 5 to 10 mins later I took the pill. It is now Monday and these symptoms are stupid real, I 've experienced abdominal pain, nausea, mean headaches etc. I pray this works I 'm 21 years old and I am not ready for a baby let alone my 21 year old boyfriend!!
I 'm on Day 3 and notice a big change.  No more accidents in the morning on the way to the toilet!  I am also on an estrogen cream called Estrace and have used that once. Time will tell if this really works: I was on Vesicare for a few weeks and got great results, then it began NOT to work and severe constipation made me stop taking it. I will be adding fiber to my diet and work to prevent the constipation before it takes me over again.  Went to a urogynecologist this time. P.S There is a mint you can try for dry mouth.  It has one side of it with a sticky ingredient that will stick to your mouth so you don 't swallow it.  It works!
Singulair was wonderful for my allergies.  My allergies are only in my ears causing popping, crackling, clogging and pulling.  From the 1st dose I felt better and kept improving until my ears were better than they had been in months.  Unfortunately, on day 10 I developed tremors in my hands and lower arms.  The tremors turned into shaking when I tried to use my arms/hands.  My legs felt detached from my body.  So it was wonderful for my allergies but horrible for side effects.  Hopefully it won 't take too long to get out of my system so the tremors stop.
I really liked this birth control and wanted to continue using it, but after 3 months, it started causing big zits on my chin around the time of my period so I stopped. Other than that, no other bad side effects that I noticed.
I started Qsymia on Saturday, April 25th. I felt fine the first couple days but the last two days I 've got a weird feeling in my head and I feel a bit full, like I 've eaten too much but I haven 't, leg cramps, slight tingling in my feet and itching in my hands (none of which are pleasant). It doesn 't make me not want eat entirely but it definitely helps me make better choices. I 've had a touch of insomnia and some weird dreams and the weird feeling in my head kind of makes me want to give up but I hopped on the scale before I started typing this and I 've also lost 4 lbs so far (I 'm 41 years old, 5 '4&quot; and started at 206) I 'm going to call my doc tomorrow to be on the safe side. It appears to work but I 'm not sure I can continue on like this.
21 years old, I got Nexplanon put in 6 months ago, on Sept. 4th 2013. Before that I was on the Depo-Provera shot, which made me break out all over my chest and back, and the jawline - hormonal areas for acne. I cannot take estrogen birth control because of migraine issues, and so progestin only was the option for me. Nexplanon PROS: Periods stopped completely, did not affect my mood - always felt like myself, very effective method of birth control so I did not have to use condoms. CONS: Weight gain of 7lbs in 6 months, and the biggest con of all. ACNE, ACNE, ACNE! I used to have clear skin, even before I went on estrogen birth control. I would have stuck to Nexplanon if it did not give me a pizza face.
I have been taking venlaxafine for 4 days now. I currently am on a 75mg a day dose which my doctor put me on. Day 1 didn 't notice anything at all, on the second day I felt a lot more relaxed but totally suppressed my appetite all day and have had a rubbish sleeping pattern ever since. Haven 't really done much for my anxiety as of yet but very relaxing, will write an update shortly.
Although this drug was very effective in curbing my 11 month old sons vomiting and diarrhea, it caused him to have very hard stools.
I have been smoking since I 've been 14 years old.  I 'm now 53.in the past I have tried quitting SO many times.  I have a lung disease &amp; my Drs have warned me to quit. My next step will be toting around a oxygen tank with m, .now I 'm serious. I first started on the patches which I became allergic to. I 've been on chantix for 5 days now &amp; so far I 'm doing better with all my withdrawals then I expected.I must quit! chantix will allow me to!
I knew it was risky to take an antidepressant given my symptoms but I was having trouble in my daily life and needed help. I began taking Wellbutrin XL 150 mg and for the first week I felt an increase in suicidal thoughts, tremors, and psychomotor agitation. It felt like I was going to die. After that week, my psychiatrist added Klonopin to help control these side effects. Since then, I have had an improvement in quality of life, which is all I can ask for.
I had mine put in on Sept 25. I was just coming off the depo shot and starting to spot. I had the implant put in and afterwards the area was extremely painful for about a week. I am more fair skinned and so they told me I would bruise more. As soon as the lydocain was administered i had already developed a small bruise. By that evening my arm looked like it had been hit with a softball. Since then the needle insertion point has continued to be very sensitive. It seems like my body is trying to possibly reject the implant and is push one end of it out and the skin is raised there. Here it is 6 weeks later this Friday and i 'm still spotting and now slightly starting to cramp. Giving more time...
I had very irregular periods, so my doctor put me on this pill to help regulate them. My periods come like clockwork now, which is very nice considering I 've never had that. They haven 't become lighter or shorter in length, which I was hoping for. They are still 6-7 days with heavy flow and lots of cramping. My acne has also increased a lot. I had some acne before taking the pill, but this is the deep kind that can take weeks to heal, which I rarely got before. I also have been pretty emotional since starting it, but I won 't entirely place blame on this pill as I stay pretty stressed regardless, but I think it could be related. I 'm going to switch soon most likely.
Today is my first day using Retain A 0.04% microderm Gel. I work in a pharmacy and the Rph told me when using this gel I have to also use clindamyacin 1% lotion before the gel. She also told me to use minocycline 100 mg capsules as well. Anyway , she said it will work alone but will work excellent together( gel &amp; lotion). Then the capsules will top it off. My face (due a thyroidectomy that was performed) was always CLEAR. Within 6 months I had a lot of scars and pimples galore . I tried Epiduo, Nuquin, proactive, RX for brown skin, no7  everything but my hormones are out of wack. Hopefully this combo will work. Will keep ya posted.
Lutera left me exhausted, and I felt nauseated all the time. Yet unlike other birth controls I 've tried it did not give me nasty mood swings. It made me feel calm and pleasant. My breasts grew at least another cup size, which some would consider a positive, but I 've paid a lot of money for a breast reduction and do not want large breasts! So overall, it was great for my mood but left me feeling so tired and sick that I just couldn 't stay on it.
I am currently experiencing negative side effects which include headaches, dizziness, sneezing, runny nose, lips tingling, joint and muscle pain.  I did not experience these symptons while I was taking Benicar HCT and Amlodipine.
I was heavily bleeding for 2 months at the time; (as an fyi: I had no pain, cramps, thyroid, or cyst issues.) and was prescribed to take this for 7 days. I didn 't have any side effects, and it didn 't STOP the bleeding. However it did lighten the bleeding but a lot. I could wear a regular to light pad.
I was perscribed this medicine to treat BV, I was told to take 5 400mg pills in one dose, this sounded wrong to me so I decided to have a look online and wished I never! I saw people sharing stories of really horrible side effects such as headache, dizzy spells and vomiting, being emetophobia this really worried me and I was debating if I 'd even take the pills! Eventually decided to take them &amp; as instructed, on a full stomach,with a large glass of water at night. They did taste a bit horrible but nothing as bad as I 'd read, once I 'd taken them the taste was gone ,I didn 't have any dizziness or nausea, nothing, absolutely fine. I think some people have exaggerated their side effects majorly!
I started taking Tegretol for TN and it did greatly improve my ability to function. Pain was much duller during episodes and had stopped being totally debilitating. 6-7 weeks after use I began to be so lethargic I couldn 't get out of bed and was relying so much more on my husband to see to our toddler son. It was very worrying. I then developed severely enlarged glands under my chin, lumps on my neck and started to feel generally unwell. I then had a full blood count done and it returned a very low white blood and abnormal looking cells also. Enlarged spleen also occurred. Now being referred to haematology and had to be taken off Tegretol as they believe I am taking quite a severe reaction to it.
I 've had the Nexplanon in for 5 years. When it first got inserted it itched like crazy, but eventually it went away. I haven 't had a period the whole time. No spotting or anything. I can 't really comment on the mood swings as I 've been on anxiety/depession medicine for 15 years. Now that I think about it, I 'm pretty sure it caused all of my weight gain, but I 'm not pregnant so there 's that. Overall I 've had a great experience.
ive been on this tretinoin gel for two months and its has its ups and downs. the first month i saw results my face was clearing but the peeling and burning was not what i expected, the second month my face seemed to go back to how i started, which was not ok. I am still using this gel, hoping the third month will bring better results.
I have been on Gianvi for about 1 month and a half and it 's great. I haven 't gotten pregnant, but I have noticed my appetite change. I don 't want to eat the food I used to love, but it 's definitely helping me lose weight and this is ALWAYS good.
This is my first week on it and its seems to be starting to control my acne but I will randomly get sick to my stomach and want to throw up. I also  seem to be getting that brown discharge everyone else seems to have written about. I would recommend taking it with food. other than that, it seems to be the best out of the many birth controls I have tried
It was great until I had 12 weeks of nonstop heavy bleeding and then went 4-5 weeks of no period which was awesome but now my period has come  back with vengeance I don 't think I 've gained weight just really bloated my sex drive is gone and I 'm more agitated at things easily but I 've heard implanon (when you take it out) can cause you not to be able to have a baby ever again.... not sure if this is true but a friend of mine took hers out got pregnant twice and lost both babies at 23 weeks this scares me because I plan on exspanding my family I only have one child can anyone make me feel better on this? But it 's done it 's job I have am not / have not been pregnant sense I put this in my arm
I have not put anything on sites like this but really want input. I have been dealing with medical issues for 3 months which required taking meds during the night which disrupted my sleep. My health is getting back on track but I am was not sleeping well. My Dr prescribed lorazepam 1 mg at bedtime.  It works pretty well by giving me sleep however I am out of it almost the entire day. Around 4pm I start to feel ok again so I get to have a 6 hour window of a good day. I have read so many of all of your reviews. I am concerned about addiction and withdrawal as I have not taken very many meds like this. The Dr wrote prescription for 25 days. Would like suggestions; should I stay daily with 1 mg or skip nights or cut in half sometimes? I 've used it for 1 week so far
I have been experiencing terrible waking headaches and also not able to think of the words I want to express. I take Cozaar in the evenings and believe it 's causing these symptoms. Not happy !
I have been on primidone for 10 years, I 'm 34. I take 250mg twice a day. No longer works. If I increase the dose anymore I 'll be a zombie. About to start Gabapentin, time will tell.
Definitely didn 't find enough pain relief until I was prescribed with powerful pain meds - side effects tired all the time, itchy all the time, very annoying!!
At the age of 24 I started taking Lexapro which did absolutely nothing.  Then I started taking Zoloft which did the trick except I gained weight and had absolutely no sex drive which was causing serious issues in my marriage.  Just a couple months ago I started taking Viibryd to help with the sexual side effects.  It worked, I felt fine.  Until now, I have been on Viibryd for about two months and take 40mg a day.  I feel like it just stopped working.  The past two weeks have been torture.  I think I will go back to the Zoloft and deal with the side effects.  Not to mention my insurance doesn 't cover Viibryd so it costs about $158 a month out of pocket.
I got on April 2015. I starting bleeding the same day I was put on and bled for about 30 days straight. (heavy period style for about 25 of those days) I thankfully haven 't had one since, but I do brestfeed and hadn 't had one for 8 months prior, so that could be why. But I started noticing about a month and a half ago all of the side effects it was giving me. Headaches, fatigue, strong uncontrollable cravings, bloating, no interest in intimacy, and weight gain. To top it off I spotted light pink and brown for two days randomly a couple weeks ago. I seriously thought I was pregnant. But no my doctor assured me that this is how the bc works. I 'll be getting off in December as he told me to wait it out a few more months. Can 't wait to get off!
Well I 'm on day 4 of this medicine. And before I was a pack a day smoker.The medicine has made me feel kinda crappy, very tired, no appetite, and weak feeling. But I 've only had 2.5 cigarettes today and it 's 5:30pm...After the second day I felt like when I smoked I felt worse, now they taste like crap or just have no taste and I 'm like why am I smoking these... I hope my body adjust to the pills so I stop feeling like crap, but so far the quitting smoking thing seems like it 's working...
I am currently on 250 mg  I have fatigue, weakness, painful arms &amp; legs, can 't sleep very well, no motivation..
So this is day 2 after getting Paragard and am still in pain. The insertion was unbelievably bad! No kids and already heavy cycle to start. I have many tattoos so I can take the pain but I am glad that its over with. The cramps are painful and come and go! I am hopeful and will stick this out bc I can 't have any hormonal bc any more due to migraines with aura and possibility of stroke with use. I can 't wait for this pain to go away!
Well, I have always been a little heavy.... not an avid athlete or calorie cruncher.  However, when I had the IUD put in 4 years ago , I was only 10 lbs, from my pre-baby weight.  Since then, I have gotten progressively moody, have close to no sex drive and have gained close to fifty pounds!  I was told that these were not side effects by my doctor.  When I told him that I was having mood problems he prescribed my prozac.   (MY OB/GYN)   Now that I have read some reviews, I realized that maybe I am not crazy...........  I had no pain when inserted and have had no periods since I had it put in.  Which is great.  There has been a clear discharge, almost monthly, some odor and I have absolutely no bladder control.  Time to take it out!
I have endometrosis and have stomach pain, digestive problems, and abnormal bleeding. The digestive problems are just as bad as they were. My periods are better. The medicine does have side effects such as unsettled stomach and headaches.
I waited to start until today, since I am off work today. I 've never been on a prescription before. (Outside of antibiotics for cold, flu..etc.) I didn 't feel anything until around an hour. My throat got extremely dry and I had an insatiable thirst. I drank glass after glass of water for at least two hours. (I also had to use the restroom every 10/15min, which is a concern for days I have to work. I drive long distances for work) At the second hour I had a crazy burst of energy and started deep cleaning my entire house. After I finished, I felt tired so I laid in my bed. I was in it for 30-45min, but could not go to sleep. I got up and ate two pizza slices, which is normal for me. I guess it takes a while before your appetite is suppressed.
It is good.
I started to experience feeling dizzy a lot, lightheaded, really bad headaches and also nausea. I can 't eat as much as I would like too or used too because most of the time I feel sick. And sometimes I don 't like to go out because I feel too dizzy or have a crazy headache. I 'll take ibuprofen or Tylenol and I get nauseous! I 've had crazy mood swings that I 've never seen myself have before. My depression has increased so much that I 'm starting to think that my  kids would be fine without me.. it literally has taken over my life. Honestly not sure if it 's the nexplanon doing all this but I haven 't felt like this until I got my implant. I 'm hoping if I take it out it 'll all go away!!! Totally life changing
I have ADHD and this medication helps with everyday life. I can focus on what I 'm doing. The only real problem I have with this medication is the fact that it affects how I treat others. In other words I get agitated a lot faster.  I don 't want to be angry and before I took this medication I would always turn the other cheek, but now unfortunately I get real angry really fast.
I have had epilepsy for 14 years now and during the first 9 years I took Carbatrol. At first it was great seizure free then the side effects kicked in. I was depressed and had anxiety, my emotional state changed. I felt nausea, dizzy, and sometimes uncomfortable in my body. I switched to Keppra and I 'm happy. I 'm normal moods and so far no side effects in Keppra.
Have been taking this off and on for about 3 months. While it definitely causes bowel movements, the side effects are difficult to manage for a busy, working mom. The gas it creates is horrible (for me and those around me) and the spontaneous bouts of diarrhea make me nervous to take it in the morning. I 'm taking one pill every night and one in the morning on weekends. I have had great success with Miralax in my morning coffee but when I have to sit a lot for work or travel, it 's just not enough, so I tried Linzess.
I 've been on it for 3 months. The first month I felt normal and happy but since then I feel very hungry. I just Want sugar, sugar sugar!  I 've gained weight. I 'm not having mood swings anymore and little situations don 't bother and upset me anymore. I do feel like I lost that dream inside of me though, like I gave up on my goals and I am settling for what I am instead of moving ahead and making my dreams come true.
I was on Yaz for about 2 years. I started it after I had my son. It was wonderful for a while, but recently I started getting anxiety attacks. It was horrible. My doctor put me on Paxil for the anxiety. I realized that while I was taking both medicines, I felt extremely depressed. I wasn 't sure if it was the Paxil or the Yaz, but I was late starting my new pack this last month, and I noticed I felt amazing. So I decided that it was the Yaz interacting with the Paxil. I made the decision to stop Yaz and continue with Paxil because as anyone with anxiety attacks knows, they are unbearable. I would still recommend Yaz, as long as you aren 't taking anything else that would affect your mood/hormones.
I haven 't taken any birth control at all for almost two years since having my baby and I was prescribed Trinessa 3 months ago by my midwife. Periods are short and it has cleared up my skin so much which is awesome, however the bloating is terrible. I have always been a thin person and have never had any weight issues but my stomach is so fat and bloated it looks like I 'm 2-3 months pregnant. Decreased libido is the other negative side effect that I am experiencing as well.
I got nexplanon inserted in September 2015 and loved it the first few months. My period lightened and it worked well as birth control (I haven 't gotten pregnant). I noticed some weight gain and mood swings but I thought it was worth it for not getting pregnant. But in March 2016 I started having a constant, light period. I have now ended up having to have the nuvaring to help with the bleeding and I 'll be getting the nexplanon taken out soon.
I have partial complex seizures and Vimpat has helped me not to go totally unconscious. I still have the auras, but don 't have the &quot;full blow&quot; seizures where I do not remember anything.  Weird thing is that I don 't have the strong &quot;full blown&quot; seizures, but I have more frequent aura 's.  Don 't know which is worse.  It is safer for me not to have the actual seizure, but having more aura 's during the day is scary too.  Also, it seems like my memory is getting worse and I can 't think of what it is I want to say.  My mind goes blank on me especially when trying to think of the word I am wanting to say.  My hair has dried out and have lost a lot of it too.  Not sure if Vimpat is worth all this or not!
I am nearly finishing my 2nd packet and it 's made me skin flare up so badly, the worst I 've seen it in over a year! I need advice, will this get better cos I 've only just started it ?
Sort of worked but I was sleeping all the time.  12 - 14 hours  per day and then could not move the rest of the day.  Had to stop after 10 days of being a zombie.
1/3/16.  Was told had cancer bottom of kidney and it got large Dr. Said and is pressing into spine.  Was on voltrient about 2 1/2 months and scan showed tumor size had not changed. After taking voltrient about 5 months I got very sick and could not eat or drink about 10 days. Did lot of vomiting.  Stomach hurt for many days.  Need to ask Dr if I should get back on it (mass must shrink a lot Dr says before they would consider surgery). This has been very scary as mass pressing and causing tightness twisting of left leg but I 'm doing lot of praying for self and all cancer patients. We desperately need cures. I get scans Jan 16. 
Initially it helped with anxiety and depression.  However, I started having manic episodes and rapid cycling while on it.  My psychiatrist said no more SSRIs for me, and they generally aren 't recommended for Bipolar.  Now I wish I could have some of the anti-anxiety effects of Zoloft, but that benefit is not worth the risk.  Zoloft gave me slight sexual side effects, overeating, and minor headaches.  That being said, it is a miracle for some.
My teen is on first week of Abilify &amp; Strattera will be added in another week for ADD. He had been on Focalin for ADD/ADHD which we thought worked the best of all. ADD meds we tried over many years BUT what we didn 't realize is that Stimulant meds (like Focalin, Concerta) can cause paranoia/anxiety and agitation, which came out in him - making his Dr think he had a secondary more worrisome disorder. Every symptom went away after stopping the Stimulant med for 2 months. I hope Abilify works as a balance for the Strattera. His Dr said no more stimulant meds for him - although they work the best. 
Dx with SLE at age 40, after years of searching for a reason why I was feeling so awful.  Treated with plaquenil and Arava  for years, with positive results.  But, recently started to have hearing issues and less relief then in the past with joint pain and stiffness.  So, my rheumatologist offered me Benlysta as an option....had first infusion on 6-22-17.  Felt tired after infusion, went right home had dinner and went to bed for around 8pm.  Woke up in the middle of the night with an awful migraine ( which last 3 days)....also felt just &quot;run down &quot;.  Having 2nd in fusion in another week...hoping for no headache this time.
I have gained 10 pounds. Doesn 't affect my mood but does affect my sex drive a little. Went from a C cup to a double D. Sounds lovely but my breasts hurt most days out of the week. I eat way more then I used to. 
I 've had it put in since 6 weeks after my 2nd son was born. It 's been 6 months. Bled and spotted for 3 months and then stopped. I love everything except the mood swings and anxiety. I 'm not the same with my family. Also my sex drive but if I can only get a hold on this anger I believe my sex drive would get better. Going to talk with my doctor about it and go from there. Hopefully it gets better.
This birth control I do like but it 's not made for the weak. I 've been bleeding since the SECOND week of having it, I got it in September it 's now almost December. My obgyn prescribed birth control pills which she said I can only use for a MONTH! The cravings are crazy &amp; I 'm also so much meaner than I was before. I 've gained weight, which is a plus for me but may not be for someone else. I now get acne that I didn 't get before and my breast are always tender (they 've grown but they HURT) I feel the rod release the hormone too, which is painful but other than all that it is effective and unlike depo, I 'm not as weak and tired anymore &amp; my headaches aren 't as strong and my bones don 't ache nor does my joints anymore.
I 'm 41 and was prescribed provera because on August 23 of this month will be 3 months I haven 't had my period! I have been reading about it like crazy! My test results came back normal! Can someone tell me that after the 10th day on the pill I will get my period! I have severe headaches and bloating!
Switched to Abilify from a high dose of Risperdal. Weight gain much less of an issue with Abilify, but drowsiness, depression and lethargy are a problem. Does not help with any negative symptoms. Abilify maintains a mental state with minimal psychotic symptoms for me, but also causes lactation and motivational problems.
Prevented pregnancy; however, caused me to gain 15 lbs, break out badly on my face, have mood swings weekly, and be dry as a bone during sex
I was diagnosed with Tourette 's Syndrome when I was 11 years old. I had tried a couple of medications before this one that didn 't help too much. Although this medication helped tremendously, the side effects were too much. My appetite greatly increased on top of gaining weight from the medication itself. I had no energy and had gained 100 pounds within a year. I am now 25 years old and this medication changed my relationship with food. I recently had bypass surgery due to overeating throughout my life as well as an inability to lose enough weight trying methods like healthy diet and exercise. Although this medication is helpful treating the tics, please use with caution.
I 've been taking Natazia for 2 months after being on Yaz for 2 years. I 'm having a problem with bloating on this pill. I gained about 5 pounds within the first few weeks of taking it, which I can only attribute to excess fluid retention. I feel so fat on this pill, despite the fact that I work out all the time. I had clear skin while on Yaz, and am now getting acne on my back and my neck. Also, Natazia is supposed to reduce your period, but I have seen no change in mine. I 'll be going back to Yaz next month.
I got the implant inserted at the end of April last year. I found the insertion a bit painful, but it was probably because I was stressing about it! (So try and stay calm - and definitely look away if you don 't like needles). Overall I like the implant and how hassle free it is. I have had some problems with on/off bleeding though, so I use norethisterone sometimes to settle it down However I could bleed again at any time and I have no idea when that might be, which is a bit annoying. My skin is also constantly breaking out with hormonal spots, which is even worse when I 'm taking norethisterone. Apart from that, no problems :)
I 'm finishing up my first month on Spintec. So far here 's what I 've gotten out of it. I do not feel like it has made me gain weight at all, possibly even helped to loose some. Normal appetite and my mood seems stable (I 'm kind of an emotional mess anyways so i 'll just say its not worsened). My breasts have been soooo tender all month, like everyday. But the part that 's bothering me most is breaking out- I read a lot of people were on this bc to control breakouts. I started taking it for hormonal balance and to prevent pregnancy. I rarely ever have noticeable acne on my face, but these last two week I 've had horrible breakouts on my chin, forehead, and sides on face. I really hope its just the initial hormonal changes and it will clear up.
worked well for its immediate effects, did nothing noticeable in the long term.
Well,  I 'm not pregnant but my skin is a mess and PMS symptoms have been terrible. I hate this stuff,  pharmacy gave it to me as a generic for Aviane and I will pay out of pocket before I ever accept it again. I 've been on two other generics w/o any side effects, cystic acne just isn 't worth it.
5years diagnosed. 6 years pain before diagnosis.  I 'm on disability.  I 'm taking 3 15 mg Oxy.  I take 2 the first hour &amp; one more mid afternoon.  I also have 30 Valium available a month. The Valium can boost the Oxy a bit.  I also use 5% Lidocaine patches, a struggle to get but worth it.  I 'm gonna need more Oxy soon and I know it will be a battle.  
Orsythia was the first birth control pill I had ever been on, and for the first 2-3 months I had extreme nausea when taking it, which I was warned by my doctor that that could be a side effect in the adjustment period. I would take the pill at night and made sure I ate something before I took it, but I would still get extremely nauseous. My periods were not affected by Orsythia, but I did notice it helped reduce cramping. The main problem I had with Orsythia was the weight gain, which was a substantial amount. I gained about 25 pounds in the year of taking Orsythia, and I have never gained that much weight in that time span ever before. My doctor is switching me to a different birth control.
I decided to go back on sertraline (Zoloft) 50 mg after experiencing anxiety and depression. I have started on it and 2 days into it I am feeling sick. I lost so much weight. It also made me tremble and get chills. I have diarrhea and vomiting. 
Left a review when I initially started, said I 'd update it after a while of taking the pill. PROS: Regulated and lightened period; effective birth control. CONS: Mild increase in acne; slight spotting in the beginning; nausea; cramping. Nausea and cramping got worse the week before, during, and after my period. By the time I got my period during fourth month, this affected my daily life. Really interrupted my digestive functions - bowel movements ranging from constipation to diarrhea, bloating, general queasiness. On my period during fifth month, actually vomited. Also exponentially increasing depressed feelings. Never before had these problems on my period. Decided to stop taking it because at this point I just want to be happy and healthy
I have been taking a gram of Biaxin a day for the last 25 days and have noticed a horrible discoloration of my teeth.  I have two more months to go on the study.  I hope this is reversible.  
Six years ago I used to suffer from bad panic attacks to a point it turned into bipolar I got put in rehab for it I was very suicidal after a week of medication I was my normal self for years... But recent I am suffering from anxiety disorder, I hear and feel my own heart beat 24/7, I was waking crying and I can 't relax at all just constant edgy-ness, I felt cold all the time had heart palptations and I lost a stone due to this.. My doctor put my on 10mg citalopram Hydrobromide, side effects vomiting, tremor and vivid dreams. I do feel not as edgy but it 's still early to say I 've been taking them for two days so it 'll take a while to kick in I think but will update.
Switched from Ortho-Cyclen (Sprintec) bc of decrease in libido. Have trialed twice &amp; both times have had weight gain (10-15lbs), increased acne (I don 't normally break out), and uncontrollable emotions. I literally would cry all month long, not just the week before my period. I have been super irritable &amp; have unpredictable mood swings. After this month (the 3rd month of taking) I will be discontinuing &amp; attempting a non-hormonal contraceptive - as I am prone to depression &amp; this medication is junk.
60% improvement in pain. 20 years with Fibromyalgia. 46 old female. 110 lbs. Have not seen one mention of thoughts of death or suicide. I experienced this at the 25mg 2X/day. Experience less depression and crying less though. Found myself singing at times and noticed pain not as intense and it was normally extreme. Less neuropathy. Had night sweats. Feeling extreme cold especially hands and feet. Had no drive and wanted to just sit or lay down and not complete or attempt chores. Could not focus and forgetful.I was on Elavil before that made me feel like a zombie but did help with mobility but not so much for pain. The doctor wants me off Savella in two days because of the suicidal thoughts. Says he can 't help and sending to pain management.
After taking Acetimenaphen one hour prior to my appointment as directed by my doctor, I experienced no pain having the device installed. I did, however, have pretty painful cramping for four hours about after 30 minutes after Mirena was inserted on September 27th. (2 weeks after my last period had ended). I had light spotting for 2 days, then my period came a week later as scheduled on October 5th. I had no severe cramping/migraines as I typically do and my flow went from very heavy (before Mirena) to mild/light (after Mirena). Although my period ended after the typical 7 days, I continued to have light spotting/discharge for 21 days until my period started again on October 31st. I 'm now at 28 days of having some sort of blood/discharge with no relief in sight. My sex life is non-existent, the hormones are also affecting my mood (not in a good way) and I 've developed acne at 42 on my usually pristine skin. A 3-6 month adjustment window filled with acne, mood swings, no sex and irregular bleeding is not looking so appealing. I 'm now considering removal.
I have about 3months with the &quot;device&quot; and I have noticed anxiety, weight gain, lack of energy all I want to do is sleep and well bleeding/spotting every day. I didn 't want an IUD bc I had a friend who got pregnant and I did not want to risk it. I didn 't want to take the pill either bc I am really bad at keeping track. I like the fact that I can have intercourse with my husband and I do not have to worry about if I get pregnant but that 's about it. I am still sexually active, no depression, no acne, just what I mentioned above tired 90% of the time, sleepy 80%, spotting every day95%, weight gain &gt;_&lt; sucks. But I think it all depends on the person 's metabolism and their daily activity
I have been taking Seasonique for almost three months.  I did not have a period until three weeks ago and I have been on my period for 3 weeks.  It is very light, I have read through the information and it says your period can last for over 20 days.  I do have a call into my doctor to see how much longer I need to have my period before I need to be concerned.
InVega did treat my crazy and voices and strange behavior but it left me feeling empty and unmotivated and things just aren 't the same. The depression gets me to suicidal thoughts but I won 't hurt myself hell I hardly do anything everything sucks now and Idk. I would only recommend this drug to people who are dangerously insane because it is very strong and it 's effects last long after discontinuing. But I will say I pitty any person who has to ever take it cuz there are things worse than death.
Makes me mean. Hostility sets in and have to take a nerve pill.
I am not using this again. I tried the monistat 1, did no good, so went back and bought the monistat7. I was in hell. The first night, after inserting ,it started itching and burning so bad. I thought it maybe was just me. So the second night, I inserted it an right away, started itching burning so bad, I had to get a cold rag and tried to wash it as much as I could. I have decided I will not be taking it for the other 5 day!!!!!!!!!!! There is a issue with this medicine. should be pulled from shelfs, too many horror stories.
I have taken this BC for close to 10 months. I have gained so much weight and I have the worse moods. I already have issues with anxiety and depression and this has made is worse. My acne still comes and goes. I am determined to stop this medication. In the other hand my periods have been fabulous. Before I would throw up and have horrible cramps.
My body had developed resistance for the  sitagliptin after 45 days of use. Sitagliptin worked fine with my body for 40-45 days and became ineffective later. My doctor switched me to glipizide/glimepiride which works with my body effectively even after 1 yr use along with metformin combination.
Is expensive but takes the edge off. I use for L-spine DJD and combine with 300mg Neurontin for best effect. Less problems with gastrointestinal upset without hassle of narcotics. Some skin irritation (ask for a sample if you have sensitive skin). Some trouble keeping in place.
I have been on Claravis for a couple of months now. I developed moderate acne as an adult and it was those difficult ones under your skin that were impossible to get rid of. I tried all the over the counter stuff but I realized that they all have the same ingredients. So even though they sound amazing on T.V, they 're all a waste of money. I was skeptical about Claravis at first but I was just so frustrated. I 'm on my 3rd month now and I 've only gotten ONE pimple since I started it and it was during the first month. As far as the downsides, I 'm only really experiencing dry lips and dry skin in patches. But that could be because I have eczema. Other than that, I haven 't experienced anything else.
I have been on Irbesartan now for 3 years I am currently on 150/ day but since July 1st 2017 my blood pressure readings have been for eg. 157/100 , 149/100 , 149/97 so does any buddy think I should be on maybe 2 pills per day ? I have not changed any thing in my diet I am. It over weight have not been drinking &amp; do not eat salt and I absolutely have never smoked in my life but I am 54 any ideas out there that could keep my blood pressure lower until Friday at 3:30 when I go to my doctors appointment ? This is rediculously high readings as I I do not want kidney damage or any other issues that Re caused by high blood pressure
Peripheral Neuropathy : Used Lanacane on area of leg and several toes during the day for relief overand above four pain medications I take.In spring of 2012 I developed a low red blood count (5) and needed transfusion.After many tests  including bone biopsy was diagnosed with MDS and setup for Procrit . I had 1 injection and started  researching my disease  &amp; quicklydiscovered info on benzocaine. I stopped using immediately &amp; have hadnormal tests since then.  I lay no blame on anyone but myself because thiscream is meant for temporary use only and I used it for probably 5 or 6 yrs.Thank you for your interest. I am a 74 yr female.
I 've had my Nexplanon for 18 months. It has prevented pregnancy..... so it gets a score of 10 for that.I have also been lucky because my periods have all but stopped! Love that! However, I am trying to get an appointment as I speak to have it removed, for these reasons:Weight gain.... About 20 pounds.Tired, cranky, and depressed (just feel like crap EVERY DAY).An increase in RLS episodes..... By about 50%.It wasn 't for me.
This is the best medicine for sleep and having no manic problems. But I was 98 pounds (super tiny) now 203lb from risperdal. What is the point of being on something if it works for biploar but makes you obese?
Went on a 5 day cruise. Usually get motion sickness very easily.  So trying to avoid that my dr gave me the patch with the understanding that it would only last 3 days. Since it was a 5 day cruise, she gave me 2. They worked awesome! Stayed very thirsty the whole trip but not one time was I sick. After we got off the boat and made it back home I removed the patch. I have been so dizzy and nauseated that I can 't work, can 't drive my car, can 't do anything without the room spinning. Not sure the after effects of the patch were worth it.
I took Celexa yrs ago for mild depression &amp; it helped. Then stopped. Now I 'm taking 20 mg for major depression &amp; it 's not doing much. The side effect is an upset stomach. I still just want to stay in bed. I also take 1 mg of Klonopin at 11:00 pm so I can sleep through the nite.  I am thinking of asking my pdoc for Wellbutrin or Effexor. I 'm not in a good place.
I 've taking viread for 8 months now and my viral count has down significantly but side effects are lethargic, stomach discomfort, muscle weakness and the worst is my lower back. I was wondering whether my kidneys can 't handle the medication.
I have been on the Nuva ring for almost 3 full years. I would agree with many other reviewers- zero sex drive. When I do have sex I have to use tons of lubrication which my body lacks terribly- I am wondering if the ring is what is causing the dryness during sex. I also feel like it causes irritation periodically. I also found that it will sit low and need to be adjusted sometimes. I am really considering consulting with my doctor and getting off permanently. On the flip side- never gained weight, was super easy to insert and forget about, maintained periods, didn 't feel like it caused moodiness or was mentally hazardous.
Was put on Lyrica for recurring hip pain (&amp; lower back pain). By one month I was on 2x75mg morning &amp; night. Greatly reduced the pain, but I felt like I was constantly forgetful &amp; would have brain fogs constantly. Have gained just a little weight, but can 't do much with my hip anyway. The one thing that has made my Dr decrease the dose back to one a night very quickly, was I became depressive. Unfortunately, would prefer to deal with the pain &amp; find something else, than feel that way. It is effective for pain relief (I found), but unfortunately I suffered some of the bad side effects.
Loestrin Fe did a lot better than the  'Lo Loestrin Fe '. I only got this prescription because my insurance covers it and it 's similar to what I was taking before-just less hormones. (They apparently discontinued the birth control I used to take).  Since I 've been on this one, I 've been a little moodier, more acne, breast tenderness and cramping without periods.  I 've lost weight and my cup/bra size actually got smaller.  Honestly, it 's starting to freak me out a bit because I haven 't been this tender with a birth control, only while pregnant with my two children.  I take it as it 's prescribed-same time, every day, never skipping a dose.  Hitting my 3rd month on it, no periods or spotting at all.
First of all I am not diabetic.  I have been injecting Victoza for 1 month with &quot;no&quot; loss of appetite.  I started injecting .6mg for 3 weeks and 1.2mg for the past week.  I am 290 lbs. and have been on a weight plateau for over 2 weeks loosing only 1.6 pounds.  At 74 years of age, I 'll be over 80 before I reach my goal of 250 lbs.  I am sedentary, eating only 1,400 calories a day.  I know, &quot;eating more to loose more.&quot;  It doesn 't work for me.Question: Can Victoza not work for some people because of their metabolism?
Generalized anxiety disorder - 22 year old male.Paxil did help with my anxiety however, it made things seem more dull. The things I used to enjoy became boring. I stopped taking it after 2 months. I 'm now starting Effexor XR. No other side effects.
I 'm 57 and have been using Estrace cream sporadically for about a year.  I 've found the drug component to be pretty effective, but I just hate that greasy goop it 's put in.  I seems to leave a trail for days as it leaks out.  I would prefer something that absorbs better.
If you want results real fast, Epiduo is wonderful. I noticed a complete face transformation within the first month of use. I only felt burning the first week. The only real downside is that it causes lots of peeling. I have to use an exfoliating facial scrub every other day just to keep the flakes off my face. So, the product itself is great, but the dried up mess of skin it leaves on your face... not so much.
I 've been on this medication for about a month, and it 's been a mix of good and bad for me.The good:- no babies- cleared up my acne- bigger fuller breasts :3- I 've had IBS my entire life, and this has nearly completely done away with my symptoms. Bizarre but appreciated.- I struggle with depressive feelings, and there were two days while on this medication that I genuinely felt really good. It was better than being on an SRI. Not a big deal for some, but this was huge to me.The bad:- overall increased depression and anxiety. I have a pretty bad case of social anxiety as it is, but on this medication I worry constantly. - decreased libido. This might be due to my mood.I 'm looking into switching to something else.
Ventolin is a good product actually it makes me feel relieved whenever asthma hits me, I take 2-3 puffs and after a short span of time,  I can breathe easily already. But I would like a Ventolin that doesn 't need to be refilled because it so pricey that sometimes I have to sacrifice some things in order to prevent my asthma from hitting me from time to time. I would really appreciate it if someones innovates this kind of product.
I have been on Levothyroxine 0.25mg for about 6 weeks. I am border line low thyroid.  I am shaky and tired sometimes. Because I have had a kidney transplant I must take lots of Calcium and Vitamin D.  I take Levothyroxine about 7am and at 9am I must take my kidney medicines with food. I have started using a no Calcium coffee creamer instead of milk. I take Calcium and Vitamin D at noon and with the evening meal along with a multivitamin.  Since I made these adjustments I hope to see an improvement soon.
I have been taking Monodox now for about a month. It does help a lot with pimples but I still get cystic acne. I have been getting extremely nauseous every time I take it, and that seems to be getting worse the longer I 've been on the medication. I do take it with food and that doesn 't seem to help. My doctor told me to take both at the same time but I was wondering if taking only one at a time would that reduce the nausea or just make me feel that way twice. I do like the medication but my nausea is debilitating for almost half an hour which isn 't helpful in my work day at all.
I had been on Prystiq for about 8 months, but I thought my mood swings, irritability, paranoid thoughts, anxiousness, etc, were a thing of the past.  Also, Prystiq is an expensive drug that is not covered by my pharmacy coverage.  So, I quit cold turkey.  Brain zaps, zombie mode, feeling horrible were all part of what I endured, but the symptoms quickly subsided.  What came back a month after stopping Prystiq was the little dark cloud and all over the other things that I thought were in my past.  I was having difficult coping.  Now, I am on day two of effexor (which costs pennies on the dollar as compared to Prystiq).  The nausea is intense but I know that if I stick with it the results will be all for the best.
I did a fair amount of research of which testosterone treatment to try. After reading the reviews I chose Axiron. Unfortunately, my results weren 't that great. After 4 weeks on 30 mg per day, my levels actually dropped . My doctor increased the dose to 90 mg and did a recheck 2weeks later. A little improvement but still below where I was before I even tried Axiron. My doctor referred me to a urologist who is running tests to rule out if it 's something else causing the low levels, but in the meantime, recommended Testim. After reading these reviews I 'm not looking forward to Testim but will give it a try. It 's a LOT more expensive. 
I hate this drug so much I can hardly stand it. Unfortunately, this (with Cipro) seems to be the only viable treatment. Hate this so much I waited 2 weeks hoping it would go away by itself. Now on day 3. Sick as a dog. Nausea. Uncontrollable diarrhea. Dreadfully groggy, like I 've taken sleeping pills. Lucky I 'm retired, I can 't leave the house. Can 't get off the couch.
I 've taken these antibiotics before for tonsillitis in the past and the first time I had a pilonidal cyst and every time I dread it. This is the second time a pilonidal cyst has started to grow. On top of not being able to lie on my back and sit down without pain, the sleepless nights have been awful every time! The taste in your mouth is horrible and makes me feel ill. Woke up five times in the night and my body felt so weak. They may do the trick but taking them is a challenge
Worked for me the first year I took it but then it started to have really bad side effects. I have ADD but I don 't have hyperactivity and I was getting socially awkward and having anxiety and even depression. I don 't recommend it for someone who 's not hyperactive.
I take Januvia 100mg once daily with metformin and glyburide, and I it works.
When I first started taking it, I thought it was great. I took the 20 's twice a day with 10 mg hydro for breakthrough. I have been on it a year and my doctor said I needed the 30 mg but he is closing his practice and won 't change any prescriptions before he goes. He said I needed the 30s about a year ago but then wouldn 't make the change. I took myself off of them. They only gave me about 3 hours of relief after taking 2 hours to be effective. So now I am looking for a new doctor who will just give me 30mg of hydrocodone a day. That 's all I need.
I 've have an extreme case; it starts in my legs and finds it 's way to the arms and everywhere else.  I 've spent more nights than I care to remember screaming into my pillow.  Requip completely quiets the syndrome - 100%.  But...then I spend the next two hours wishing I hadn 't taken it, due to the endless projectile vomiting.  I cannot take it, as I had developed hypophosphatemia from the vomiting.(I now take Klonopin 1 mg at bedtime, and it prevents RLS extremely well.)
I was prescribed Zoloft 50mg/day for anxiety/stress. I had previously taken Prozac and felt it didn 't do a thing for me except decrease my sex drive tremendously. I 've only been taking the Zoloft for 4 days and was told to take it at night as it might cause drowsiness. First night, my heart raced slightly, felt jittery, couldn 't sleep and had to move my legs constantly, also found my hands shaking some during the day. Second night, no heart racing, but still cant sleep and have to move legs and feel slightly jittery, but feel fatigued during the day. Third night, just restless legs and not sleepy... feel tired during the day. I 'm going to start taking it in the mornings and see if that will help. I need sleep. No other side effects so far.
Before this IUD I was on the pill for about 3 years. I have now been on this IUD for 5ish months and I was told that my period would lighten and maybe even go away and cramping would be minimal. While I was on the pill my period was 4 days and didn 't have much cramping. When I was getting the IUD I was SO excited to maybe not have to deal with a period anymore??? I got my hopes too high because now my period is 8 days if I 'm lucky and the cramps I get are almost unbearable. And not to mention the pimples I now get... I love the IUD because of how effective it is and you don 't have to worry about taking a pill at the same time everyday, but oh my goodness every time I get a cramp I want to cry... I wish I was as lucky as some other girls
This drug makes me dizzy and light headed in about 5 hrs after. That is why that you take it at bedtime when you can and always on a empty stomach. The amount 600 mg in Atripla is not necessary for the same medical effect. The latest study in The Lancet, showed that 400 mg a day as working just as well as 600 mg with less side effects. Also CD4 counts are slightly improved on 400 mg vs 600 mg as well. I take 400 mg a day and I have experienced a marked improvement in being able to tolerate this drug and reduce my dizziness and light headed and possible nausea with the vertigo. I take this with one truvada a day.Reference:Lancet 2014; 383: 1474%u201382Published OnlineFebruary 10, 2014http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/S0140-6736(13)62187
I have been taking Junel Fe for 1 compelte year after switching from loestrin because of the expenses. Personally it did great for me for preventing birth control. But I gain 18 pounds and always have food cravings. My breast gained 2 cup sizes and are always sore...it 's hard to sleep. My emotions are all over the place I can be fine one minute then I am angry and crying my eyeballs out the next for no reason. My anxiety increased severely and I wwaaas depressed. My acne got worse and my periods were awful. Obviously this pill wasn 't for me. I am finishing my pack and then starting a new one that my doc prescribed. It 's the generic for Yaz which has me worried. But I will give it a try since I know my doctor would not reccomend if  not safe
The first night there was no problem. Since then every time I have attempted to use it, it really hurt. I am thinking at this point I 'd rather sweat.
Rapid  weight  gain,  even when  dieting.
I am so extremely disappointed. I had such high hopes because I have this somewhat irrational fear of IUDs fusing with my uterus, which in addition to my inability to remember to take the pill on time, made the nexplanon seem perfect for me. But these past three years have been horrible! I only left it in so long hoping things would even out, plus its convenient and let 's be honest, kind of cool. But the biggest effect I experienced was the complete decline of my libido. It completely vanished and my overall energy went with it. My periods have been so ridiculously erratic, too. Sometimes I won 't have it for two months and then I 'll get it three times over the course of four weeks. I definitely would not recommend this.
I wanted to love spironolactone. It cleared up my hormonal acne within a month and never let me down. I thought I had finally found the perfect solution to my problem. But after taking it for about a year, I suddenly gained almost twenty pounds. All of the weight gain was in the thigh and hip areas, places I had not experienced weight gain before. Nothing had changed in my daily routine. I work out almost every day and a healthy diet is just part of my lifestyle. I visited the doctor a few weeks ago and she recommended I stop taking it and see what happens. So far, I haven 't been able to lose much weight and my acne is already starting to resurface. I 've already tried Accutane once and don 't want to do it again.
Worked okay, and then stopped working about 4-5 months in. Good for anxiety however I gained about 25lbs on this medicine. Hard to be happy and have tons of fun when you look like tons of fun.
I 'm 17 and I had my Mirena inserted today. I 've never had a child nor have I been pregnant. The insertion only took about 4-5 minutes. Yes, it was painful but not unbearable but that was only because I 've never had anything in or out of my cervix other then being on my period. I had cramping, but because of the ibuprofen I fell asleep as soon as I got home. When I woke up all the pain was gone. The experience was uncomfortable but overall it was a fast easy process.
I 'm 42 years old and was having irregular periods, had tests and ultrasound done and discovered I had a 1mm sized cyst on each of my ovaries. Was told that cysts are normal and at my age am entering pre menopause. Just had liletta IUD inserted today, 2 hours ago to be exact. Was very painful, took 800 mg of ibuprofen, and still feel pain mostly on lower left side of back and bloating. I will post again in a few days to update my experience.
I have been on Mononessa for about 18 months...I have put on 20 pounds.  I have tried to lose the weight while on the meds but I lost 10 pounds and plateaued.  I am so done.  I just turned 40 and have decided to go with a no hormone permanent solution!
The side effects of this medication were hard to deal with-occasional nausea, moodiness, blurry vision, and the worst side effect by far was the drowsiness. It was hard to even get out of bed a lot of days and had no motivation to do anything.
I had the Kyleena inserted today and OMG IT HURT!!! I had the Mirena inserted 6 weeks after giving birth so it was a breeze since my uterus was still somewhat open. This experience was horribly different for me, my youngest is now 5, so my uterus is not as open. I went in expecting a simple procedure like I had in the past, but no. My doctor did not advise me to take any pain reliever before hand. It was so painful I almost past out and/or threw up. The nurse had to give me a cold cloth and fan me. After it was finally over, maybe a few mins, which felt like an hour, I felt dizzy and sick. I had to stay in the room and lie down for a bit. I have been bleeding, clotting and cramping all day. Anesthesia should be offered! I hope its worth it!
I have been on the depo shot since I was 15! (11 years now) I love the shot I have never had an issue, after my first couple weeks on it I never got a period again unless I missed a shot and had to wait for a period to get it again. I swear by it one of the greatest thing you don 't forget to take it daily no cramps no period nothing up your private area. Until this past year, issues I have been having all added up and led to this shot. I 'm 26 years old and have osteoporosis that of an 80 year old, the smaller of my breast became 2 sizes larger, my migraines increased to weekly with vision loss, itchy sore breasts, random stomach pains and nausea. Also I have not changed my eating habits or daily routine I have out on 25lbs in the past 6mon.
I would say this is an okay medicine. It works wonderfully at preventing pregnancy. I 've been on it for a year and the only problem I 've run into is horrible mood swings and depression the entire sugar pill week. Otherwise I 've had shorter periods, lighter periods but pretty bad cramps. 
Not terrible, but not great. I 've only been on it for one month so far, but I 've been constipated, bloated, and my eyes have been bugging me/ I got nauseous for the first two weeks of use, to the point that I had to take prescription medication for nausea. There 's no difference in my skin (still pretty clear), and I get headaches periodically. I 've also had trouble concentrating. This did nothing for cramps either. I didn 't get pregnant, so I guess it 's doing it 's job, but I 'll probably switch to another brand.
I take the extended release once a day. I recently got a dose increase for my extreme fatigue. It has been about 3 weeks and I do not like the symptoms that occur with it. I feel like a zombie, I don 't enjoy talking when I am on my medicine, I get extremely bad frequent headaches, I am even more tired when it wears off but I am unable to sleep, I get really irritable and moody. With the lower dose the main problematic symptom I would have was the dry mouth, but that was manageable.
I got the implanon in 2013 I believe and my experience has been pretty confusing. I mean it works, you won 't get pregnant but I 've had my arm go numb and burn from having it. I don 't have a period anymore which I 'm not complaining but I still get the cramps and they are worse than they used to be. I 've gained a lot of weight and considering I have bipolar disorder my moods did change but they have gotten worse since I 've been on the implanon but other than all the complaints I have it works the way it is supposed to
I 've been put on loestrin 20 now for so far 3weeks I 've two days left of the first pack! My experience already has mostly been positive I 've had less cramping after my last period as I started it on the first day of cycle, I 'm able too go too the bathroom more frequently as I would have got backed up at certain times in the month with m.c and ovulation.y breasts have filled out lol I 'm only a size 8 and have a small bust and my skin has cleared on my face. I do suffer with endo and my doctor put me on this as a last resort basically. I 've spotted throughout the month but I did anyways so don 't know if I can blame it on this. She did advise me that diff positions-during intecourse can help &amp; not flare the endo up which bothered me.
I 've been taking birth control for three years now. The Orsythia is the only birth control that has made me gain weight, I 'm constantly hungry. I get moody a lot. And I 've  only taken this pill for three months.
I have been taking this medicine now for 6 weeks and am experiencing tremendous flushing with it. So far it hasn 't helped my blood pressure go down much. Doctor says give it a little while longer. One day I almost passed out, got light headed and felt like I was in another dimension! Doctor says he can 't say for sure it was a side effect of this medicine. I will keep trying it for awhile longer.
Nitro reduced the ITU symptoms in day 1, however I had a very annoying side effect: pain in my eyes. Every time I would look to the side my eyes would hurt very badly. Started on day 2 and I had to stop taking the medicine on day 3. I then took ciprofloxacine and everything went well.
Worked well at first, but then stopped working, I have to take 5mg melatonin every night, 6mg prazosin (for PTSD nightmares), and 50mg of benadryl now for it to promote sleep onset successfully. I feel my body wakes up around 6am, (depending on the time I take it mostly). I don 't know if it 's my body becoming completely dependent on Lunesta to sleep, or taking my Prazosin lasting only about 6 hours causes my blood pressure to rise when it wears off making me wake up, or if I have back issues making me awake after it wears off. I think since I have delayed sleep phase disorder, my body has become too accustomed to the medicine to remain asleep due to the long duration of action, in comparison to the short duration of action of ambien.
Made me irritable.
I remember when my insurance company covered OxyContin.  That drug was EXTREMELY effective at controlling my chronic pain.  This oxycodone hcl (generic) seems to be FAR less effective, even when taking the same amount of milligrams per day.
I 've been using Belviq for a little over a month. I start on 12-9-15 at the weight of 277.4 and today on 1-16-2016 I have lost 13lbs total. I did have stall the second week taking the medication. I try to watch what I eat and how much I eat. I had no side effects of any kind I really do like this medication. It helps me to stop craving for foods I shouldn 't have at all. My goal for the end of the year to drop down to 75lbs.  Good luck to those who 's giving the Belviq a try.
I have only been on it for about 4 days. I noticed I have been feeling dizzy. Not sure whats causing it. I take Tradjenta with Metformin. I am hoping this medicine works but saw something if your planning on becoming pregnant not to take it. Some days I wonder if insulin would be better.
I am 29 I started getting cystic acne when I was 21 right out of the blue! I had tried everthing you can think of every home remedy EVERYTHING! Literally! Finally my derm prescribed spirolactone 50 mg a day. After two months my skin was perfect and I went from ugly cystic pimples too nothing. After a year I stopped taking it biggest mistake of my life. 8 months later my cystic acne Is full blown ...I 'm back on spirolactone 100 mg a day and my face is a mess I have to start all over I highly recommend that once you start this medication do not stop!!!! I 'll give another update in a month but right now I hate my face and can not deal with it I do not know what to do
5 '4 start weight 251 lbs. Started Victoza March 8, 2017 and lost 5 lbs in 2 weeks. I was put on this medicine because I was recently diagnosed with diabetes. I also have a thyroid disorder that I 've been dealing with the pass 10+ years and have had difficulty with weight loss.  It slightly decreases my appetite but I am still hungry. I don 't forget to eat, I just don 't have the constant hunger.  Most of the time I don 't even feel the needle stick. When I do feel it, it 's painless. In the first 2 weeks, I may have had some heart burn or acid reflux type symptoms but that was only for a couple of days and not severe, very minor.  I haven 't exercised in the two weeks since starting because of another issue but will start back this week.
I have been taking this for almost a year. I was in the hospital over the week end. They thought I had a stroke. The doctor checked my scripts and told me my high blood pressure and a lot of my other symptoms were caused by this drug. I  have been off it for 2 days now and really feel a LOT better. This medication was a mirical pill that worked great but the side effects are too much for me. I ended up with almost all of them.
I have only been on for a week and a half.  I have not had any side effects.  I take 10mg every day.  For a little background on myself. My Total Cholesterol has been over 400 for a long time.  I was pretty adamant about reducing my TC without statins.  Finally I decided to give them a try.  My last blood test had my Cholesterol in the 300 zone which is an improvement for me.  I am into bodybuilding, and that entails me to Bulk up and then Diet down.  Weirdly enough my &gt;300 Cholesterol reading was in my Bulk up Phase where I am 260lbs and carrying more Bodyfat than normal.  I low carb during my lean phases where I cut out all starch carbs and sugars.  Doctor thinks its a hereditary Cholesterol problem. I never get over 15% bf.
Just started taking this for a cough and all I 've done when taking this is vomit and have the worst case of nausea ever.
Nasacort was good news/bad news for me. The past year I 've had terrible post nasal drip that my Zyrtec and Astepro were not taking care of, so I added the Nasacort. I had terrible coughing attacks day and night. In a few days on this spray, the drip is so much better and coughing much less. The bad news is this usually fun loving, peaceful, yoga type, meditating, tree hugger kind of girl wants to pick a fight and punch someone in the nose. Steroids! I can 't take steroid pills, but my doc insisted this was not absorbed by the body. I think it 's safe to say he was wrong. It 's the middle of the night and I 'm pacing the floor. My apologies to the person I pick a fight with today. At least my nose won 't drip on you.
I was taking baclofen for a few months, when I noticed it made me sweat like crazy. It seems that after the initial start of the medication, it just became ineffective. I felt relief for the muscle tightness and random spasms, but now I don 't want to take it because it makes me sweat so much. I am hoping I can try Soma. There seems to be a lot of positive reviews.
I was diagnosed with ADD 2 weeks ago, along with depression/anxiety at the age of 33.  My doctor wanted to treat the ADD first thinking the other issue would clear up so he started me on 18mg of Concerta.  The first week I would take one pill, and then this week increase it to 2 pills.  I haven 't been on this medication like others have and I am experiencing so many side effects...i.e. nervousness, no appetite, headaches in the morning, cant sleep, paranoid for no reason.  I feel like its doing the opposite of what it should.  The first day I actually was able to just focus on one task and was able to get the laundry done.  I will be talking to my doctor about other medications.
Was effective and liked it but it is expensive and can 't afford it.  I had no side effects.
Used this product for 2 years. BE CAREFUL. It was very effective in clearing ALL of my acne. As a result of this cream, I previously got seborrheic dermatitis which I had to cure with antibiotics and it gave me a scar. It also made my skin swollen and the scar more visible, it feels as if it stops your skin from repairing and keeps stripping it of all moisture even if moisturising constantly. It makes your skin very dry.  I stopped using it two weeks ago as I thought the side effects outweigh the positives and my skin feels much better. The scar is less visible and healing. Currently using glycolic acid with differin and I 'm on the dretine contraceptive pill, moisturising with mango butter (non-comedogenic) - very effective.
I got prescribed this a few month ago and I seen a difference within a week or so UNTIL I noticed how dry and flaky my skin was getting I couldn 't bare it no longer as I was itch, itch and itch HOWEVER I was back to my doctors and got prescribed the same stuff only this time I am going to give it time and hope for the best results.
Started the 60 mg tablet after breakfast today. Day 1 symptoms are slight nauseous feeling after eating. Some fatigue ( swam 1.5klm today at lunch) some stomach pain and yes some urine retention.Have taken Pristiq before 100mg symptoms were same but had bad itching with pristiq. Lets see what I feel like in 3 days I know the initial period is tough. Score at this point would be NA but I 've put 5 until more time progresses. will try to give update on Monday
I 've been taking Abilify for eight months now. Although it made me gain 15-20kg (something like 33-40 lbs I believe?), my experience is quite positive. The sadness from my major depressive episode, as well as my suicidal thoughts, have been almost annihilated. The reason why I rated it as a six is because it didn 't help ease the great fatigue I have. But it helped a lot, that is for sure.
Every 2 years or so I switch birth control pills to get my body used to something new. Other than Yaz making me border line psychotic, Aviane is next at the bottom of the list. I 've been on it for about 6 months now and I had to go back to what I was on before. If I didn 't take it at the exact same time every day, I would spot and after month 3 I bled for 2 weeks straight. My acne is the worst it 's ever been and I know Aviane caused the cystic acne on my chin every month. 
I had lamenectomy surgery in 2003 which was about 40% effective. I still have constant sharp pain in my left testicle, recurring burning pain in my left calf and lower back pain. For years after surgery I have had acupuncture, chiropractic care, physical therapy and medications. I have taken methadone, morphine and oxycodone for 4 years. Now I have been taking Lyrica for a year. For the first 6-7 months it was like a wonder drug. It worked as well as anything else aside from dry mouth, weight gain and blurred vision. Now it 's not working so well. An MRI showed I have many broad based disc bulges, spondyliosis, stenosis and arthritis. Now looking at a fusion surgery. Lyrica has worked for me however it seems to be less effective than when I began taking it.
This drug has a myriad of side effects mostly headache, lethargy and insomnia
I am in my 2nd month of taking xeloda after going through 36 rounds of chemotherapy since 2013. My intake of xeloda is 3 pills every twelve hours for 7 days and off 7 days. The side effect I am experiencing is the discoloration of the inside of my hands and the bottom of my feet, they also tingle and are painful at times. I am often tired and have also had pain in my shoulder and chest. I don 't know if this medicine will keep the cancer from coming back, but I 'd rather deal with these side effects than the chemo.
Tried Ortho Tri Cyclene, I was so mentally and physically sick I had to stop on the 12th pill.  Have been on Lutera now for 4 1/2 months.  I 've been in a chronic depression/anxiety for the past 2 months. The first 2 months were great.  I 'm also on other meds so I 'm not sure if this is the cause.  Also have lost a lot of hair :(
Effectiveness: Ok, this stuff really works. No cramping - just a liquid colon blow experience.  Tips: Chill the bottles . Hold your nose and drink it quickly to get it over with . Wish I had read about biting into lemons and using lemonade to flavor it. Drinking with a straw sounds like it worked for  many on here,  but I just chugged it . And lastly but most importantly, pat , don 't wipe. Better yet, use moistened wipes!The Bad News: Tastes so horrible and the thick texture is pure disgusting torture. I was nauseous for about an hour after drinking this vile stuff. Hoping something new is invented before I need another screening!
I started Saxenda 4 days ago. Besides being tired a lot, I haven 't experienced any other symptoms. I am a bit disappointed with my appetite, I have read many people saying they can 't even bare the smell of food because they are put off. My appetite hasn 't changed. I am still hungry all the time, which is why I chose Saxenda in the first place. I am still eating smaller though, because of the price I do not want to blow my money and eat large still. I am hoping when I increase to 1.2mg on Sunday that I will start to feel my appetite decrease. I haven 't lost weight yet either, but I acknowledge it is only 4 days, plus I haven 't exercised this week. So I take responsibility for that.Anyway, I still have hope. I will report back in next week :-)
I got the implant in June 2015. Here it is september 2015 and I have had TEN periods since the insertion! I have been gaining weight, and have bad mood swings. I also feel pain in my arm some days. I think I rather take the pill EVEYDAY then bleed all month except five days...
So I have a yeast infection (duh)I inserted the ovule and I was okay30 minutes later the burning beganEvilNot happyPainVery intense weird itching burning sensationI didn 't take any pain medication because I knew it wouldn 't help because of the type of pain. This pain was terrible because it was very different that usual pain. The only thing that helped was an ice pack, Seinfeld, and whiskey.I know it 's doing its job, but it 's super annoying and painful
My only real problem with my bipolar disorder is my aggressiveness and this medicine like the other 13 I 've been on does nothing for it.
I take Lyrica for Fibromyalgia pain but have to keep the dosage low to manage the side effects. I used to take Tramadol also but it never helped so my PM switched me to Belbuca. I 've never been on opioids for my Fibromyalgia before. I was started out with 75 mcg 2x daily. The first 2 weeks were great and then it didn 't seem to help. (Not the first time I 've experienced that before). Then my Dr. increased it to 150 mcg 2x daily. It 's been about 1-1 1/2 months and it 's losing effectiveness again so I probably need to increase. I 'm scared because I have read this is still an opioid and can cause addiction which I 've experienced during a delay in refill. I 'm worried about long term effects but on good days I can spend more time with family.
I have been on this for four months now and while it almost completely controls my a fib with 80 mgs twice a day I am extremely tired to the point that I have gained forty pounds since starting it because in the evening after pushing through my whole work day all I do is sit down and I am asleep immediately.  I  have tried asking dr for different medicine but he keeps saying it it NOT the medicine making me tired.
I have had the Oxytrol patch on for only about 24 hours and understand that it takes between 24 and 48 hours to notice any improvement, so I have noticed no improvement yet. It does not stick well and I have had to put adhesive tape around the edges of the patch to keep it on.   I don 't know if I picked a bad spot (middle of my stomach) but certain ways it turn, it seems to pinch.  I used nicotine patches years ago and it seems that if these patches were smaller and less rigid, they might adhere a little better.  I like the idea of a patch lasting 3-4 days, but I would prefer using one smaller patch a day if they stuck to the skin better.
I 've been on Dilantin a short while. First month was fine. 5th week I started getting low grade fevers, nausea, pinprick rashes, slightly swollen gums. 6th week my gums were very swollen, so much that it hurts to eat and talk. No sex drive for who knows how long, acne like I 've never had before, vasodilation to the point of my entire body being red and feeling extremely hot - 98 degrees temperature, compared to a normal 80 - 85. I haven 't had any seizures, but I 'm miserable, so I 'm titrating down and will try something else.
I have been taking Apri for 2 years now. It has prevented pregnancy! That 's about it! Mood swings are horrible, appetite is horrible, no sex drive at all.
I am on my first night of a three dose combo pack. Everything was fine until I decided to use the extra tube of cream on the outside bits. It was supposed to relieve the burning and itching but it made it so much worse. I was shivering it was so awful. I had to go clean of what I could and now it 's subsided a bit. I really hope this medicine works and doesn 't cause more problems. Thanks for sharing your stories everyone!
This is a wonder drug. If you suffer from any type of anxiety, especially PTSD, and depression, especially major depression, this drug will ease your symptoms to a minimal. This is a &quot;clean&quot; feeling drugs and works great.Now the bad side: this drug has way too many side effects to recommend to anyone that is not retired or hospitalized. Without adjunctive therapy with an atypical antipsychotic this drug will make you numb and turn you into the walking dead. Cloudy, foggy, and lethargic with memory issues are the main side effects associated with this drug. Further side effects include but are not limited to erectile dysfunction and the libido of a 90 year old man. Aside from these effects this is a super SSRI!
I 've  been on Invokana for a month. I take 300mg Invokana  &amp; 2000mg Metformin a day. I 've lost 12lbs since I started Invokana. The first 2 weeks of taking Invokana I had to go to the bathroom literally every 45 minutes day &amp; night. Now it 's every 90 minutes during the day and once while sleeping. I had a horrendous yeast infection. I was constantly thirsty (worse than when I was first diagnosed with diabetes). I 'm still thirsty even after drinking 14 to 16- 8 ounce glasses a day throughout the day. Every morning I wake up thirsty. My BG hasn 't gone down much, but I haven 't been able to exercise in 2 weeks due to a back strain and my eating habits have changed a little, but they still suck. Invokana is probably ok.
I 've had Implanon for about a month now.  It is the easiest birth control and it covering you for three years is a relief.  You no longer have to worry about remembering a pill everyday or a shot every month.  I have been suffering from some side effects.  My period has been going on for about two weeks now and it stops and starts, sometimes heavy and sometimes light.  My appetite has been all over the place.  Sometimes I will have an overwhelming appetite and sometimes I can go all day with no appetite.  I 've also had mood swings, but they 're not very bad.  No harmful actions or anything like that.  So, this birth control has good and bad.  I haven 't gotten pregnant though, which is a plus and the whole purpose of birth control to start!
Had the Prevnar 13 yesterday. Couldn 't sleep last night and my arm was painful. I can 't lift my arm now and it 's very sore. I put ice packs on it and took aspirin but, so far, it hasn 't helped! Hope this is all worth it.
It worked great to regulate my moods and eventually my periods but I have to discontinue because I 'm getting recurrent yeast infections.
I am almost finished the second month in my first 3 month pack and the first five weeks were great. I only had mild nausea the first 4 days I started taking Loseasonique and it stopped pretty quickly. After 5 weeks I started spotting and it has not stopped and I am on week 9. It 's just ridiculous. I want to know when it will stop. I am going on vacation in 2 weeks and I do not want to have to carry around panty liners and tampons. I am not unsatisfied with the pill just a little disappointed that I have no idea when the spotting will end.
I have SP Multiple Sclerosis and when I first tried Ampyra I thought it was a miracle medicine. I have now been on it for over 1 year and the positive effects have unfortunately diminished. I have had shoulder pains for some time and I am going off Ampyra for 1 week to see about any changes.
Weight gain. And I feel very bloated all the time. Diminished libido also. But, its better than taking a pill everyday. Also has cleared up my acne!
I have been on Implanon for just over 6 months. As far as the insertion goes, very minimal pain. The slight bruising disappeared in a few days. I have a minute scar, but I always say I would take the scar over a child any day.  Because I am one of those individuals who worries like crazy, I took a pregnancy test monthly while on the pill. Being on Implanon is such a relief. On the negative side, I was blessed with a fairly clear complexion before Implanon. However, after Implanon I have had a GREAT increase in acne. I have also had my period every day for the last 3 months straight. Most days heavy enough for a tampon. I love the security of Implanon, however the bleeding has become irritating. I would suggest looking at intrauterine devices as well.
About 6 years ago I was diagnosed with narcolepsy and sleep apnea. I started taking Provigill 100mg once per day. Then 200 mg once per day. Then my Doctor tried me on Concerta, it had a quick peak of energy but it didn 't last at all; plus since it is a controlled substance it was harder to get. We had to go to the Doctor in person every month to get a prescription unlike other medicines that allowed pharmacy refills. My Doctor switched me back to Provigil 200 mg twice a day. This amount actually worked but most insurance plans only allow 1 200mg per day. After Nuvigil came out my Doctor switched me due to insurance company wanting to save money. Nuvigil 350 mg 1 per day does not work for me. I have a low 4hrs after I took it. 
I did not have any side effects. Loose stool the first few days bit not what I would consider diarrhea. I 'm not sure if it worked though. It helped my ears but I still have a slight sinus headache. Just finished the 10th day. Two doses a day.
Started Bydureon 3 days ago. I was sure I would be sick when started it as I was instantly sick on Byetta in the past. I was not nauseated at all on Bydureon. Bydureon was a painless shot, and I have had no side effects so far. I was on Victoza (2 years) and Trulicity (1 year). Victoza gave me major headaches when I first started it and eventually caused me to gain weight in the end. Trulicity made me blood sugar go all over for the first month and gave some pretty serious random nausea. In the end, it too felt like it was becoming less effective. I am hoping Buydureon is a good medication for me. Will report more later.
I 've used Lyrica for a while now and it seems that my body is getting so used to the drug that it 's not working like it first did. I take 75mg in the morning and 75mg at bedtime. I either need to increase my dose or find something else that will work. It 's hard to function during my days because of the pain.
I 've read through some of these reviews, and thought some were great, and others matched with me perfectly. I started Tri-Sprintec about a month and a half ago. After reading the reviews, I am going to make an appointment with my doctor to get switched to something else. Like many of the other women I have bad mood swings, am very emotional all of the time, and the way I have been mentally and emotionally lately is interfering with relationships. I used to be much happier, and before reading these reviews I was thinking I was becoming seriously depressed. I am also starting to shed a lot of hair - which I think is from stress and unhappiness. My personal experience on Tri-Sprintec was bad, but everyone 's body reacts differently.
I have a 6 month old old &amp; history of anxiety. Had strong baby blues post c-section; postpartum depression followed. Struggled on my own for months but upon trying to return to work fell hard into depression. Doc put me on 10mg Citalopram. Day 4 right now- can 't say whether its effective yet as I know its weeks and or months before we can conclusively say. Have had strong side effects though: very sore stomach, racing heart, break into sweat, dry mouth &amp; insomnia. I take pills at night as I was forewarned about the drowsiness. Willing to try this for longer though despite side effects which are likely short term. Ten years ago was on Zoloft and another antidepressant with poor results.
I was on this med for a little over a week. Right off it made me feel great everything was good. And I really liked it and I was happy I found something that worked. But after a week it started to make me really really  hungry I could not get rid of the hunger. So I had to stop taking it. I have a hard time to find a med. that works. I had the genetic tests done and there is a lot of meds I can 't take. So it is hard to find one that works. I have ADHD and there is not much meds I can take. Vyvanse was a  question but it worked well just made me hungry. I wished it did not make me hungry. Now I hope my Doctor puts me on another ADHD med.
I have been constipated for about a week or so now. I took 2 pills around 9:00 p.m. for the first time last night. I woke up around 2:00 a.m. with excruciating abdominal pains. I thought I was going to have to go to the emergency room. I 've been relieved of my constipation, but have had loose/watery diarrhea about 6 or 7 times. My stomach is still uneasy, and I am still experiencing watery/loose diarrhea at 1:45 p.m. It has done it 's job, but next time I will be taking just one.
Myrbetric caused me to have a Urinary Tract Infection. I thought I had the flu; by the time I realized I needed help I was septic and developed atrial fibrillation. Now I am on blood thinners to avoid a stroke and my OAB is worse than ever, practically ruining my life. I had to leave a family wedding to avoid a major malfunction; it is threatening my employment and my ability to do my job. I am terrified of accidents and must take extra clothes with me, even on a trip to the grocery store. It is embarrassing.  My doctor had provided me with free samples and I was taking those when it worked great for about 10 weeks, then stopped working; about 3 weeks later I was hospitalized with the UTI, septicemia &amp; AFIB with a heart rate 180 bpm.
I have been on this pill for about a year now and I just cannot deal with it anymore! I used to be so happy but lately I 'm a different person, someone who is not nice. At first I thought just I hadn 't gotten used to it yet but as more time has went on I am hateful, severely depressed, nauseated, very tired, and constantly just an unhappy person. It has effected my relationships with everyone and the next chance I get I 'm switching to something else. I 'm not saying it will do this to everyone but I know it has been awful for me. One thing it had done is what it was supposed to do, it kept me from getting pregnant.
I am on Lexapro for my anxiety and depression. I am on 10mg at first and it helps me to decrease my anxiety. Now I am on 15mg and there seems to be no effect ! I am really confuessed  now! Because the medication is making me gain weight and my heart feels weird
Causes abdominal pain and un-coordination. I usually tolerate medicines well, but not Avelox. I 'm on 4th day of usage and can 't wait till the last dose. Good luck and get well everyone.
I am a 50 year old woman who started menopause around 37. I 've been prescribed this cream and did well on it, but if I stop taking it, I tend to go back to having vaginal dryness. My main concern is that I 've never been bigger than a size 8 and now I can hardly fit into a 10. I think it 's caused weight gain and if I stop taking it, the weight does not go away. Has anyone else experienced this? 
I have had back pain for many years and percocet has helped but has grown weeker over the years. I 've asked for a higher dose but no. The Dr are afraid of treating their patients according due to being put under the radar.. But I say! If you 're treating the symptoms and the patient why do you have to worry?
I am on 320mg 3 times a day. I find that they soften my headache but I still suffer a few headaches weekly.(no where near how many I suffer without verapamil). My ankles have now decided to balloon up daily now so I need to re think my treatment and may have to try something else as I 'm not aloud a higher dose either.
I 've been on Tri-Previfem going on my fourth month. I have noticed an increase in breast size, extra water weight, tenderness in breast along with nausea and headaches. It doesn 't seem to be cooperating with my body, but I haven 't gotten pregnant, which is good. I don 't get pimples as much as I used to, and I 'm more emotional. This is my first time on birth control, and I am not satisfied with it. I will be going back to my doctor for a change.
I got skyla when it was fairly new. I just had a child and they suggested this was the in between of the two main IUDs, between no hormone and high hormone No bleeding at first but then 6 months of spotting. No trouble with sex. Eventually no periods at all.  I loved it. Then I was worried about it not working anymore since I was told could last &quot;up to&quot; 3 yrs. I had it removed. OMG I didn 't realize the changes that skyla had made to me. As soon as getting it removed i felt a difference. I was excited to have a period too. (Weird) I have had it removed for two weeks and have lost 7 lbs. I gained about 30 lbs in the 3 yrs of it! And my emotions were all out of wack, but again I didn 't realize the subtle changes. Glad it 's out!
After suffering what assumed to be a yeast infection for the last 4 days I finally was able to get to an urgent care who gave me this pill..150mg one day dose.  I took it at 9:00 am this morning and it 's now 1:48pm..the itching has gone the discharge is minimal and now it only itches slightly when I pee or wipe.. Will be happy when it 's all gone.. Amen.. What a miracle.. It did make me lethargic and tired.. I will give a solid 10 when all my symptoms are gone..
THE TASTE OF THIS MEDICINE IS SO BITTER. I HAve TO CHEW GUM AFTER, I HAD REALLY BAD STOMACH PAINS THEN DIARRHEA ALL NIGHT LONG.
I 've been taking Ambien now for about 8 months; I am also prescribed to benzos (clonazepam). Recently my doctor let me try a 7 day trial of Ambien CR- I did not feel much of a difference.  I have read many of the blogs that people have written and they seem to have the same problem as me...  sometimes it works and sometimes it does nothing!  Actually its been two weeks since I last took it until tonight and it seems to be having no effect.  If anyone has a solution I would love to hear about it.  Thanks. 
I 'm on the generic version Citolopram. First 10mg for 7 days then up 'd to 20mg. Now on that for little over 4 weeks. Still feel blah. I 've been switching when I take it to see if it helps sleep. Well apparently you need to take at night! It 's cousin to lexapro. I just took my 20mg at 9a.m.(to see) an its 2 hrs later an I 'm very sleepy. I 'm giving it 6 wks . I 'm on med #7. I hope this works. Not many left for me to try. Not much side effects with Celexa. Occasional anxiety but I also have Klonapine when needed. So going back to take at night. I am having night sweats occasionally  also but lethargy during day.
I liked this medication for a while and then it seemed to increase my anxiety rather than reduce it. I even tried going up in dosage with no effect.
I 'm 28 years old, I have a C5-6 disc herniation which causes me to have a lot of radiculopathy down my left arm. I frequently ice my neck and go to physical therapy 3x a week. I also started incorporating this medicine into my therapy a little over a month ago. Currently I 'm asymptomatic but the side effects are bothering me a bit. The heartburn and constipation annoy me yet I 'd rather have them then have all the pain/numbness and burning back.
My doctor put me on Nucynta for lower back pain because I told him tabs are taking over my life and to addictive. He said try this medicine and see if you like it. It 's less addictive. It takes care of the pain for about one hour but makes me sleepy so I can 't take them at work. Tablets made me not only work more comfortable but feel good to. So if you want to try it just remember its not like Lortabs or Percocets.
I have been taking Viibryd for about a week now and so for can 't tell a lot besides not sleeping and having night sweats only on the 10mg. So far not sure if it 's right for me or not. I have taken everything and the only thing that has worked for me is Lexapro and I was on 10 mg for a year then was on 20mg for another year but just wasn 't working anymore so I am going to give Viibryd a good shot before quitting. Think I will start taking in the morning and see how that goes.
taking 62 units, used to use lantus with no problem, have had major problem last month or so with pounding heart, and rapid pulse. Heart problem comes any time during the day, and is getting increasingly more of a constant...going to go back to Lantus, and that is too bad, but can not deal with side effects.
Ambien worked great at helping me fall asleep but was terrible with helping me stay asleep, which found out after 2 weeks of taking it, it is a sleep inducer.  I had no other side effects other than I would only get 3-4 hours of sleep a night.
I received the implant July 2015 and had it removed December 2015, it was my first &amp; last birth control. Although I love not having periods, the weight I gained and my lack of sex drive is what made me remove it. Receiving it and having it removed was easy and fast, no pain in the arm just light bruising. I am excited and I hope my body gets back to normal (I really just want to lose the 25 lbs I gained). I 'm fine with using condoms until I get married. I 've think that any form of birth control can hurt you more than help you. 
I started Contrave 6/13/16. I started at 216, 5 '4&quot;. Weighed in at 212 this AM. No side effects to speak of, other than on the first day, I had a spell and HAD to take a nap. But, since then, I 've been at work every day, seem happier, not as hungry.  I will update next week.
I found that I agree with the descriptions on here of the taste, this stuff is totally vile and I could not find a way to make it taste better. I took the first bottle around 5:30 and it was almost impossible to get down, I started having bad nausea and chills but thankfully I didn 't throw it up. It started work with 15 minutes and continued for about 2.5 hours. I took the second dose at 3am and this did not go so well. I tried using a straw this time to deal with the taste but it didn 't really help. After finishing the solution I felt very nauseous but I thought I could manage it. Unfortunately at about the 1 hour mark I was hit with a horrible wave of nausea and projectile vomited the suprep plus all of the water I had drank.
So I just got my skyla in today. I 'm not one for heavy periods usually nor do I ever get cramps. I tolerate pain quite well. I had my pap before the insertion and that was its usual pain but I will say the cramping from &quot;the pinch&quot; killed me. It hurt pretty bad but as soon as she was done it wasn 't as bad but I could not get up for quite some time. When I did I was dizzy and went to the bathroom and threw up. It took about 3 hours for me not to be in excruciating pain due to cramps, but like I said I 'm not used to them at all. Feeling better now and hopefully this thing works out. I 've looked up a lot about it and see very few negative comments.
I had been on Pristiq for about 1 year at 50mg. While on it, the feelings of depression and anxiety pretty much disappeared. However, after changing my lifestyle for the better and going off Pristiq I have been dealing with withdrawal side effects. It has been 4 weeks now and I still have the brain zaps which make me feel unsteady. These zaps have been continuous and extremely upsetting.  Add to this the deep states of sadness (mention the least sad thing and I would start crying) and the nightmares....it has been a very rough 4 weeks. For the last week I have had blood pressure swings from 110/60 to 218/111 and weakness in the large muscles of my legs and arms. For those going on or off, be careful!
Horrible stomach cramping and the erge to vomit, but never did. I think I would have rather stayed constipated! OUCH!
I 'm not completely done with the first month and I got a period. It 's longer than my usual periods and heavier. I thought it was gone and then it came back. I have noticed some change in my skin being dry and having some acne problems, which I 've never had before. What 's the point of being on birth control if you can 't have sex because of all this period business.
So I asked my dr. for this prescription after gaining almost 70 lbs with my son (who is now almost 2yrs). I am 30 yrs old, 5 '5 and 145lbs. My ideal weight is 120-125. I diet and exercise  daily but cannot drop the extra weight. I have tried a lot of over the counter diet pills with no success. I am hopeful this will help ! I will start taking these on 10/15/16 and will update every 7 days with the results.
Let me share.. A fee days ago I noticed slight irritation at the top of my vaginal opening. I didn 't think to much of it as I had changed my cleaning habits and was sure I washed way to hard and to much.. The next day it was itching.no discharge no odor but itching.. I got some anti itch cream and hoped for the best.. Today comes and it 's not better but now I have discharge and that 's when I knew.. It was a yeast infection..oh goody.. I was already very depressed and this just added to my sadness.. Any who I went and grabbed monistat 3..I 've read all the reviews and I was nervous but hey.. I figured no pain no gain.. I am currently lying in bed.. It 's been 8 minutes since insertion.. I feel a tingle but I also used the cortisone no pain..yet
I was prescribed duac gel for my acne. At first it worked wonders on my skin and cleared up my acne. I found sometimes that it would dry out my skin though so I had to moisturise everyday. After using it for about 5 months I took a break from using it. About 5 months later I starting to use duac gel again, as I seen my acne was slowly starting to reappear. However when I started using it the second time I woke up the next morning and my eyes were very swollen, red and itchy. I thought it may have been something that I had eaten the previous day but as I continued to use duac gel every night, every morning I woke up I had very swollen, red and itchy eyes. Last night I used duac gel and I woke up with severely swollen eyes and had to go to GP
Originally prescribed for anxiety related to flying. It does well with general non flight-related anxiety (thought racing, panicky feelings), but am having a hard time finding right time to take dosage before a flight. Am prescribed 1 mg (doctor said I could take up to 4 times or so without any adverse effects). So far, I am less anxious on plane (I don 't cry as much, at least, but am still shaking and jumpy whole flight). Strangest thing is I never remember getting off plane, claiming baggage and rides to hotel. I always remember flight and being scared, but the airports (both) are a blur! Maybe my timing is off. Am flying again in 1 week, so I will try my timing again. Luckily our favorite vacation spot is only an hour away, but whew.
As far as birth controls go, this is slightly more tolerable than any of my past experiences (not saying much). My first shot was August 2nd. It 's September 12th. I have actually lost weight, which I attribute to the Ketogenic diet I started 2 weeks ago. My acne got worse at first, but I discovered cell salt #12 (srsly look it up #lifechanged) and my skin has never been better. My maybe-S/O mentioned that I 've been moody, but I chalk it up to it making me less tolerant of his shit ;) I 've been on my period since August 16th, so I 've been without sex for a while (might explain the moodiness). Point: is any birth control worth it? Lower sex drive? Weight gain? Irregular periods? Change in personality? Let 's use condoms, y 'all &lt;3
After using Relistor shots as needed for my OIC (opiod induced constipation) (which caused extreme stomach cramps and diarrhea, but it 's very affective), my PM doc put me on Movantik. I didn 't see results that were nearly as drastic but it seemed to kind of work. *It seems that my pain meds aren 't as effective with Movantik in my system*. I 've had withdrawl symptoms: sweats, cramping, anxiety, yawning profusely, agitation, and my anxiety level has gone through the roof..not worth it.  It 's produced BM 's on occasion but I 'll stick to my stool softeners, laxatives, and drinking lots of water. I don 't like the idea of having another addictive drug in my body to counteract symptoms from the first one. And feeling like crap is not a good trade.  GOOD LUCK!
For me it works fair.  At certain times of the day I still have difficulty starting the urine stream.  I am  sure I will have to have surgery before long.
I have only been using this drug for 4 days. I am not having any problems with using it, However, I am a bit concerned with loss of appetite and brain fog. I can stand to lose some wieght but since I am a nursing student, I cannot deal with feeling out of it. I wonder if these side effects are temporary.
I have had my Mirena in for a little over a year. I love having the Mirena in because I 'm all about convenience. I don 't have to worry about taking a pill, or getting a shot. I LOVE not having a period. I had a not so pleasant experience with the insertion of it. But that doesn 't happen often to people. I am on the fence about taking it out. I have gained 21lbs in a year. My acne is bad. I am tired often. Everyone 's body is different. I know friends who have not had these problems. I like the Mirena it just isn 't a good fit for me.
I was prescribed this medication for insomnia and depression. It worked great for the insomnia the first six months but then it no longer worked. I 'm too sensitive to ssris medication so I thought this would be a great match until it stopped working. Also makes you perpetually hungry and prone to gain weight
I took three tablets last night at 7:30pm after not going to the bathroom for a few days. I woke up at 2AM with an urge to go, but still couldn 't go. I went back to bed and woke up at 4:45 with a very upset stomach. My stomach was cramping really bad and I laid in bed for a little longer hoping I wouldn 't throw up. I never threw up, but after a few minutes in bed I had to run to the bathroom when I was hit with a sudden need to go. I have been having explosive diarrhea for almost an hour. At first, I would finish and then have to go again 5 minutes later! My stomach doesn 't hurt anymore and the diarrhea is starting to let up. I hope I don 't have diarrhea at work.
I have been taking Aptensio now for 3 months. I have been diagnosed with ADHD now for about 2 1/2 years. I have taken just about every non stimulant and stimulant on the market.  I am currently taking 50mg of the Aptensio  once a day. I am finding myself still scattered brained and my memory is horrible. I think the pill is lasting about 6 hrs and then I have a hard come down making me a total witch! The one thing that I have noticed is that I have put 12 lbs. on in 3 months. I am constantly eating! I had my thyroid checked and it came back normal.  I have spoke with other people that say they are gaining weight on the pill as well.
I 've been on Xeloda for 5 months. I have extreme traveling pains. Once I woke up at 3am and my right hand felt like someone had stabbed me with a knife and the knife was still in it. This lasted for 3 days. Next it was my left leg at the hip joint. I couldn 't walk on it. Lots of pain when I moved it. It lasted about 4 days. Next was in my jaw joint. Painful swelling, couldn 't bite down on anything..another 3 day episode. The pain is horrible. I go for scans in two weeks to see why my tumor markers went up. Could be from the inflammation xeloda is causing, could be xeloda is not working for me and the cancer is spreading. Will know soon.
Gilenya worked wonders for me the first 18 months, I felt great, MS stabilised, then I started slowly getting worse, fatigue, dizziness, bad headaches, still no MS progression or relapses but I felt awful! Elected to take the chance to come off the drug and try another just to feel better, within 6 days after stopping G I felt amazing, no more fatigue, no headaches and the dizziness has eased, at day 18 off so far and I continue to feel better each day. Clearly does its job but at the expense of my life it just wasn 't worth the side effects.
My son is 6 and has been on this medication for a week and has shown improvement at school. He has been able to work independently on his work sheets and gets through his work faster. He is very smart but didn 't have the focus to complete a task but I have noticed he has loss of appetite and not going to sleep at night which is bothersome to me because he was always such a good eater and sleeper. So might have to look into other medicines.
I was on Bydureon for about 2 months, I really noticed the loss of appetite and lost my sweet tooth. My weight came down and my blood sugar levels dropped from 8.5 to 6.0. I was really happy with the medicine until the known side effects started to show. They were nausea this happened approx once a week in the fourth week in on taking the medicine and bloating, indigestion, a lot of passing wind and acidy burps. Also I felt a bump and itchy feeling around injection area whenever I injected. If they can sort out these side effects then it would be really fantastic for people with Type 2 diabetes. I was really reluctant to stop but the horrible nausea beat me.  
My doctor prescribed Trazodone-50mg to help me sleep but I am not  happy with it.  I do not fall as leep for 3 hours after taking it.  I  do sleep through the night, 8-9 hours uninterrupted, but wake up groggy and not feeling alert.  I am also taking 10mg prozac and an otc vitamin for stress; 7I am 73 and in excellent health.I will try taking the T earlier before my next appointment.
I have been using Forteo for 6 months now.  I am 60 years old and have had osteoporosis of my hips since I was 50.  Other medicines did not help and after I fell this past summer and broke my left hip the doctor suggested Forteo advising me that it was the best and that studies have shown that after treatment is finished bone will be back to normal.  
Here 's the thing... most of these reviews are from users that have used Chantix and quit in the past month... that 's NOT quitting. That 's medicated cessation. I 've been a smoker for 35 years... On my 10th week of Chantix and while Chantix worked WONDERFULLY the first 4-5 weeks.. it 's not working great now. In the beginning, Chantix make smoking unsavory. Not only did I not WANT to smoke, but I found the entire thing unpleasant. This was fantastic. However, going on week 10 now... I want to smoke and Chantix is doing very little to stop that. Realize Chantix TRUE success rate is only roughly 15%. It 's NOT a &quot;miracle&quot; drug.
I take 2.5mg and have taken it for 14 years. It does stop the pain in 15 minutes but I feel like I have the flu after and lately a lot of bladder pain, urinary infections every 6 months and urinating a lot with loss of urinary control. I am 65 years old and have had migraines forever.Does anyone experience bladder issues? Is it because i have been on it so long and it is hurting the bladder?
Well I 'm 34 yrs old and been fighting with my blood pressure for about three years now. Partially because I was in denial about my condition and didn 't want to take any medication. Well I started having headaches and chest pain and I needed to take something. My doctor put me on metoprolol 25mg and it kept my blood pressure down to a normal level but the side effects I couldn 't take. Headaches, bad abdominal pains. I had to switch to something else. I 've been on carvedilol 6.25mg for two days and I think its starting to work. I had pains in my chest and neck for about a week and its starting to slowly go away. If you smoke it 's a bad idea to do it while on this medicine. I smoked for 14 yrs and this medicine forced me to stop and I 'm thankful and healthier.
I take lamotrigine for a few months up to 100mg twice a day. I was having 4 or 5 seizures. At this dose for 3 weeks, my seizures have reduced to 3. So far, so good.
I was diagnosed a Narcoleptic at 11 and have, in the past 54 years, eaten amphetamines...Ritalin, Provigil, Nuvigil, tried GHB therapy...any number of variations of stimulating drugs...ALL with the same result: they all work to a degree...then fail as my body adapts to them; and none, working at its best, would be considered to promote a &quot;normal&quot; pattern of sleep and wakefulness. I 'm using Nuvigil at the moment; and, while I know it will ultimately fail, the effect is of relatively transparent action - wakefulness, with occasional moments of connectedness, awareness of an extraordinary degree. I can see why it would be easily abused, or combined with other substances for abuse. Space limitations at this site: I will make another post soon.
Causes major headaches for me.
I 'm a 36 year old male with GAD and was prescribed 150mg of Venlafaxine for GAD and depression and was on it for 3 years. It helped with my anxiety really well but made me way too sedated and I was constantly tired.Sex Drive went way down and the kicker is that we found out that it was decreasing my testosterone levels as well as my thyroid. I don 't think it effect my levels for the first year or so, not that I noticed. I am an athlete so I could see major effects on the field about 1.5 years in and it felt like I had aged 10 years. Once I stopped the meds all my T levels went back to normal values. Everybody is different and it worked from an anxiety aspect but the side effects were not worth for me.
I had Implanon inserted in Nov 10, painless procedure.  I felt my mood was affected LESS than any other method I 've tried (pill, IUD).  No weight gain, in fact lost some weight.  But there is a bad side, after insertion, I had variable bleeding from Nov 10 to May 11, 6 months straight.  Some days were very light, others heavy, with no pattern.  Doctor said to wait it out.  Period stopped June, July, August, but returned in Sept and has been ongoing for a month straight, heavy flow.  I feel this pushes the limits of  'irregular bleeding '. I love not being moody, but feeling run down.
Just started my pills on 3/31/16 and seems like it may be working not too sure. I feel hungry at night not during day I drank a protein shake this morning and as soon as I went to lay down I was starving. I ate a oatmeal I will update when I loose weight I 'm currently 279 and need to loose 30 pounds by June 3rd
I started the shot when I was 17 about to be 18. I am now 20 about to be 21. Very effective at preventing pregnancy. However, I have terrible mood swings, migraines, and weight gain. When I started taking Depo I was the healthiest I have ever been. Slowly but surely I put on the pounds and my depression became unbearable! The first year I didn 't gain much, maybe ten pounds and went from a size 4 to a size 6. I weighed 135, now I weigh about 170. It 's horrendous! I just switched birth control yesterday, so I hope it treats me better than Depo Provera!
Try taking this pill with warm water. It helps dissolve it more quickly and it doesn 't get stuck.
After several uses of this effective medication I started having a sense of dizziness, shortness of breath and shaking.  Now if I use it just once I have an occurrence of the same symptoms.  I think I have an allergy to Bactroban which gets worse every time I use it.
I had 17 surgeries on hands,arms,elbows,and shoulders,11 on the right side the rest on left side, I have very chronic pain nerve damage on both hands elbows,arms and shoulders, I take 1 nucynta and 2 Roxicodone every 6 hour,the pain is about a 10 real bad and when I take this meds goes down to around 5 or 6,it helps a lot, I would recommend this, I 'm disable it help me to function wish it would help more but doesn 't have to much side effects, I 've been taking them for a few years you get some nausea but take sofran for that, what I don 't like is the government trying to tell us to cut down, I take 4 nucyntas and 6 Roxicodone a day,thats the most I can cut down to,because of my chronic pain,the people that are hurt are the ones that suffer.
I&rsquo;m giving it a 5. That is 5 points for effectiveness and 0 for ease of use. It tastes like stomach bile with flint stone vitamin flavor. I have not had any other colonoscopies so I&rsquo;ve nothing to compare it to. I couldn&rsquo;t do it again though, I assure you of that. I&rsquo;ve only made it to this site to seek moral support for the poor souls that have gone before me with this kit.
I was on Yaz for about 2 years. I started it after I had my son. It was wonderful for a while, but recently I started getting anxiety attacks. It was horrible. My doctor put me on Paxil for the anxiety. I realized that while I was taking both medicines, I felt extremely depressed. I wasn 't sure if it was the Paxil or the Yaz, but I was late starting my new pack this last month, and I noticed I felt amazing. So I decided that it was the Yaz interacting with the Paxil. I made the decision to stop Yaz and continue with Paxil because as anyone with anxiety attacks knows, they are unbearable. I would still recommend Yaz, as long as you aren 't taking anything else that would affect your mood/hormones.
I am 29 years old and have been on Buspar for about a year and a half and since I started taking it my sex drive is completely gone. Yes it helps my anxiety but I am too young to have a horrible sex drive!
My gyn put me on Aviane... So I was taking that for only a month, and for my second month I had switched to a different pharmacy location and they didn 't have Aviane but instead they gave me Falmina stating it generic for Aviane.  My first month on it, I experienced no side effects which kinda scared me cause I thought it wasn 't working. But now I 'm in my second month and I thought I continued to be side effect free until I 've become crazy depressed, angry, irrational, anxiety, and I blamed it all on the fact that it is the end of my semester so I have a ton of finals and stuff to worry about. But as I was just taking my BC I decided to check the reviews just because... and almost everyone is experiencing these same side effects.
I am 20 years old and have been on birth control pills since I was 16. Because I suffer from chronic migraines and an aura, I could no longer be on the pill and so my doctor recommend Skyla. He said it would be a little uncomfortable and mostly quick and painless. So I had Skyla placed on Friday and today is Monday. However, the insertion was extremely painful. I didn 't take anything prior to appointment as I see many other people did and I wasn 't numbed in any way. The procedure itself took around 7 minutes but afterwards I felt extremely light headed and almost passed out, so I had to lay down for quite a few minutes and vomited. The initial cramps were pretty bad 7/10 in pain but after about an hour they stopped. I have felt great since!
Started the med last week Friday and started itching from head to toe. Not too bad the itching but uncomfortable while sleeping. By morning it subsides  a bit and back again when I take the medication at night.Has anyone  experienced the same itch.  Thinking of stopping  the med.
I 've had this implant for exactly a year and one month. I haven 't gotten pregnant but that 's because since I 've got the implant I 've been on my period, it never stops, ever...it should be called no sex control 
Excellent for obsessive thoughts, best depression lift in many years...BUT...I am going off of it after five weeks. The initial side effects I could deal with, the normal headache, grogginess, irritability but then after the fourth week I noticed a rare side effect of edema (water retention) of an average of 2.5lbs a day and on my last days 3-4lbs. It was serious. It also caused extreme sugar/carb cravings. That I can control, the water I cannot.
My son has ADHD (combined) and ODD. Unfortunately, the medication only help with his hyperactivity not his attention, plus he was still defiant.
I have had the Nexplanon since Dec. 27, 2016 I got my first period at the end of January and it lasted about a month and a half. In March of 2017 I didn 't bleed for close to three weeks and then started bleeding again March 28th and have been bleeding every since. I have gained about 13 lbs so far since getting the birth control. Although for now the weight gain isn 't a deal breaker for me but the bleeding is..  I am trying to be very patient to see how my body adjusts to the implant. It has been three months so far and I have my fingers crossed that my cycle will go away for awhile.
This birth control is okay. It was my first experience with taking the pill. The first month I had really bad nausea, but then it just went away. It also caused me to get frequent migraines. I 've always been a migraine sufferer but there were more days with migraines than there were without. It helped a lot with my acne, it went from breaking out everyday to maybe once or twice every two weeks or so. It helped with the length and heaviness of my period and cramps weren 't nearly as bad as they had once been. Unfortunately, I started getting two periods a month so my doctor changed my prescription.
I am about to finish up my fifth pack of Lo-Loestrin.  Lately I 've been noticing a weight gain, even though I have changed my diet and started working out 3-4 times a week.  I have gained about 10 lbs in the last 4 months and continue to gain 1lb per week.  At first I didn 't think it could have anything to do with this pill, now I 'm starting to wonder.  My skin has been clearer and I have not had a period or bleeding at all since I started this pill.  But the weight gain is a big deal for me.  My breasts have gotten bigger and are a lot more tender.  Mood swings have been tremendous, didn 't notice a change in sex drive.  I think everyone is different and every birth control you take is going to affect each woman differently.
Got a bad taste in theoat about 15 minutes after putting in. Lasted about 10 minutes.,it helps to suck on hard candy to keep taste at bay. I think it 's working pretty good so far. I had a small growth on my eye from chronic dry eye (inflamation) this made it smaller dramatically.
My taking Lyrica was in combo with Tegretol and a few others.  It made my finger ends and toe ends  tingly and numb at times. It did help my Face Pain a bit. But then the skin on my finger ends split constantly and then the inside of my mouth began to peel constantly as well.   Ugh!     I had to go off of it as it simply was not helping my situation of Face Pain, however, I can see where it MAY work for diabetic or MS pain of toes and fingers.
I 'm 24 years old and have suffered anxiety and Panic disorder now for 2 years. Unfortunately my diagnosis was not made until 6 months ago and before that I was severely stuffed around by the medical profession making my Panic and anxiety that much worse. I 'm on to day 16 of this medication and i 'm hoping it is yet to take full effect. I have definitely noticed an improvement as I haven 't had a full blown attack for 2 weeks however I still think of them and feel them coming on daily, this may well be a habitual thing though and from what I 've read it can take 4-6 weeks so i 'm feeling hopeful. I had all the side effects but these were easy compared to the panic attacks I was experiencing. I 'll check in soon to see if that switch has flicked:)
I have been taking Chantix for 4 days now and it works great for quitting smoking, but the side effects are harsh. I get so sick on it and also I get so angry for no reason. I am yelling at everyone.  I have also been having problems with the depression.  If you have any of these problems then you should see your doctor.
I was prescribed Omnicef for a sinus infection that caused fluid to collect behind my inner ear. It worked great for the first 6 days. Somewhere around the 7th day I developed terrible vaginal itching. Worse than anything I have ever experienced before. As soon as I stopped taking it the itching went away within 2 days. 
I took my Ambien, thought I went to sleep but instead talked on the phone to my  boyfriend who told me I was acting crazy and making no sense.  I told him I was going to cook and eat all the food in the fridge. which I actually did do with no knowledge of it, there weren 't even any leftovers, however all the dishes were washed and put away, this behavior caused me to gain weight as well as have amnesia for the entire event.
My psychiatrist put me on buspar after i had tried lexapro &amp; many natural remedies in regards to my anxiety disorder, depressive disorder, &amp; PTSD. Personally, i think that the medication fools with my depression. My depression has been inactive for almost 6 months now &amp; so i requested ( after taking the lexapro ) that i could be put on strictly anxiety medication. I also have adhd, which i have been taking concerta for. When taking buspar i realized that, it increases my concerta side effects, makes me have depressive symptoms. I feel like it makes me have the physical effects of everything but not the actual feelings, which is frusturating because when presented it looks like more anxiety, depression, adhd, ptsd.. etc. symptoms.
I have experienced more rapid cycling with this medication, major insomnia and then sleepiness.  Also, I have experienced shortness of breath and higher blood pressure.  However it helps in making oneself quite groggy for half a day.
Very similar to MS Contin before manufacturer added a second drug-release regulating feature to the matrix. I found that every 12 hours allowed too low a trough in between doses, so my dose was divided into thirds for a  every 8 hour schedule.  I continued to work throughout the titration and stayed productive for a decade. Now I 'm toast.  Any steady-state pain strategy will eventually change your body chemistry for ever, so it important to exhaust  all short-acting, prn &quot;as needed&quot; strategies first.  Be honest with your Doctor, it goes a long way.
The worst metallic taste in mouth, dizziness and nausea
Gabapentin caused severe hair loss.  Now on Lyrica.  Pain (trigeminal neuralgia) is not constant but unrelieved.  Had surgery and radiation.  Lyrica causes me to walk strange, tremor in legs and fingers, blurred near vision. Not sure if I should continue.  Will see what Dr says on Tuesday.
After a long battle with chronic pain and medications I 've decided to &quot;kick&quot; as I was taking my prescriptions and others ' too much and too often. My biggest fear is that I 'll still have the pain (lumbar s1-L5 herniated discs) with bi-lateral stenosis and siaticia , which will be a potential for re-lapse. I don 't want to take their drugs anymore &quot;big pharm&quot;. It 's cheap and easy to get and get hooked, even if you are using them correctly. Anyway I had to go to a clinic for help as my doctor would surely just &quot;cut me off&quot; if I told him I was struggling or just give me more of the same. Today is day 1 on bup and 1 dose. 8mg dissolvable twice daily. It 's been 23 minutes and I 'm finally feeling better. Gives me hope.
I 've had Mirena for three years.  It 's convenient to not have to remember or worry about taking a pill regularly (and NuvaRing didn 't work for me).  In the last few months I 've had cramping, spotting, relentless acne and worsening depression that I can 't contribute to anything else.  So ready to be done with this - I 'm calling my doctor tomorrow to make an appointment to get it removed. 
I have taken it only a month and have experienced bloating, nausea, breast tenderness, fluctuation in appetite, constipation, and I get mad at my boyfriend very easily. Plus all of these symptoms make me not feel like having sex. 
I 've been on fluvoxamine for about 5 years. I was put on them when I was 12, I was diagnosed with transformational obsession (fear turning into people) . Fluvoxamine reduced my OCD thoughts for about 3 years and I was so happy, which was great!  Clearly starting about 2 summers ago I feel they have become less effective and however hard I try I cannot maintain a level of happiness. I have constant a undertone of anxiety and my OCD thoughts are starting to come back full force (every minute), however for a long time I have just felt confused, questioning the meaning of things and I just wonder whether this is correlating with the tablets. I have no reason to be sad, and I really try to be happy! 
My friend suffers from RSD. Since the Doctor put her on the Fentanyl Patch I have seen a big difference. She is able to get around better and says that she feels better.  This patch has sure improved her overall quality of life for the better. 
This is the second time I have been on this medicine for bronchitis. The first time around it worked great but this time not so fast. I have been on it for 4 days and my symptoms are still the same just not as intense.
Was having persistent nausea and vomiting due to a virus. Was given this drug and it did work nice after about an hour, I could finally sleep for a little bit, however it doesn 't work for very long (only about 2-3 hours) and came with side effects, like shakiness and restlessness later on in the day (at least my doctor told me this medicine was to blame for that)
I was prescribed Epiduo and a tablet (doxycycline), together they work great. I 've been on them for about 2 weeks and in a few days saw a difference. Although another few days later it 's seemed to come back. I 've suffered from acne for years and just want it gone, no regimes or counter creams work. I 'm not giving up on Epiduo yet, I have heard great reviews. Most people 's acne will clear up in about a month on Epiduo. My skin has peeled a bit but nothing too major, just ease onto the cream and it should be alright.
(Liletta IUD) I have a high pain tolerance (everyone is different). But in this case, that does not matter. During the insertion you will feel a slight pain/cramping but it is bearable! You will tense up a little, but breathing in with your nose and out with your mouth will help! The vaginal clamp did put pressure on me more than the actual cervix opening for the IUD. It 's a quick process and rating the pain out of 10, it was about a 4-5 (deep breaths help!). I went while I was on my period which is recommended for easy insertion (true!) And my period stopped the same day, but got light the next day (normally heavy flow). You will feel a little light headed &amp; crampy after but no joke, ice cream or a milkshake will help the pain! Good luck!
I have the Implanon in for over a year, now this is my second time to use it. The 1st time I had it I bleed so heavy with only a weeks break and my moods were all over the place and no sex drive. I got it in again because I didn 't want to get pregnant again. I hadn 't had a period for the 1st six months now I have started to bleed every two weeks and the abdominal pain is so severe sometimes. I 'm also feeling very tired lately am considering getting it taken out if the bleeding persists its affecting my relationship too.
This was my first time taking this prep, and my first colonoscopy. Taste wasn 't the worst, but pretty gross. I chilled the mix, used a straw, and had Gatorade and lemon wedges handy. I think this helped a ton. Physically felt fine after first dose. I felt the effects about 1/2 hr after first dose. Second dose was definitely harder to take, I think from not eating and it being so early in the am. Overall, not too bad of an experience to take the prep.
I had it inserted November 2016 because of very heavy periods. Since my uterus is slanted it was a bit painful and took longer to insert. I bled for 30 days after but it was light. I am currently in month 8 and my periods are unpredictable! Some months they last about 12 days and since they are long periods I get two periods in one month. After sex I sometimes bleed. I just finished having a period that lasted 12 days only to start cramping and spotting on Day 18 again!!! I also find that my vagina secretes a lot and I have to wear panty liners in between my periods. My plan is to discuss this with my doctor at the one year mark (I 'm giving it 4 more months since my periods before were extremely heavy and Liletta has fixed that problem).
Well, I 'm sitting here in the ER after having increased my Zoloft dosage. It was absolutely horrific! I think I am very sensitive to medications. When I was on 25mg for the first 3 days, everything went well. When I increased to 50mg, as directed, I had every side effect for Serotonin Syndrome imaginable. Now I don know if I should discontinue or go back to the lower M.g. 's.
I had the Mirena removed today after 4 years. I have had stomach pains forever and kept going to the doctor saying something was wrong. They did test after test and found nothing. I was convinced that it was the Mirena, then my doctor asked me if they put it in when I was on a cycle and I said no so she was determined it was the Mirena as well because they are supposed to put it in on a cycle. I loved that I didn 't break out and my periods were light but I couldn 't take the stomach pain anymore.
While this birth control is HIGHLY effective (ie. No periods, Effective control of not getting pregnant) I have gotten a ton of side effects that were NOT worth it to me.Firstly, after a month of getting it, I starting getting chin hairs and it has gradually gotten worse over the past six months. Like a mild beard. Not only has the hair been embarrassing and I complete blow to my self-esteem I have also developed in-grown hairs to go along with it and scars that won 't go away.Secondly, I have gotten the absolute WORST acne.Lastly, I have gained 30 lbs immediately after getting this implant and my diet is fairly healthy and I also am very active so there is no other reason for me to gain weight except for Nexplanon.
I was 16 when I started depo and almost 18 when I stopped. I have always been very regular hormonally, my periods have always been around 3 days &amp; fairly light with minor cramping. The first 2 shots (six months) were the worst -I experienced bad vaginal dryness which made intercourse painful, and the first &amp; last period I had was horrible - heavy bleeding, kind of chunky, with severe migraine and cramps. After that everything seemed to smooth out. I stopped having my period, vaginal dryness went away, everything was very regular down there. The downside I experience was I began to exhibit severe depression as time went on. I lost 30 pounds, I went from 120 to 90 pnds in two years. Great birth control but I feel like it ruined me mentally :(
I 'm in my 3rd cycle and by the 1st cycle on the 3rd day some came off. I can 't really tell if they are completely gone due  to the fact that on the 3rd cycle on the 2ND day on my last dose I notice that the lips of my vagina turn white and became really painful I 'm really worried. now doctor said it became that way do to the medication having steroids.
I had my Nexplanon implanted August 2015. The insertion was a breeze. The most painful part was the shot. I experienced no discomfort at all during or after insertion. My period before was heavy with light to medium cramping. After insertion, my period became very light. I went from having to always wear overnight pads to regular. After about six months, my period became very erratic. It was impossible to know when I would start or for how long. My hormones were very out of wack from the first day of insertion. I was very emotional the entire time I had my nexplanon. I also gained nearly 30 lbs. I finally had it removed after having a period for over a month.
I am giving it a 5 because as far as being effective goes... it was very effective. I first had the implanon for 3 years and then was placed on nexplanon. I just had it removed yesterday, the 3 years is up shortly. I have had issues with irrational mood swings. To the point that I thought I was bi polar and needed to be diagnosed. It has caused strain on my relationships and has made me feel awful about myself. I got it removed after doing research about what could be causing these mood swings and found out there are hundreds, probably thousands or more, of people who have had the a similar situation. I am hoping that now that it has been removed I will start to feel better soon.
I got the implant in June 2015. Here it is september 2015 and I have had TEN periods since the insertion! I have been gaining weight, and have bad mood swings. I also feel pain in my arm some days. I think I rather take the pill EVEYDAY then bleed all month except five days...
This pill cleared up my UTI that had spread to my kidney. However, I had some bad side effects. First off, this pill destroyed my stomach. I had intense pain in my upper abdomen and couldn 't eat without terrible indigestion and discomfort. This started immediately after starting the medication and stopped the day my pills ran out. I also had insane dreams, which kept me from sleeping. Very vivid, strange dreams. I 'm glad my infection was gone, but I could not wait to stop this medication.
Today was the first day I took this medication. Two hours after, I experienced joint pain, blurred vision, back pain, a headache, chills, fever, nausea, cough and sore throat. This was in addition to my already severe urinary tract infection symptoms which I was sent to the ER for the night before, including, severe pain in pelvis, achy back (kidneys). Although, symptoms of a severe UTI can also be fever, pain in the flank (pain that runs along the back at about waist level), chills, and nausea, I believe the medication gave me the additional symptoms. I was fine all day long until around two hours after taking the pill. After about 3 hours, symptoms increasingly went away. I am not sure if the pills are working or if they wore off.
I used Nexplanon for about 10 months and got it removed. While on this method, I had bleeding for months straight with little breaks. I tried to wait it out to see if my body would eventually adjust but my period never got itself to be on a cycle. It got to the point where it wasn 't worth it because even when I did have sex, I had bleeding/spotting so it took away my sexual confidence. It definitely was effective and did its job but the side effects were getting in the way of my life as well as my wallet as I was always at the store buying tampons and pads (and we know how expensive this can be). I decided to get the implant removed which was a bit of a difficult experience as well. Nexplanon is effective but still needs improvement.
I have been using doxycycline for moderate and persistent acne for two weeks and have noticed a slight difference. I seem to have less breakouts than before taking this medication. I haven 't seen any dramatic results though and I didn 't expect to in such a short space of time. Hopefully after another month or so on the medication I 'll see better results. I haven 't got any side effects other than a slight stomach cramp when I take the medication without food. I am waiting for a referral to see a dermatologist so hopefully I will get this problem sorted.
I 'm on my first pack of Loestrin and so far I 've had some serious cramps! Face is clear, mood swings are out of this world! The other day I was so irritated with everything and everyone! I have had some breakthrough bleeding but I have not gotten my period yet. I 'm on the last week of pills! If these cramps don 't go away and these mood swings don 't stop I have to get off this medication!
I got the worst cramps of my life, headaches, had volatile mood swings, seemed to have gain weight on this pill. Was not a good idea and will switch soon.
I had the IUD before beginning nexplanon, the IUD was the worst, it pinched inside and it stole my sex drive beware!! I 've had nexplanon for over 2 years already. The first half a year with it, I experienced annoying mood swings. You will gain weight if you don 't take care of yourself (diet/exercise), almost guaranteed! First year no periods, second year periods are now twice monthly. It is effective on preventing pregnancy. Yet you have to think about the side effects, as other birth control. The IUD was a nightmare for me, please do your research!!! If I can choose between that and nexplanon I would choose nexplanon for sure. Probably the worst for me are the even heavier periods, it 's almost like they are backed up from last year.
I am 30 yo, 5 '6, and starting weight 208. I have tried dieting and exercising with no real results. I work at a doctor 's office where we have reps come in for different drugs so I was able to ask a lot of questions before deciding to try this med. I took my first tablet yesterday with food and experienced a little nausea for a couple hours but after it subsided I had tons of energy. I had a little trouble getting to sleep but once I did fall asleep I had lots of odd dreams. Today I took the tablet with no food and did not experience any nausea and my energy level calmed down slightly but I still felt good. My only real complaint today is stomach pain/gas pains and a little diarrhea.
I am a 40 yr old female with heavy bleeding and painful ovarian cysts. My gyn recommended this pill. I almost completed my sample pack. I am on the 2ndbrown pill and awaiting my period. It makes me nervous when I don 't see my period. At least I am happy to read that I will see my period when I take the third brown pill. I have to say that the first month was rough. I had very bad headaches and I noticed I was very moody and even felt depressed. I did not experience any nausea or weight gain. I will stick it out for three months and see what will happen
I also experienced the scary non stop bleeding and now ... there 's none . I 'm on the last week expecting my period and nothing ! I have been on it about 6 months now so maybe it 's &quot;evening out&quot;. Is there any danger in the clots not coming out because come to mention it I haven 't had any since I started ..
I started taking Elavil at the onset of my Fibromyalgia in 1997, had great sleep and was able to continue my work and study without pain.  In early 2010 I read the side effects of the medicine and recognized what was happening to me.  I had been falling for no reason, broke an ankle, lumbar vertebrate, thumb and many bruises.  I had dry mouth so bad could hardly talk, could not remember my words I wanted to say, and lost all sex drive.  I slowly removed myself off of the Elavil with the help of my doctor.  I have had lots of pain since February 2010 and cannot find a medicine to help me with my sleep and pain, but I will not use Elavil again.  I have not fallen, lost my memory or had any other side effects of this medicine since.
Yes, It works! However, the side effects are horrible. Light-headed and majorly dizzy, to the point where I was very uncomfortable driving.  This is the 2nd time I 've used it and the same results each time.  Caused me to call out of work for a whole week until the side affect were gone.
I got my first Y.I so I took moms advice and went to by monistat 7.. I gotta insert what? Where? Within 5 minutes I was so itchy.. No burning but I want to cry!!! I am currently laying with an ice pack between my legs 
mirena placed at 7 week postpartum check up.  six weeks later at mirena placement confirmation check up, strings not to be found and by ultrasound found mirena to be to low in uterus to be working effectively and an ovarian cyst noted (which I never had any problems with cysts before). Overall I like the mirena, minimal side effects. I think though that the mirena should not be placed until later in the postpartum period (past 10 weeks or so) to allow the uterus to go back to &quot;normal&quot; size.
I have been taking singulair for almost a year now or more. I usually don 't dream , so I haven 't noticed any unusual nightmares. Seriously , I can 't tell if my anxiety is because of singulair or not . I am anxious by nature and this semester is really stressful and can drive anyone crazy ! I usually think about life , death , why we are here? and this kind of stuff . . DOES THIS HAVE ANYTHING TO DO WITH SINGULAIR ? I really want to find an answer for that .I recommend singulair when you don 't have any other choice , but if you have one then absolutely choose it. Sing. is bad but effective.
I am 21 years old. I started Trinessa when I was 18 for birth control. The pill was wonderful, and I stayed on it for about 8 months or so. I stopped the pill for six months, but because my periods become irregular I started the pill again. This time I 've been on it the longest probably a year and a half or 2. I think the last 6 months or so have been hell. I experienced cramping, bloating, and nausea starting on week 2 of the pill pack. Close to week 3 I have a series of migraines. The headaches were too much for me. I stopped the pills and am now on Loestrin 24 Fe. I just started week two, so I don 't know how well these work. Overall Trinessa is an effective pill. I think my body just got tired of it. I hope my review helps!
I used Doxycycline for several months while in Afghanistan. It seemed effective in preventing malaria, however it caused a skin rash on my face that looked like an acne outbreak. Most others I knew taking Doxycycline did not get this side effect.
Been taking Exforge 5/160 for 1 month and I can 't shake this tired feeling. I 'm having anxiety issues and weight lose! My pressure is coming down but I don 't like this tired feeling! I 'm taking the genetic brand and it cost only $4! I hope my doctor will change it next week.
I was on Abilify for just over 2 years. At first I was started at 5mg, then increased to 10mg and finally upped to 15mg.At 15mg the psychotic symptoms vanished, and it prevented almost all manic episodes. It did nothing for my depressive symptoms though. I also developed terrible akathisia within a few months of reaching 15mg, and they didn 't stop when we briefly tried going back down to 10mg. My legs bounced up and down every minute I was awake, I rocked backwards and forwards, I paced and one of my arms even trembled too. I couldn 't read, eat with a knife and fork, and strangers would give me funny looks. I had akathisia for two years.Other than that I had no other side effects with this drug. No weight gain or tiredness.
I switched to Loestrin, as the pill I was on before caused me to have migraines. I 've only used Loestrin for a week, but my migraines have stopped, however it 's caused me to break out ridiculously. I 've never suffered from spots before, but I 've broken out all over my forehead and on my cheeks. 
recently prescribed 2 antibiotics after wisdom teeth extractions and got a yeast infection so I bought this Followed directions DIRECTLY and immediately I started to fill the intense itching and burning ( as the box stated ) it also said to lie down immediately after use which I did not and noticed the intensified discomfort sneaking up on me even faster but after lying down for 10 mins and finding my comfortable position I can say that the discomfort has lessened . I 'm only on day 1 ( purchased mon-7)&amp; I can say that you may want to limit your intake of fluids so you don 't have to use the bathroom as urination may increase the discomfort and pay attention to the directions because you need to LIE DOWN so the medication doesn 't leak out
I was 24 this was my first birth control.My weight initially fluctuate from 115lb to 120 but never more. On this birth control for 1 year i had notice increase in appetite.Breast size increase from a Small B been like that forever to a full C.Weight increased to 145lb In 1 year.Skin was slightly clearer but has occasional breakout on chin meaning hormonal imbalance.Asked my NP to switch me to a lower hormone BCP because of weight gain she says it 's might be my diet that has to change but I insisted. She change me to nuva ring. Tried it for 6 months convinent but gained more weight up to 151lb. I 'm getting off these hormone birth control they are increasing my appetite. Unmotivational moodI 'm changing to Paraguard IUD no hormone.
I suffered a stroke 4/15/2012 I started having a gradual increase of anxiety to the point I could not stand it. My doc put me on Buspar 15mg starting out then up to 30mg all was great until the random suicide thoughts started I also take Celexa 40mg before the Buspar with no issues. So I contacted my doctor who has taken me off of it.
I was switched to this from Loryna (generic Yaz) two months ago. I 've been on some form of BC since age 19 to control horrible cramps and prevent ovarian cysts, and I 'm 27 now. Hoped this pill would lessen the ovarian tenderness and stop the weight gain (40 lbs in one year!) I had while on Loryna. Well, I 'm horribly gassy and have had diarrhea every day for going on three weeks now of my 2nd pack. It 's clearing up my acne and sex drive is better by a smidge, but my period is a lot longer and heavier, rather than shorter and lighter like it was on Loryna. Cramps are much worse, too, and I feel tired all the time. The crazy appetite increase Loryna gave me hasn 't changed, either. Calling my gyno today to see if I can switch.
I 'm 22, one child. I got the IUD inserted I wanna say about 3 months ago. The surgery was just a quick pinch that gave u normal menstrual cramps during/ afterwards. Something any female can get over. I suffer from the wonderful thing of BV and that first month or so I was BV free prior to insertion, had a regular period with same symptoms but actually ended earlier and got slightly lighter. After my first period I didn 't spot or anything. Had nipple soreness, oily skin, acne, headaches that next month thought I was pregnant but ended up having a late period I 've been bleeding every since(about a full month) and now I 'm just waiting for another full period to come. Trying to wait out first 6 months before I decide to get it removed
Update : I have been on Contrave  for a little over two months. All of my weight loss happened at the beginning. I have lost 18 pounds total. However, nothing in the past 30 days. I am on 4 pills a day. No side effects other then constipation. OTC meds will help with that. I am a smoker &amp; contrave has done more for smoking I think. I could careless if I had a cigarette or not. That is amazing.  It is not a mircle worker for food cravings. At 4 pills a day I can still eat chocolate / icecream like there is no tomorrow. I feel that my cravings for carbs have gone through the roof.  I was a recreational drinker, now have 0 desire to even take one sip. I suppose there are ups and downs for everyone. It works if you work it.
I found zyprexa to be quite effective however it made me very tired and unmotivated though. I was incredibly hungry all day. Only stayed on it for about a month and put on 7lbs. I am in the process of exploring different antipsychotics that are more weight friendly. Putting on weight was making me depressed and making me become more hostile because of it
This has helped me.
Day 18 and I am still using the 20mg pills. No nausea and I have had 4 lucid dreams but not nightmares. Still do not think 20mg is enough. Will be talking to my Doctor about going to 40mg. Other than that no issues.
I have taken Lutera for about a year and a half.  It is great at preventing babies and it has made my periods much better.  I do not bleed as much and my cramps are nothing compared to what they were.  However, I have gained weight - about 20 lbs.  I have tried to lose the weight and have lost a little but I have never had to try so hard to lose weight.  Much of the time it is a losing battle because since Lutera I always seem to have hunger pains.  Also, at times I feel very tired and taking caffeine only helps a little bit.
It did relieve my depression and anxiety for the most part, but I really had some awful side effects with this drug, the worst of which was that it affected my short term memory. I got to the point where I could not remember the simplest things. This became noticeable after about 6 months of use. I also believe it caused cystic acne and hair loss (both of which ceased after getting off of it). Caused some weight gain too (but every antidepressant I have taken does it seems). I had to get off of it. My memory has thankfully returned back to normal. Wish it had worked better for me.
This is the first birth control I 've ever been on. I am currently near the end of my third week. I was hesitant to try it because of the reviews. However, the only side effects I have noticed (so far), the first week I got a small break out on my face that cleared up within two days. My breasts have gotten a bit larger and this week (3rd) I have some mild breast tenderness. That 's about it. No weight gain yet, no moodiness, didn 't seem to affect my libido. But it 's only the first month, so we 'll see if anything changes. Seems good though.
I started taking Remeron about 2 weeks ago.  I feel better, less depressed, but I am experiencing a different side effect than what is listed.  My tongue feels numb and I can 't taste anything very well.  Everything has the same taste.  I called the advice nurse.  She talked with the doctor and I was advised to keep taking it until my appointment next week. I am going to wait to see the doctor before I report this to the FDA.
So tonight was my first 20mg Latuda at dinner and I was super afraid that akathesia (a restlessness from taking antipsychotic pills) would happen. But so far so good. I guess some people get it and some dont.
I haven 't been on this pill for very long, but my doctor gave me some free samples because I was having breakthrough bleeding with LoEstrin. So far, my main complaint is nausea. I have never felt so consistently sick in my life - not even with the flu! I 'll post again when I 've been on it longer about weight gain, mood swings, cramps, etc.
I got this form of birth control about a year ago. The first few months were great. Had my normal period, or no period at all. Then I started breaking out and it continued to get worse. Then I started gaining weight. I gained a total of 15 pounds in 6 months. I know that is not a ton of weight. but I am 5&quot;5 and weighed 108 pounds. I go to the gym at least 3 times a week, and I eat pretty healthy most of the time. I have never had a problem with weight until now. Other than these 2 side effects, this birth control is great. I love that you don 't have to worry about it once it 's in. But since my weight gain and my acne, I will be getting it removed this week.
I have been on 300mg of Fluvoxamine for quite a few months now. It was really hard to initially start the medication and increase the dosing. But I stuck with it. After awhile, I noticed the drug &quot;took the edge off&quot; of my anxiety. I was getting less panic attacks and was able to starting doing things I was avoiding. My only issues with this drug are that 1) it 's very sedating 2) I still have anxiety - some days are better than others but I 'm looking for complete relief. I know it 's possible because I 've been on medication that did just that. Any suggestions? I take 150mg in morning and then again at night.
I have had mirena for 6 months, insertion was not painful just a slight pinch feeling, had a continuous period with severe cramps for 3 weeks after with worse cramps than ever before. I have had weight gain, spotting and bleeding for weeks at a time, headaches, severe lower back pain and cramps that feel like contractions for the last 4 months or so. The side effects have gotten better, still with bad cramps and weight gain, have not had a period in about 2 months. It is convenient and easy if your a forgetter like me, and if given enough time to adjust it is a good thing.
Just had this for my procedure tomorrow. Managed to get the first one down but the second dose rocketted out of me when I threw it up. I 'm worried they won 't do the colonoscopy now.. but I think it was way too much for me. I 'm 4 '9 and weight 100lbs ...
So, I have been taking Ortho-Tri-Cyclen for 3 years. I gave it a 5 beacuse I 'm not pregnant but other than that I have noting good to say about it. After taking it for about 6 months I had severe chest pain, a headache almost everyday, almost zero sex drive and the worst acne I have ever had in my life. Oh and I gained 30 lbs in the first 4 months. After the first year of taking it all these symptoms became &quot;normal&quot;. But the thing that made my Doctor switch me to Apri was that I had spotting  everyday for 15 days before my period for the last 4 months of taking it. I am getting ready to start the new medication next month. I just hope I do not have the same side effects.
I started taking Loestrin 24 FE 2 weeks ago to prevent pregnancy and my face is breaking out like crazy. Plus I 'm getting killer mood swings, which is just lovely since I 'm already on an antidepressant (I 'm on it for anxiety not depression though). I 'm gonna give it until I finish this pack and if it 's not better, I 'm heading to the doctor and getting my birth control prescription changed.
I got mine inserted in October of 2015 and I haven 't stopped bleeding since. heavier than spotting. I heard to wait 3 months for it to stop but it 's clearly past my three months and I 'm sick of bleeding bc it makes me not wanna have sex. I 'm gonna get it removed if it doesn 't stop soon.
I 've been plagued with UTI 's my entire adult life and Bactrim was my go to drug. I got a sinus infection 2 weeks ago and Dr said take Bactrim. My tongue swelled up and sores developed on it, that was AWFUL! I 've never had any reaction before. I 'm really disappointed because it 's always been my go to.
I 'm 7months pregnant and was smoking 1 pack a day. I have smoked for 26 years and was  Not happy with what I was doing to our baby,so I went to my doctor and pleaded to her to help me quit. My doctor helped me by putting me on the Nicorette inhalator. Wow I 'm not even craving fag and feel a lot better. On cloud nine at the moment and it 's been only 2 days without fags. Love it. X no side effects.
Okay, it 's been a year. Insertion was fine, until the silly woman cut the strings and caught my cervix with the scissors. I yelped a bit. Tiny periods now, lasting about 2 days. And not pregnant, so it works.. However the strings were cut too short, so when it 's time to come out I 'll have to be sedated and have my cervix forceably dilated, which doesn 't sound much fun. And oh my - the pains. I 've only had it about four times now, but jeez. It honestly feels like having a c-section while awake. Of course there were fears of perforations etc, but after scans and pee tests and blood tests, they couldn 't figure out what was wrong. It just hurt so bad, for no reason at all. I 'd have it out, but the procedure for me now sounds horrendous..
I have found that it gives me pretty severe headaches but it does help me get through the day and eases the pain for my healing broken leg.
I have used it for three years, was helping me some for awhile but now it seems to irritate me more.
I was on this for the whole 3 months and let me tell you I was an emotional mess.  SO NASTY to all my loved ones for no good reason.  I 'd get mad and cry over the absolute dumbest things.  but, this is my body and that is how I reacted to this birth control.  I 'm moving on to The Patch now, it has some good reviews and we will see how it works out.  I gave this atleast 5 stars because I didn 't get pregnant lol
Following a miscarriage in November 2014, my Dr. had be on folic acid for 9 months before running some blood work tests.  Found out I had PCOS the 20th of August after the results came back and started Metformin HCL the same day. I take 850 mg once a day and I found taking halfway through my meal has done away with 99% of the side effects. I know it 's only been 10 days since I started it, but I feel less hungry and like I don 't crave the junk food I did before. Here 's to hoping it works!
I HATE hormonal BC. I tried at least 20  since having period issues in High School.  After having my one and only, I had my IUD put in.  My doc had put in hundreds, no insertion issues.Things went well the first year; I had some string scared but promptly had an ultrasound to check and make sure the IUD was in place.I 've had it over 4 years now.  I 've had several cysts on one ovary that grow to the size of grapefruits before rupturing; something I had never experienced before.  This came with very long, very heavy periods.No pregnancy scared but have had to start taking a 2 month cycle of hormonal BC for the first time in over a decade to try and correct the issue. I tried to wait it out and it 's only gotten worse.4 days in. Oh boy.
I 've suffered with a YI for abt a week now and decided that it was time to try something other than the natural treatments I had been trying (Apple cider vinegar douches) because I was miserable. Grabbed the 1 day treatment and hoped for some relief. I first used the cool wipes they provide in the package.I inserted the ovule abt 10pm-ish and used the cream for the outside burning and itching. It says stay put ovule so that you can use it anytime... Not true. I was sitting up and felt it leaking within 10 minutes. Definitely a bedtime medicine. Mild burning/warmth sensation. nothing tragic this way.Woke up this A.M. Symptoms not all the way gone but have subsiding greatly. Still some mild burning from the medicine. Nothing unbearable.
Okay, first I will say the good. This medicine got rid of my depression for the most part very quickly. I had been cutting myself and was close to trying suicide, they switched my medicine to this and I was MUCH better. However.... every single time I take I end up insanely nauseous within minutes and end up throwing up for about three-four hours. As much as the medicine helped, I am going to have to change it due to this because I can 't spend hours throwing up every day while being a single mom trying to get things done.
I started using another weight loss medicine on March 24th.  The first 60 days I lost 22 lbs.  During the third month I was not seeing any changes and switched to Adipex-P. I used Adipex for 45 days and have lost an additional 10-12 pounds. I did not experience any of the side effects or jitters except sleeping.  I tend to only get 6 hours of sleep a night.
One big complaint I had about it is that I gained a whopping 20 pounds since I went on it. I exercise everyday and I eat healthy, but my appetite sort of increased slightly.
My doctor started me on 2mg Livalo about seven weeks ago. No side effects of any kind. I don 't take any other medication. Price is an issue but I have coupons from my doctor. For now I will stick to Livalo.
Started Invokana(300x1) and Janumet(1000x2) 1 week, my A1C was a 15.2. I am not overweight 5&quot;6 123Lbs, but I have a Hypothyroid issue. I am not sure which one or even both are causing the side effects but any help with regards to the nausea and stomach pain would be greatly appreciated. My numbers are better, I was in the high 400 's and now in the last week I haven 't gone over 149.
nightmares
I am a female, 44 yo, took Pristiq over 9 months up to 100mg. It gave a little relief to my depression but did nothing for anxiety and panic attacks. I left my job on disability while on it, unable to cope anymore!  I am still trying to find the right antidepressant.  Tried Zoloft, Manerix, Celexa,Cymbalta, Wellbutrin without noticeable success or just bad side effects!  Note I had no major side effects with Pristiq.
Have a child diagnosed with it. Just info for all, this (lacosamide) tablet is way cheaper in protected countries like India. hope it helps.
When I rub it into my neck twice a day with massage I feel better and sleep better. I use this for osteoarthritis of my neck.
This medicine helps in curing the voices and delusional thoughts that sometimes come with schizoaffective disorders.But the worst side of this medication is complete weight gain.  I went from size 2 to 14. It also makes your boobs grow bigger and stops the menstrual periods.The drug stays in the system for a long period of time.  I stopped it in May and it&rsquo;s been 5 months but I keep on gaining weight and boobs keep getting bigger and bigger. Worst medication ever! I have to deal with the weight gain and this causes a lot of insecurities especially for a lady! But the doctor told me that it gradually comes out of the system with time. So still hoping that my life will get back to normal with time.
I am 21 years old  5 '7 and 115 lbs. and I am currently taking 20mg in the morning.I 've only been taking the medicine for about two weeks but I 've noticed a lot of changes. Positives: I 'm getting my work done, staying motivated, I 'm focused on the road when I 'm driving now and I don 't forget little details like I was before.Negatives: zero appetite- I have to force myself to eat, minor nausea, easily aggravated. It also altered my menstrual cycle. I am still yet to start my period but I 've never been irregular- starting on the exact same days of each month since always. My mood has COMPLETELY changed in the 2 weeks. I 'm severely depressed now and mildly suicidal. Can 't tell if these side effects are worth it
I have been on this for about a week. First few days, was amazed. Before this medicine I would do enemas every week or so due to pain, etc. The day after I took this medicine, I went three times, once after every meal. Wow! Same for the next few days. Side effects: Majorly tired, headaches that develop into migraine by end of day, weird feeling in chest and throat, breathing funny (like a bad cold) and VERY nauseated until I have a movement. Also, the last few days, only having movement every other day. So don 't know what is going on. Need to try increasing the water and see how that goes. Don 't know if normal bowel movements are worth all this, plus, it seems to not work as well as it did a few days ago.
Well I got Skyla in September 2016. I 'm 24 and I have a child. It wasn 't painful going in for but I bleed for a few days afterwards. My period was normal at first,( I normally see bleed for 3 to 4 days) but 2 months in, I saw my period for 5  days. I have gain about 25lbs and counting. I 'm 5 '8 and I was 125lbs, I 've always been skinny no matter what I ate. Skyla changed all that. I 've started working out and  changed my diet and still can 't loose any weight. Also at the 6 month mark my period changed again, now I spot and have an extremely light flow for over a week which is annoying. Throughout this entire process, I 've also experienced a lot of headaches, cramps ( even when I 'm not seeing my period) and mood swings. Giving it a year.
I was prescribed this to help with my back pain after nearly everything else failed and amitriptyline made me like a zombie.  Regrettably, it 's had very little effect on my back pain, and it doesn 't really help with sleeping - it has however worked wonders for the horrendous &quot;nerve end&quot; sensitivity I was experiencing meaning I couldn 't  allow my dogs to sit alongside me, never mind touching me.
Dosage for adults says 1-3 pills.  I 'm 27, 130 lbs, hadn 't gone for almost two weeks and was starting to feel full even when I didn 't eat and extremely bloated.  I only took one pill because I didn 't want severe cramping.  7 hours later, after a lot of rumbling and mild cramping I had to &quot;go&quot;.  Intense cramping during going, my knees were shaking and I vomited three times as well.  This certainly works, but I also felt like I had a severe stomach virus for about the 30 minute duration.  This was from one pill.  I couldn 't imagine taking 2 or three.  Everyone 's bodies react differently, but I will be going the enema route next time.
I 've been taking microgestin for about a year and a half now, and it just recently occurred to me that the pill is the reason for my mental decline. When I first started the pill things were fine I didn 't have any abnormal side effects except for the slight, almost unnoticeable weight gain. Looking back, I 've noticed a gradual yet severe change in my mood and happiness. It wasn 't until a year and a half later I realized the pill was the reason for this. I sobbed to my mom one night and she explained that the pill did that to her too. After speaking with my gyno the next day, she assured me the progestin in Microgestin was the reason for my depression. I switched to Aviane and feel much much better.
After a few days of taking this medication, I was awoken in the middle of night with the the warm red rash on my abdomen which was also extremely itchy.  After 3 consecutive nights of the same reaction, I discontinued the medicine and called my doctor. He changed my prescription to another cholesterol medicine.
I noticed my memory was very much affected on Xanax.  This is the quickest working benzo in my opinion, but does not last long.  Also, the withdrawals from Xanax were more severe than the withdrawals from the other benzos I 've been on.  It works great for some people, but not so much for me.
I 'm on my 2nd pack of aubra. I have tried two other brands of 2 phase birth control pills and I tried progesterone only pills (POP) too before aubra. The POP gave me so many issues.  Well with all the issues I went back to planned parenthood and she gave me aubra. However, I wanted to let you know what I 've experienced with aubra. My period came with the placebo pills. It was the best period I have ever had in my life. I hardly noticed it! No cramps, light, no bloating, good energy level, and exactly the right number of days. I was feeling great! Started the 2nd pack. As the days have gone by my face, neck and upper back have broken out in very painful acne. I am 28 and haven 't had any major acne since I was 19. I 'm going to finish out this pack. Then no more!
I started taking lowest dose at 1.5 with a few side effects, headache, blemishes on my skin which became quite irritable and itchy. My blood pressure started at 220/140 dropping to 153/98 so doctors increased dose to 2.5 and now blood pressure between 143/98 134/88. I will speak to doctors again as I am suffering with tiredness and bouts of high blood pressure noticible with my face burning and cheeks flushing. I must be the unlucky one that has picked up side effects.
I been on NuvaRing for 6 months and just recently I been feeling really depressed, crying for no reason, and accusing my boyfriend of cheating. I 'm just been really moody and not really want to do anything.  Could it be a mood reaction from it ? I need help so I could switch to a new birth control. It only happens 1 week before I have to take out the Nuvaring and when it 's out that whole week I just become a disaster.
I find ambien to take the edge off at night but not make me sleep. I 'm also on seroquel for bipolar and that helps much better for sleep. I feel like I took a benadryl when I took ambien.
The doctor put me on Losartan 100 mg maybe 6 months ago.  I have always been hyperactive and maybe a bit attention deficit.  The Losartan calmed me down and made my blood pressure run around 120/70, usually it ran 140/80 or more for bottom number.  It made me go to the bathroom a lot and I also developed the irritating cough.  My main complaint is my inability to think and learn things quickly.  I am taking online college classes and always been smart in math and all subjects. Now I feel groggy, lazy, fuzzy  and can 't retain information.  Doctor refuses to take me off, so I have cut pills to half.  Some days I don 't take them and feel much better.  I know there are bad side effects if you quit the medicines all at once, so think I am going to change doctors.
I 've been on Tri Sprintec for 8 months. I started taking it because my previous birth control, Aubra (aka Lutera, Alesse, many more), gave me cystic acne and oily skin for the first time in my life. Tri Sprintec has not helped me. I thought it would definitely get rid of the oily skin (it made it worse) and at least the small pimples (it gave me MORE all over my forehead). I have 5 more days of Tri Sprintec left and after that, I 'm going to try to go off birth control altogether. I never had acne before I went on BC so we will see what happens. I also read that generic OTC makes acne worse, so maybe consider paying extra for brand name OTC if acne is your main concern. Good luck!
Prostrating headaches and malaise lasting 24 hours and not responding to any analgesic with useless assistance, suggestion from Customer Service that should be regarded as poor Service to a Customer who spends lots of money. It has been a bad-bad experience!
I 've had Implanon since November and I 've only had a couple of periods, NO cramps or PMS. My sex drive has gone down and my weight has gone up by about 50lbs and its hard to get off considering I don 't have a period to get rid of the retained fluid but all in all I love that I haven 't got pregnant.
After taking for a week I felt awesome! My mood improved tremendously!! Then at about two weeks my muscles in my hands stiffened up and they were very restless. It was a horrible feeling so I stopped taking it
I tried this for the first time and it kinda worked I am still coughing a little but not as much. I do still kinda taste it in my mouth which is weird but I would use again if it was the only medicine I had but I will be looking for a new medicine.
I have never had a great experience with birth control in the 10 or so years I 've been using it. I seem especially sensitive to hormones, though some affect me more severely than others. I love the ease of Nuvaring. I often forgot to take my pills and this completely solved that problem. I am on my third month of using Nuvaring, and here are the side effects that are causing me to consider not using it anymore: moodiness, agitation, strong food cravings, really painful gas, abdominal pain, irritation during sex, fatigue. It feels like month long PMS. I snap at people, eat Cheetos and fries several times a day (before Nuvaring I never ate chips or fast food), and have constant pain and pressure from gas. I can 't take it anymore!
Taken this drug for 8 days , 10mg. Did suffer with some of the side affects and have swapped from taking it in the morning to at night which has made a big difference. Still early days to comment about my mood but do feel this tablet has improved things for me so far.
I was wondering why I was so fatigued and now the mystery is solved thanks to this page.  It has alleviated the UTI symptoms but from reading through the board, it looks like there are better options.
In reading the reviews of this birth control,I see a lot of been on it a week, a month, couple months.  I see a lot of when Watson distributed it,etc.I 'm one of those who 've had bad experience with it. While yes its done it 's job in preventing pregnancy, here I am after 18mos on it and I 've decided enough is enough.Pros: no pregnancy, no periods,minimal spottingCons: 30 lb weight gain, mood swings, nausea induced migraines, lethargic, zero energy,constant feeling of not enough sleep, unusual body pains, painful sex,emotional, looking and feeling pregnant numerous times (even having people ask), increased appetite,pregnancy symptoms, etcAs a Mother and nanny, the cons are huge for me as they 've greatly impacted me.
Initially tramadol worked wonderfully for the chronic pain that I experience. I was prescribed Ultram for foot and back pain as an alternative to hydrocodone.  I never had any significant withdrawal symptoms or dependency problems from the hydrocodone, my doctor just had a problem prescribing it to me for reasons unknown to me.  I asked him directly about the long term effects of taking tramadol and he assured me that it was nothing for me to worry about.  HE WAS WRONG.  I understand that every drug affects everyone differently, but I have never felt so terrible in my life as I am currently in the process of getting off of tramadol.  Body aches, cold sweats, mood swings, overall body stiffness...I feel miserable. 
Hi, I 'm taking this drug for 7 days now. Just started with the drops. 1 mg more each day. I 'm now on 7 mg. Since 2 days it 's keeping me awake all night... I don 't have problems with my drive anymore (my mainproblem, besides bad concentration) but in case the sleep is not getting better I 'll have problems with that for sure. Does anyone know if the sleep is still getting better after worsened through medication? If sleep is not getting better I have to tapper it off or take less than 5mg (insomnia started at 5, 4 mg was still ok)
I am 15 and have been on Concerta since 6th grade I have never really felt any side effects besides loss of appetite in the afternoon. But just last year I started getting muscle spasms and I began to zone out often at school. Even more recently I have began to have trouble with sleep and slight depression. I have tried getting the concerta switched for something else but its the only medicine that helps me focus in school and help me get good grades. I mean don 't get me wrong it helps a lot but I 'm not sure why I 'm just getting these side effects
Was put on this by my PD for around the clock pain relief. At first it seemed to work fine with minimal sides. The ER that I was on definitely didn 't last anywhere close to what the company claims in their literature. Could feel it wearing off after just 3 hrs. Sides were minimal but the hot feeling that some have mentioned here started becoming very annoying, and that was only with the 100 's. Mentioned this to my PD and all she did was put me on a higher dose - something tells me she must be getting huge kickbacks from Janssen, the mfr.
I have been using Epiduo for a week now. I have combination skin, but mostly oily and I 'm 17 years old. I have mild acne but I just wanted to get ride of it completely. Since I have only been using it for a week my rating is a 5. I put it on every night and my skin surprisingly has not been very very dry. It does make my sensitive skin more red though and I started to see an improvement but then it pretty much making me breakout but that 's the process of cleaning out your pores so I 'm excited to see the results when it becomes a full month or 2 months. I recommend using this because I have high hopes for this product.
I 've been on tretinoin .025 for 5 weeks now and can 't decide whether to continue. I 've always had super oily skin, and this product has had no effect on the oiliness. I see so many people discuss moisturizing methods and peeling, yet I 've had nothing even close to that. I wake up and my skin is just as oily. I used to have mild cystic acne, and I 'm glad to say this product has eliminated that. Now I get smaller bumps that never really come to the surface and just stay there. It 's really frustrating because they don 't really go away yet they are small and hard to notice. I worry I need a stronger percentage but my doctor doesn 't think I should. I 'm really having doubts on whether to continue or not help!!
I received Implanon in May of 2008. I am due to have it removed in 6 months however, for the past year I have experienced decrease in sex drive, weight gain of 30lbs and also mood swings. My periods have been very scheduled and fairly regular which was great until 4-5 months ago when I missed a period then was on time the following 2 months. Last month I started a week early and it was unusually light, this month I started 2 1/2 weeks early and it has been off and on spotting for the past 5 days. I did call the helpline when I missed my period. They did not seem to concerned and I have not been able to find ANYwhere the birth rates on this specific birth control! I loved it until a year ago so the first half of my experience was great the last half no.
I 'm on day 4 of 50 mg of Topamax, and am supposed to up it to 100mg on the 7th day. I 've not had a migraine but the side effects are draining me. I have headaches almost everyday and they usually turn into a migraine. But so far in the 4 days on Topamax I 've only had to take one triptan and it worked ASAP. I hope I can hang in there. I 'd like to lose some weight too!
Loestrin is VERY effective as a contraceptive. However, I am on the pill because of irregular and painful periods. The pill is good but what bothers me is that my monthly cycle, though tolerable, is COMPLETELY UNPREDICTABLE. The first few months i had a period, short and light. Then my period disappeared, and I thought i was pregnant. My doctor told me this is normal with this pill. After two or three months of no period it came back preceded by cramping and severe nausea -- I thought I was pregnant AGAIN! The number of days between periods is not consistent. This cycle I was exhausted, nauseous and moody a week and a half before the  bleeding began. Now I am having nausea though physical symptoms usually disappear a day or two of bleeding.
Have chronic insomnia for six years. Estazolam helps me fall asleep, .5-1.0 mg. Four hours later it 's toss and turn. Lots of dreams. Next day it 's double vision.  Even on .5mg.  looking for alternatives.
I 've been on this medication for about a week now today is the first day I will be taking the one pill in the morning and one pill in the evening. So far I haven 't noticed any severe side effects. A little constipation but so far so good. I 've lost about 2 lbs this week. I have noticed an increase in my energy level it seems as though I 've gotten a boost still to early for me to really tell how this medication is going to do for me but I 'll keep posting as I go along! I had lost 70 lbs in my own starting at 324lbs I 've been plateaued and hoping this medication helps me to continue my journey. Good luck everyone I 'll keep you posted!!
I have been on this for 4 days ..I am so sick not sure if I am going to be able to stay on it . Sugar levels are good
Elavil, good drug but am starting to depend on it... started with 12.5mg, within few months I was off it...However, I had a relapse after 5 months of abruptly tapering off,  which was terrible, like I was going to pass out in minutes. Now, I am on 100mg but it seems I need to increase the dosage because I have a hodgepodge of headaches and balance issues..Sleep as been wonderful regardless of mentioned symptoms... Is this feeling normal and will I need to increase it...????
I  am a 45 yr old female with moderate rt knee osteo which feels severe because I have bone on bone rt hip osteo.  I have tried cortisone before, which worked great , but it seems osteo increased when the cortisone wore off over a very short time.  I was desperate to try another therapy for my knee since I have always been active , but lately stairs and long stents of walking are extremely hard for me .  I tried orthovisc for my knee in the last month : 3 shots 1every 7 days for 3 wks.  The first shot was ok - 2nd shot : I felt great after a week- the third shot was painful and took a little longer to recover.  I 'm assuming the 3rd shot was most painful due to soreness at injection site.  I notice the achiness during rain has went away.
I haven 't had a yeast infection in YEARS. The pain got so unbearable I figured I needed to go get the Monostat. BOY HOWDY! I don 't ever remember this much burning/itching when using it. But like I said it 's been at least 6 years. I just hope that this medication helps.
I 'm a 31 year old female, 5 '7&quot;, 115 lbs. I originally started 50 mg Zoloft when I was in college. Combined with 10 mg Buspar it did wonders for my depression and anxiety. I weaned off after 4-5 years and was off of it for 5 years, doing well until recently. Over the past year I 've been battling horrible insomnia and my anxiety became unbearable. I started back on Zoloft in August. The first week I started I an immediate improvement in my anxiety. My insomnia has yet to improve though, so my doctor kept increasing the dose, eventually peaking at 125. Currently on 100 mg and planning on getting off of it soon, as I 've become more jittery and insomnia has become worse lately.
I am on my 4th week of contrave. Taking two pills in the morning and two at night. I am 5 feet tall and started at 173 lbs. I have lost 6lbs. I have had sharp  stomach pain. Mainly after eating a big meal, which I haven 't done since I realize that it only happened when eating too much.I haven 't had any nausea even when taking my pills on an empty stomach. I don 't think about food as much. But I can 't really say that I am no long hungry. I have deceased my portion size and I am not starving all the time. I have been constipated, which is a new thing for me. I think it 's because I haven 't been drinking as much water as I should, even though my mouth feels like cotton. I have had very strange dreams, Not scary in a boogeyman kinda of way, tho
I was given a 10 day course of bactrim. I made through 2.5 days before going back to the doctor. I had severe diarrhea. I was going every 15 minutes and wasn 't able to sleep. It seemed to help my uti symptoms, but I almost ended up in the hospital. Now I 'm prescribed cipro when I get a uti.
I drank a 10 mL bottle of the lemon lime flavor at about 7:00pm and had to spread it out because it made me nauseous and I couldn 't handle the taste, so I finished it at about 8:15pm and I had been sipping about 15-20 oz of water along with it. This has been a PAINFUL experience so far (it 's currently 12:15am). I have had intense cramping in my lower abdomen that makes me feel like I constantly have to poop. But I really have not been able to go a whole lot (when I do, it 's pure liquid as many other reviews said.) but it also made my stomach so upset and caused considerable nausea and so in between bouts of diarrhea I was dry heaving/retching over the toilet but no vomit so far. The pain is nearly unbearable and I just wish it would stop.
Just started this medication a week ago. Switched from Quinapril. My blood pressure has come down a bit. I have bad dreams, feel tired, and sleep soundly.
I had basically perfect skin until my freshman year of college. my doctor prescribed this to me and it worked for my acne on my chin the next day and basically clearly my forehead. The after using it once a day, my skin became dry and irritated. it was flaky and my skin broke out because of the dead skin on my face. It really doesn 't work anymore and I keep trying it but now I realize it 's too harsh for my skin and I should use something lighter. also any type of moisturizer on my face made it burn like hell.
Worked but made me drowsy and put on weight
Better than the biologics or methotrexate that caused my lungs to burn up. However, after 7 years of 200 mg b.i.d. I think the time has come to quit this too, I have been experiencing nausea and liver pain for the last few weeks and just recently vomiting and hives followed by four hours of dry heaves. My liver (under and just beneath my right rib cage feels painful and swollen). The biologics are nasty too and my internist said 10 years is max on them as they are know to cause kidney/liver failure in his experience (42 years as an internist). I am not sure where to go from here. This is an awful disease. Diagnosed at 48. Only thing I know to keep the pain at bay is get up and move and don 't stop until it 's time for bed.
I 'm on my 2nd pack of aubra. I have tried two other brands of 2 phase birth control pills and I tried progesterone only pills (POP) too before aubra. The POP gave me so many issues.  Well with all the issues I went back to planned parenthood and she gave me aubra. However, I wanted to let you know what I 've experienced with aubra. My period came with the placebo pills. It was the best period I have ever had in my life. I hardly noticed it! No cramps, light, no bloating, good energy level, and exactly the right number of days. I was feeling great! Started the 2nd pack. As the days have gone by my face, neck and upper back have broken out in very painful acne. I am 28 and haven 't had any major acne since I was 19. I 'm going to finish out this pack. Then no more!
I have more breakouts than before and have gained 11 pounds in the first month. On a good note, my periods have become regulated. I also have been moodier.
I was prescribed this birth control b/c of my ovary cyst. I 've had unprotected sex after the birth control &amp; I 've not gotten my period. I 'm actually a week late. Not really worried b/c I took a pregnancy test at the hospital 4 days before my period was due &amp; it came out negative. A lot of reviews says they never got their period so that gives me hope. Besides that my breast have grew &amp; are very sore. &amp; I have bad acne. On top of that, I 've been eating A LOT. I haven 't spotted but have had unusual brown discharge. Symptoms are really weird.
I got prescribed this medication because previously I was on trinessa which was giving me week long periods. The plus side of this medication is that I have 2 day periods, none at all, or just some spotting. So thank goodness for that. However, I have only been on it for a few months. The negative side is that it has caused so much acne. I never have had issues with acne, maybe a pimple here and there. I use epiduo every night which I have been prescribed for 7 years, but that doesn 't even help. I have acne on my cheeks, big red pimples on my forehead, some of my chin... it 's ridiculous. Decided to call my GYN and am getting switched to mononessa. Hopefully I still have very short/no periods but my acne will also clear up!!
Great for itching but not for clearing plaque/ scalp psoriasis
There are so many mixed reviews for this product and honestly you can 't just go by what some of them say. Everyone 's body is different and will react differently to medications.  I 've never had a problem with Sprintec, but others may. It 's completely up to your body as to how it will react with the medication.  It 's fine to start out with it first since it is the cheapest birth control and if it doesn 't work for you...switch.
Was diagnosed with Supraventricular tachycardia two weeks ago and was put on Toprol 25 mg a day. It didn 't work with bringing down my pulse so doctor increased to 50 mg a day until I see my heart doctor. I have to say that I do not like the side effects. Heavy feeling in my chest, tired all the time, headaches, etc.  Hope my doctor recommends ablation because I don 't think I can take this medicine much longer.
I was on this for about a year and everything was great. Then I went off it for about 5 years (did not take anything else in place of Alesse). I then went back on for about 6 months. After the first month, I started having severe external itch, got tested for yeast infection but it wasn 't it. For 5 months I woke up 2-3 times every night with unbearable itch. I went off the pill and noticed right away the symptoms were much milder. Within 2 months I 'm completely normal again.I don 't know what 's different between 5 years ago and now but something is definitely different.
I tried Contrave for 5 days. I was just taking on in the morning and one at night. The side effects were too much. I was very dizzy, constant nausea, dry mouth and eyes and on the 5th day a slight ringing in my ear. I also had insomnia at night and sleepiness all day. Contrave did reduce my appetite and cravings. I might try Contrave agin later, but I 'll start with just one pill a day.  I 'll probably drink more water next time. I gave a 5 rating since I was only on the product 5 days.
The drug is good at making one feel good, but the weight gain is bad!!
Gained TWELVE pounds in the first 2 weeks! I don 't get it? That is my only side effect but it is a bad one. I already eat healthy and work out regularly and I can 't seem to drop this weight from the pill.
I 'm going on my third week of taking Contrave. The first week, I had instances of diarrhea. The second week, extreme nausea and diarrhea--I had to leave work within an hour. I 've also been using their Scale Down program, according to their scale, I 've lost 16lbs. however, the physician scale at my job indicates I 've only lost 1lb.
I 've had Irritable Bowel Syndrome for 11 years, and for almost the entire time, this was the medication I was on. It worked great at first, but then I started having to take double doses (which at least helped with nighttime problems, as it made me extremely drowsy). Eventually, it had no effect on my pain whatsoever, and I only experienced the side effects. I 've switched to Librax, which has given me limited results. This medication was a life-saver for years with very fast results, but I guess it just stopped working for me.
Chronic back pain/three back surgeries. Medicine is only mildly useful. I have breakthrough pain every time I have to walk more than two or three minutes.  I was told I shouldn 't need anything besides this medicine, but that is NOT true. I am also having a skin reaction at the patch site. Before being given this medicine, I reminded my doctor that I have a problem with most bandage adhesives (only paper tape works), but she said this wouldn 't be a problem. Wrong....I am getting blisters.
I went from prostatitis to tendonitis. This medicine has certainly cured my prostatitis, but my knee joints and ankle joints have been aching. 
It 's been helping me a lot for my awful pure OCD, intrusive thoughts. I 'd rate it a 6 out of 10. However, I  've just recently increased the dose from 150mg to 200mg so I might feel even better. Bad side effects: low libido, nausea and drowsiness. Hope they will eventually subside as im taking it for less than two months (nausea is already subsiding )
I have been on Abilify for almost a year now after having a starting to go into a manic episode. Abilify helped very quickly for me and kept me from going full blown mania. It also has stabilized my moods very well, however the down side is I have gained tremendous amounts of weight while on this 50lbs in the first 6 months with 34 more lbs in the following months. My regular MD told me it was the Abilify after doing some test for other things, and advised me to get off this. I can 't afford to gain anymore weight and I am hoping that getting off this takes care of that, but I also hope I will remain stable. Good luck if you need this take it, but be aware of increased hunger and weight gain.
It makes my stomach cramp and haven 't lost as much weight as I had hoped
Now that I being told by my primary care Dr. And an ENT that this drug I have taken for three years is the cause of breathing difficulty, a chronic cough, hoarseness, and extreme fatigue, I should be relieved but I am really angry.  I 've been told my symptoms were those of a panic attack twice. I have had numerous tests, prescriptions from several different doctors with no relief only to find out that I have diabetes II and should never have been put on Micardis HCT to begin with. Trouble with sleeping was caused by severe sleep apnea...I could go on and on, but the cough and hoarseness is still a big problem.How long will these symptoms continue?
I took 2 teaspoons of this cough medicine because I have been bothered with consistent cough due to virus that has overtaken my family. Anyway, I fell in a twilight sleep where I could still hear the T.V and could hear myself snore. I was having scary dreams. I couldn 't urinate when I went to the bathroom. Going into the 3rd or 4th hour after taking the medicine, I woke up with nausea, dizziness, and headache. I ended up sleeping on the bathroom floor with a pillow. That kind of reaction is not something that I want to experience again.
I have taken Relpax 3-4 times, and strangely enough I have had extremely vivid nightmares.  This is very unusual for me because I 'm not the type to have nightmares.  Normally, I might have one per year, and suddenly as I have taken this medication I 've had nightmares each night that I have taken the medication.  I think it 's not a coincidence since this has already occurred 3-4 times in less than 2 weeks.
Causes Constipation.
I have taken Metroprolol (Beta Blocker) for years for high blood pressure caused by renal FMD. The negative side effect was primarily on cognitive function plus cold hands and feet. My short term memory really became poor. i experimented by taking myself off it for a few weeks and then putting myself back on it. I was able to measure a clear difference in cognitive function. I decided to refuse to take any more Metroprolol and my doctor found me Felodipine which is fine.
I took Cymbalta for the first time last night. Within an hour I was falling asleep on the couch, which I never do. Usually I have insomnia, but I slept through the night. However, when I woke up I was violently nauseous and had to take an anti nausea medication (which I sometimes use when my anxiety is really bad cause it makes me sick). I attempted to go about my normal day, but found myself having to take two naps because I was excessively tired. I 've been watching and reading about this medication all day and I am terrified to take another dose because of the side effects and ultimate withdrawal I 'll experience if it doesn 't work out. I noticed today, through my headache and tiredness that I felt more calm. I 'm praying it works for me!
Ever since I 've been getting my period I 've had dier cramps to the point where id have to miss school for 2 days each month and take sleepy medicine to knock me out. Minastrin absolutely releaved my cramps. I will occasionally feel a discomfort but not bad enough where I have to take pain killers. At first when I got it I barely got my period but now I 've had it for close to 3 weeks. I 'm not sure if this has to do with the birth control but probably. If I wasn 't continuously on my period than I would rate it at an 8 because sometimes it gives me mood swings as well.
Tramadol gave me moderate pain relief, however, it was EXCELLENT for my depression/anxiety. Lost 2 kilos in 2 weeks, which is great too, because I was a little overweight due to amitriptyline, and extra pounds is always bad when we are talking about pain...@atualizationStopped working after 2 months
I have been taking this medication for 2 years now. First year, it worked like a wonder pill. Minimal side effects such as nausea and drowsiness after in jesting it. Some times I would have a feeling of impending doom like if my life was going to end after I took the pill. Later this medicine turned out horrible. I don 't know what a night sleep is. It causes me severe insomnia. I feel always tired even after sleeping 15 hours.  I 'm suffering from a severe depression from this medicine. It makes me irritable and angry. It drains me of motivation.  The only thing I can say good about this medicine, is that it has caused me no weight gain whatsoever. This medication drains me from being able to live life.
I have had a less than par experience from this drug, but if you have been recently diagnosed with PTC, I would highly encourage you trying this as your course of treatment. Everybody reacts differently to medications and has different limitations in how far their willing to go to get help. I was diagnosed in April of 2015, but have had it for 4 years. Nothing ever showed on MRI 's so they kept giving me migraine medicines but nothing ever worked. Once I was diagnosed and took the medicine the pressure went away, but the side effects started. Tingling and bad tasting carbonation is something that you can deal with when the bowling ball size pressure in your brain is gone. The worst side effect for me was the spacey and droggy-ness I felt.
I think its a double edged sword, apparently I had some stomach flu or food poisoning, Symptoms were heartburn gas bloating and constipation. Took a few tablespoons of MOM. It did help with the constipation and gas,  initially, unfortunately the side effects are gas and nausea. I have experienced gas and nausea from magnesium supplements before. So while it did help with my condition, I don 't think overall its worthwhile for gas and heartburn, as it can irritate the stomach! At least mine anyway.
At first I didn 't have any side effects but the longer I have taken this medication I have been experiencing headaches. I never used to get headaches before and I have had bloating in my abdominal area.  
My son is 7 and was diagnosed a few months ago.  He started with the 27mg Concerta and that didn 't seem to help at all.  Moved him to 36mg and he 's doing a little better.  There are a few concerns though.  Around 5:30, 6;00 in the evening he will have emotional meltdowns.  Cries at the drop of a hat.  Also I pretty much have to bribe him to eat and he has lost so much weight.  I am thinking about trying to switch to something else but not sure what to switch him to.
Just started about 10 days ago up from 25mg evenings to 50mg after a week which is intended final dose. Much lower doses prescribed in Europe to limit side effects listed in some cases here. Seems to help getting to sleep and sleeping through night, wake early though with less of that anxious feeling in stomach. Take 10mg escitalopram (should be on 20 but want to limit the cocktail). Focus here is to be less dependent on benzos which seem less defective. Feeling quite spaced out and not quite myself being used to high energy and nervous (positively and negatively so) though there is a more general sense of calm which may just be such a distant feeling from the norm I had gotten used to. threads on withdrawal not that encouraging..
This medication may be good if all you 're dealing with is depression. If you add in chronic pain and anxiety this medication will make you believe for a week or two that you are feeling better then because of the chronic pain and anxiety there will be a low slump with overwhelming feelings of depression, fatigue and wanting to isolate oneself from everything.
A suggestion for people that have insomnia problems with Pristiq--take it in the morning. The first week I was on this I took it at night and there was no sleeping to be had. I 've been on it for 8 months now and ever since I switched to mornings and I 've been sleeping just fine.
I have been taking these pills for a few months now.  I have been experiencing major sweating issues. I sweat through most of my clothes and experience &quot;hot flash&quot; type feeling through out the day.  I did like that this pill has made my periods extremely light and they only last for about 2 days.  That is nice but I am not sure if I can deal with the excessive sweating.
I 'm currently on day 4 of 10 taking Doxy twice a day.  My doctor thought I had a touch of bronchitis, although I was thinking possible pneumonia.  Anyway, I felt better almost immediately after taking the first dose or two, but it 's still not the full relief I was hoping for.  My cough is just slighly looser and I definitely feel better, but I 'm still coughing quite a bit and wheezing.  I was prescribed another time a few years ago, and I 'm pretty sure I remember it taking a good 8 or 9 days to completely kick in.  I 'll try to remember to post update in another few days. I 'm really HOPING that this kicks in stronger sometime in the next 3-4 days. Tired of coughing.
I have been on Gilenya for 6 weeks with no side effects and thought it was wonderful.  Until, the other day I had aches and pains progressively getting worse throughout the day. The next day I was in bed with a severe headache, body aches, and my lips were swollen.  I have noticed spots on my lower legs, like mosquito bites, which do not itch at all, but feel like an intense bruise when touched.  My GP gave me Prednisone and told me to call my neurologist and stop the Gilenya. I made my appointment today.
I 've used it 3 times now for deep sea fishing.  The first two times, it worked great - no motion sickness. The third time I used it, I almost died.  I threw up for 9 hours.  I was heaving so hard, all of the muscles in my torso are sore.  At the end, there was not even bile in my stomach and I was still heaving.  I had no problems after the patch was removed any of the three times I wore it.
Ok I 've had my IUD in for about 3-4 weeks now. I got it in off my period, with no misprostal and no cervical block. It was brutal but I survived. Didn 't cramp afterwards, didn 't spot afterwards, totally normal. I was thinking maybe (for once in my life) that I got lucky and wasn 't going to have a traumatic experience.Wrong! I 'm on my first period since getting it, have been bleeding heavily for over a week now and my period cramps are HEINOUS. Like it feels like insertion pains all over again. I 'm starting to worry it has expelled itself or latched onto something its not supposed to be latched onto. I 've been on the couch sobbing from the cramps all day.
I have chronic prostatitis kept in check with Flomax.  This drug interfered with my Flomax and I became symptomatic with my prostatitis within 48 hrs.  Quite a shock after having been symptom free for almost 2 years!
It has been about two weeks since I 've been taking Nuedexta. I went to my doctor back then as I was having angry outbursts as well as increased thoughts of hurting myself or others. Additionally, my anger was taking over any type of rational decision making. My doctor prescribed Nuedexta...just more recently, I 've felt somewhat of a change. I don 't feel as angry and if I 'm in an anger-provoking situation, I know I have to &quot;step aside&quot; and take time out. This never happened until I took Nuedexta. The only complaint I have about the medicine is that since it 's new on the market--as far as I know, as the pharmacist had never heard of it--the cost was high and I had to wait a day for the prescription to be delivered.
I started the pill 3 weeks ago I 'm about to begin the 4th week tomorrow, I 've experienced breast tenderness since the first pill I 've taken and it 's been inconsistent and hasn 't stopped yet, normally I 'd just have breast soreness the week of my period then it would stop but when I took the pill it hasn 't stopped, i did get acne the first week but it cleared up, I have noticed some mood swing change as i got closer to the 2 green pills, but I normally pms the week before my period, it seems as tho my patience is a lot thinner now though then it was before, I 'm nervous for the yellow pills because my periods weren 't ever bad before and I 'm afraid there gonna be longer or something but i hope not. Overall i like the pill and would recommend it
I have been on Roxicodone for almost three years due to my compression fractures and other chronic back pain. It worked very well in the first 6 months, but I then built a tolerance and cannot stay out of pain all day. Would recommend the extended release.
I was diagnosed a few months ago. My doctor started me on 400mg a day and 3 times a week I went in for bladder instillation. Soon after it became obvious that I am quite allergic to it. I continued to take it (with a strong dose of Benadryl) but my reactions continued to get worse, so I quit taking it about a week ago...the symptoms are back. Don 't know which is worse. What else is out there ?
So Ladies let 's talk. 1 1/2 years and let me say I 'm happy to soon be off of it. I 've had terrible mood swings, terrible cramps , periods that arrive early, late or not at all. I 've gained 30 lbs (which is not entirely the BC 's fault but some credit is due) and it 's holding onto it really well. All I can say is that this BC isn 't the best for me. Some women have a great experience but I would say if you come from a family that gains weight easy -- stay away from it.
I have been on this since September and I have a scar on my arm where it was inserted, which they said I wouldn 't get. Since then, I have had a HEAVY period EVERY SINGLE DAY except TWO DAYS. This constant period has been going on for over 5 months now, almost 6. I have gone from 120lbs to 160lbs, get terrible acne, and deal with even more debilitating depression and anxiety.   However, this is just MY experience, and more people with bad experiences will share on here than people with good experiences. It would not exist if there were more bad than good experiences. Although, without this birth control, I would be getting my periods just as often and heaver, so might as well take what I can get and not be pregnant yet.
I took two doses of this medicine as instructed, and afterwards experienced severe headache, bad stomach cramping and loose stools.
Helped with cramping from opiate withdrawals for me!
Babygirl, im with ya! Im in extreme pain every minute of everyday! My young son doesnt deserve this either! I am on 900 mg gabapentin 3 times a day as well as 25mg vicodin. These help but pain is always there. Today the gabapentin is not working at all and the vicodin only takes the edge off! I feel for anybody that lives with pain day to day. Whats the answer? Im still searching! Dont give up. This can be overcome. I dont know your condition but if you need to talk let me know!!
I will preface this by saying that I haven 't been on any form of hormonal birth control in over ten years. I am 40 years old and started taking this pill for perimenopausal symptoms. I wasn 't able to track my cycle anymore. That being said, I really wanted to like this pill. My insurance covers it. It provided relief from the symptoms I had been having and I felt more level. However, the side effects were just as bad. I had breakthrough bleeding every day after the first week. From day one, my breasts were incredibly sore and grew in size (not a bonus for me). I was dry heaving in the middle of the night. The constipation and bloating aren 't fun either. Called my doc after 2 weeks. I need lower estrogen and will start the Nuvaring today.
Refilled my prescription two weeks ago after not taking the medication for a few months. It definitely helps with arthritis and back pain but this time I 've gained 6lbs instantly. Didn 't change anything in my diet and increased my exercise. Stomach boating is terrible. Be cautious when taking this medicine. Will be using this sparingly and only if needed.
Had heart attack 12/15/2016 and put on Brilinta 90mg twice a day, plus 81mg Aspirin once a day. I experienced shortness of breath, and a cough. Went to see my Cardiologist, he says the shortness of breath will get better, and the cough is not related to the Brilinta. Recently I started feeling soreness on the tops of my hands I press on the veins, and soreness increases. I have now developed large bruises on the top of both hands, with slight swelling.  My vision also has changed,  bluryness in my left eye, I see no documentation that this is a side effect. Anyone else have this?
I was prescribed Loestrin to get my irregular periods regular, and Gildess is the generic that my pharmacy carried. It did a really terrible job of regulating my periods, because they are crazier now than they were before. The first month, I spotted almost the entire month, but my period was on time, short, and light. When I didn 't spot at all the second month, I figured it would be smooth sailing. Nope. My period was really early that month and longer than usual. I either had an extremely early period the third month, or heavy spotting accompanied by bad cramps and no period at all. It didn 't effect my sex drive, but it did cause me to have vaginal dryness for about the first six weeks of taking it, although thankfully that side effect did go away after a while. I found myself to be incredibly short tempered after starting this medication, but I think that side effect subsided (ask my friends, I guess haha). I also became alarmed at the amount of hair that was falling out, but a call to the doctor assured me that the hair is falling out faster, but also growing back in faster. I haven 't noticed a change in the fullness of my hair, so I 'll take her word on it. I have noticed myself having more pimples in the last month, but this could be related to stress, because I hadn 't noticed it the first two months.Bottom line, I 'm giving it a six, because while it served me well as a birth control and I didn 't get pregnant while taking it and most of its side effects subsided for me, it has served me poorly for the reason it was prescribed, to regulate my period.
Worked really well when I first started it, but now (2 years later)it is not as effective.
I 've only taken 25mg Zoloft for a week and am scheduled to increase to 50mg in one more week. I had such a horrible reaction to three doses of Lexapro that my psychiatrist switched to Zoloft. An hour or two after taking the Zoloft, I feel calm, and then there is an uptick in my anxiety and I get fidgety and sometimes mildly panicky. I am also taking 0.5 to 1mg, Xanax per day, which we will ease off of once the Zoloft kicks in, and I have weekly visits with a good therapist. My anxiety ramped up to critical mass into a weather phobia (we 're in KC), so springtime is a nightmare for me. I 'm a gardener, so this disorder has sucked all the joy out of the thing I love to do most. I pray my experience is as positive as many I 've read here.
I had DEEP, purple bruising cystic acne (difficult to pop and really didn 't have much pus; mostly hard swelling) on my chin, shoulders and back. I am about 7 months in. My face is mostly clear and I don 't get any more of the bad pustules; the acne I do get is small and pops easily. Redness and buttery looking face is gone. It really did help my acne/skin.HOWEVERI am sad to say I had too many scary side effects and have stopped taking it:-I had random soreness: under forearms, above heels, back of calves, inner thighs, tips of fingers. It hurt to walk, sit and type.-My legs would twitch at night and keep me awake. My ankles/toes would suddenly flex.-I had an uneasy feeling like I was coming down with a cold the entire time I was on it
I suffer from anxiety and have tried several medications in the past. I just started using Buspar 5mg twice daily. I notice in the morning, I am dizzy and have vision problems, it goes away after about 30 mins and I find it is helpful to eat when I take it, as side effects are not as bad. I do like it as I am not as high strung throughout the day, my kids have noticed a big difference in my mood. I 'm going to give it a bit longer.
Over the last week and a half, I 've been light headed, pressure on my forehead. At work I would notice my symptoms more and feel like I 'd have to hold on to the counters. Went into the doc, she knew what it was right away with the eye test. She prescribed meclizine 25mg. I took 2 yesterday, haven 't even taken one yet today, because I fell asleep on my couch 4 times. I think I 'll try just taking a half a tablet at night and see how that goes with the fatigue.
Today I started week 3 and here are the 3 biggest side effects I have been experiencing: 1. Nausea - Comes out of nowhere. It 's comparable to mid-level sea sickness type feeling. At times I feel like I need to vomit; however, I came very close once and got past it.2. Loss of appetite - I 'm never hungry. Although, I have to eat, so I have made better choices when I do. My cravings for anything sweet has diminished altogether.3. Heartburn - Just like the nausea; it comes out of nowhere and I want to drink of gallon of Pepto to help, which I did try once and I couldn 't.Overall, like with any medication, there are going to be side effects. Some more severe than others but try it and see how it might work for you. Best of luck!!
I gave Belviq a 6 rating because my weight has been fluctuating between 180 - 185, it was usually towards the higher end.  Recently my Doc put me on Metformin as well because my blood sugar is slightly out of the normal range.  After I started the Metformin, my weight has remained in the low end of that range. I will say that after starting the 2 week trial (i 'm almost at the end) my portions are getting smaller and I do feel fuller faster.  Cravings are still there but it is getting easier to deal with. I try to stick to sugar free portion controlled desserts, like pudding.  I don 't expect to get mind blowing results on a two week trial, so I 'm willing to get a 90 day supply and see how things go.  I hope I can get over the 180 hump.
Though it helps with pain from rheumathoid arthritis, I am more depressed than ever with this medication. When trying to discontinue duloxetine I have very bad withdrawals which I had to get back on right away to stop. I feel worse depression than ever and stuck on this medication. The withdrawals are horrible.
I 've been on this for about 3 years and experience very little cramping and other period side effects which is great. Also I haven 't gotten pregnant so I guess it does the job. But I experience drastic mood swings, no sex drive whatsoever, and my hooha is like a desert. I stayed on it because I 'm too lazy to make a new appointment with my gyno but its starting to drive a wedge in my relationship as the side effects are getting increasingly worse, so I plan to change soon.
Was on Lexapro back in 2009 and it helped me a lot. I had a lot of stress and minor depression. I went off it a few months after I started because I felt so good, and that was a bad idea. I recently started taking it again and as of right now I 'm going through some bad side effects. I normally don 't feel bad at home but I 'm stressing out. Can 't eat, have a minor headache and I 'm anxious as well. I hope this feeling ends soon.
I feel like Zubsolv puts you into withdrawal too fast and that 's after splitting mine up to 4x a day even. Suboxone never did this I could go hours past my typical dosing time and not even realize the time had passed. It does taste better but personally I feel it is less effective. I miss suboxone I feel like the Zubsolv is making me irritable and I bet its because I 'm withdrawing even though they claim this is the same dose as far as what 's absorbed. if that 's true then I wouldn 't feel this way. I have to stay on it though because with the copay card you can Google and print off it is costing me $0 which is so much better than $186 a month!
Not the most effective. It did tone down my hypomania a little bit. I normally get depressive episodes at a set time every year, and lamotrigine pushed it a bit later than it would have been. Besides that, it didn 't do much; I 'm still having severe depressive episodes that lead to suicidality. No side effects on its own, but I 've noticed that it seems to magnify the side effects of other drugs if I take both (e.g., if I take a drug that makes me drowsy, lamotrigine makes me more drowsy; if I take a drug that makes me nauseous, lamotrigine makes me more nauseous, etc.). All in all I 'm pretty neutral on this drug. It 's not great, but not bad.
I am currently on day 2 of this medication and I 've had some troubling side effects. Very tired, nasty taste in my mouth and bouts of dizziness along with slight tummy upset and feeling foggy at times. I wish I would have been warned before taking it that it 's best to take with probiotics, I have been eating yogurt, but from what I 've read about this medication, it takes a lot more than yogurt to keep things normal. Thankfully I only have to take it for 4 days, 2 tabs every 6 hours, for a tooth infection. I am hoping I don 't develop any of the really awful side effects.  The only reason I was prescribed was because I had am allergic reaction to Augmentin. Given the severity of the side effects you 'd think they would warn patients.
I started using Tri Sprintec 3 months ago. Within the first week, I noticed that my face began to breakout more than usual. I am now using medicated face wash to decrease the breakouts, so I can 't tell if they would still be as bad after the first month. I have also gained a noticeable amount of weight since starting the pill. I eat relatively healthy, and I workout 4-6 times a week. However, I feel extremely bloated, as if I have a whole other layer of skin on. The weight gain and the inability to lose it has been unbearable, which is why I 'm switching to a lower dosage pill. Overall, Tri Sprintec wasn 't all that bad - no breakthrough bleeding, no moodiness, no nausea, etc. The only complaint is that it did make me gain weight quick.
Started phentermine March 2016 37.5 mg. One x a day.  As of April 15 no change in weight with change in eating pattern of reduction in amounts.  Started the topiramate as a mood stabilizer late march 25 mg titrating to 100 mg daily. So the combination of the two together for the two weeks the 37.5/100 has seen no weight loss effect.  Very disappointed.   Had read good things about the topiramate alone and then about the combination of the phentermine topiramate.   I eat almost no sugar, do not drink pop, eat red meat, or consume outlandish amount of calories.  The weight should be falling off.
I began taking this medication a week ago. The first and second day were great, no noticeable side effects other than the fact that I was happy and full of energy. The third day I began noticing that my emotions were very easy coming. One sad thing would make me tear up. I also noticed weakness in my left arm. I am only 21 years old and have been on some type of antidepressant since 18 years old. This is the first to make my arm feel this way. Please let me know if anyone else has left arm weakness.
I 've had it for two year now. It works great, I haven 't had any surprise pregnancies... But, I have gained 40 lbs since  then despite exercising a 3-5 times a week and controlled eating habits. The first few months I felt really fatigued and got a lot of large acne flare ups and my appetite increased like crazy - I was never satisfied/full. I gained 10 lbs those first few months. I 've had no bleeding at all, which was nice. Those are my only complaints. I will be getting off the shot bc with all my physical activity and limited eating, I still gain weight :(
I was on this for awhile, then I started to break out with zits uncontrollably like I was a teenager again.  NOT my cup of tea.
Yes, it helped my urinary flow but the dry ejaculation and lower sex drive are a deal breaker for me! I 'm going back to Flomax or using nothing. I really like sex!
I 've had essential tremor for most of my life.  It has got worse in the last 5 years, so I 've taken 7 to 8 different drugs (at different times) to see how well they worked.  Propanolol worked best, but unfortunately brought out my old asthma that I hadn 't had since childhood.  Primidone was the only other that seemed to work for me, but was not a cure all.  The problem I had with Primidone was the bad effects it gave you, but I persevered and it went away in 3 to 4 days and has not come back again.  The bottle says to take three 50 mg pills a day.  This is a lower dosage.  But, I just take one 50 mg pill once a day and have on occasion upped it to two when I want to feel more confident in public without embarrassing myself with hand tremors.
Pros: Symptoms started to noticeably decrease after about 3-4 days. Cons: Very pricey even with insurance and discount card and uncomfortable to use suppository during a bad flare-upSide effects: a few small headaches and severe stomach pains (had to stop using it). On a scale 1-10 stomach pains ranged between a 5-8.
This is day 3 of taking the medication,  and although my sinusitis symptoms have majorly improved, I now have severe diarrhea and a pounding headache every day. Between the two I can barely function.  If it doesn 't improve by tomorrow I 'm going to call the Dr 's and hopefully switch to something else.
I 'm taking Flagyl for what I guess is a bacterial infection but I 've been taking it for a few days possibly even a week and I cant really tell a difference, all I know is that I have an inflamed colon and I 'm scheduled for a colonoscopy in December, I 'm taking 500mg three times a day for 14 days and sometimes I do miss a dose every now and again, could this be why I haven 't noticed much change?? and I haven 't experienced any side effects aside from feeling a little tired because i always take it after a meal, the only thing i have to complain about it is that its uncoated so it tastes pretty bad but if you just take a mouthful of drink first then drop the pill in it really helps with the taste. btw im only 17 years old
Procedure scheduled for 6.30am. Clear liquids only for prior 36 hours, nothing by mouth except for bowel prep after midnight. Started at 6pm as prescribed and took first half of the prep at 15 minute intervals over one hour. The taste is vile, sweet-salty with chemical feel and the consistency thick, almost like vegetable oil. I was able to take it fairly easily, followed by water as prescribed. Four hours later the bowel motions began, Second round began at midnight, had to gag it down but able to finish dose. Results good, clear pale yellow at the end. Severe hunger headache and malaise throughout. 12 hrs after procedure still have rumbling bowels.
7.5/300 Vicodin = 15mg Generic OxycodoneNot very effective for torn ankle ligament
I have been on accuntane for just over 2 months so far, starting on 20mg a day, second month 40mg a day and going into my third month of 60mg. My skin is the worst it has ever been! I take comfort in the countless reviews that this medication does work and one day I will have clear skin! It 's a small price to pay for a few months of hell to be acne free after years of putting up with it! The only plus side is the oily skin I used to suffer with is a distant memory! Dry lips are a slight pain although it 's manageable, lipsticks stays on for a total of ten minutes. Dry skin and dry hair slightly also, the hardest part for me to cope with is the horrific breakout, however I 'm assured that this is normal. Fingers crossed it works.
I have been on Implanon for what will be 3 years in October. At first, I thought it was the best thing ever. I didn 't have a period for almost 6 months, but once that 6 months ended, it was a never-ending cycle of my period. I am not exaggerating when I say I was on my period for almost 2 years before it started to regulate out again. Yes, it is a awesome BIRTH CONTROL but it will speak for itself. I am JUST now starting to regulate out. My periods usually last about 2 or 3 weeks and then I 'll be off for about 2 or 3 weeks. Also, over the past 2 years, its made my body think I was pregnant. Which includes all the pregnancy side effects. But if you REALLY do not want to have children, I do recommend this.
I spotted for a few weeks at first, but it never happened again. I had short, 2 or 3 day periods, only minor cramps, no nausea--a huge one for me because I have a sensitive stomach, no moodiness, no weight gain. It was almost like not being on the pill at all, except that I immediately noticed that my generally clear skin was breaking out like CRAZY with really painful cystic acne. I assumed it was just an initial breakout and tried to wait it out, but I just recently quit after 4 months because I couldn 't handle the horrible acne. I did a lot of research and it 's progesterone is very androgenic and is known to cause acne. It 's a shame because otherwise, it was PERFECT. Because that was my only side effect, I 'd still recommend it though.
My experience so far is not that good but not that bad either. However, I would like to try a different brand besides this one. I 've been using this brand for about 2 years. When I first started this Birth Control I had very bad headaches for the first 3 or 4 months. My appetite at that time also increased. My acne was getting worse as well but it 's a good thing it has cleared up. I 've been feeling so bloated and depressed lately that I felt like crying for no reason at all. I have had some chest pain as well which I think is known as heartburn. It doesn 't happen often though. Now the pros of this brand is that I haven 't had bad cramps like I used to. My periods have been regulated and light. It 's not horrible but it 's not great either.
I went from working nights (3:30pm-12:00am) to working 7am-3:30. I would keep thinking all night and I couldn 't shut my brain off. I have always had problems with insomnia, so much so that some times I would stay up for days at a time. I was prescribed Ambien by my doctor and I started taking it at night. It worked. The first time I took it I started hallucinating. I saw two of everything and I couldn 't hold my head up. I woke up and felt fine. So I kept taking it. Slowly I started getting very sad as I woke up.  I thought about doing terrible things to myself. After being awake for a couple hours I was fine. This drug made me very depressed. I never abused this medication. I was very careful. Effects are different for everyone.
I was on 2.5 mg and it made me into a hungry zombie. All my emotions were flat, it made life completely unpleasant, everyday was a struggle to get through, and sex was completely numb.  However, it was a very effective  medication for bipolar one disorder, if it wasn 't for the side effects I 'd still be on it.
Well I think that it has help with my anger. however not really my depression. People say I 'm a lot better but I 'm still down inside. Don 't really know if there is a real cure for depression.
Hi I just started taking this medication 3,days ago,  I take in morning .  I feel tired and mind is cloudy after.  I 'm taking 5 mg  for first week then up to 10 mg,  does anyone know of the best time to take this med is??
It 's a good drug if you can maintain your weight while on it. For some reason it really makes you hungry. It also makes you sleepy but has helped my Bipolar disorder well.
Effective for treating bacterial tooth/gum infection, but the side effects were significant.  Ulcer-like stomach pain, gas &amp; intestinal cramping were the most worrying.  I also felt weepy and depressed for no reason while taking clindamycin (which has happened to me on other antibiotics like Cipro).  I also noticed achy bone and joint pains intermittently.  I just felt generally unwell while taking this medication.  Use caution if you 're in a hospital setting or take a proton pump inhibitor, as clindamycin is the antibiotic most likely to cause C. diff infection.
I was very nervous about drinking this stuff.  I put it off as long as I could.  The Dr. told me to start drinking 8 oz glasses every 20 minutes and drink half the gallon.  Then the other half in the middle of the night.  I did not add any flavoring, no straw, no mints.  There was no smell, that helped a lot.  I took my first sip and knew I could do it.  Everyone 's description is spot on.  Salty, cheap, kind of thick, blah, its an uncomfortable feeling for sure.  I just knew if I took a sip every 30 seconds and try to keep each glass the same routine as the first I would get through it.  So far 1 hour and no urges although the burps are not so much fun.  I am following the Dr. orders exactly because I don 't want to have to do this a 2nd time
After a week, started having anxiety attacks, which was disappointing because it was relieving the pain in my face.
I took it for 5 days, and it seemed to help, but now 2 days after the last pills I 'm in a lot of pain again.  Perhaps it would 've been more effective had I been on it a few more days.
I 've been on Pristiq for a little of a year and a half now. It has helped with my anxiety amazingly but I have gained 20 pounds from it. I 've done everything to get it off. I have always eaten healthy and I work out regularly. I cannot get off of it because then my anxiety will come back.  My doctor recommends I go to a dietitian to help me with this problem.  I was also on Lexapro for a year before this and it made me gain weight as well. All I want is for an anxiety medicine. That does not have this side effect but my doctor tells me there is none.
I am taking this med for a Left molar abscess, I was informed by the dentist that I have two. It is working on the abscess and me. I feel sickly and I have been nauseated and vomiteed once. I have been taking this for 3 days now with 2 more remaining, I will finish this medicine but after this I refuse to take this abt again. I am also taking amoxicillin along with this med, I have taken amoxicillin many times, no issue with it.
I have been on this pill for 3 months and I have suffered every side effect. The only reason I continue to take it is because of the low hormone levels. I have headaches with neurological symptoms, change in appetite, my breast were enlarged for 2 months then went down to normal size. I 'm also suffering from depression and I lost my sex drive as well as I can 't climax. My skin looks better.
I am sharing a painful experience actually. This is truthfully the closest to relief you will get for even more than one symptom...however long term use is not suggested. I speak from experience. I started taking this medicine about 3 years ago not for muscle pain as much as just lack of sleep. Worked wonders really! Then it became a daily thing which led to my body getting used to the dose and it took a minimum of 10 a night after 6 pm and I NEVER took pills!! I became dependent where I was ill without them. I would recommend them when needed and in moderation but not if they start to have this effect! Wish you all well!
Flattened out my acne, but that is about it. Would not recommend if your acne is deeply rooted and are scarring, but would recommend to those who frequently gets pimples with  pus.
I am a first time user: Extreme fatigue for the first few days taking it. After a few weeks of dramatic mood swings, the nausea around period week woke me up in the middle of the night! Waves of nausea that didn 't allow me to eat for almost entire day. But, I 'm still sticking it out- no weight gain, I 've started taking B-complex which REALLY helps. Oddest side effect is I no longer have desires for coffee (it makes me more tired) but am now frequently very thirsty.
I have been on Jolessa for three years. I have loved this however, I have gained 40 lbs while on this birth control. I just stopped the birth control today and I am hoping I can lose some of the weight I gained.
I have been taking this medication in the 10mg form for about a month and a half. I was having severe side effects from using Benicar over the past 5 years and asked my doctor to place me on another medication. After about three weeks I noticed redness, dry and dark circles under my eyes, had feelings of depression, hallucinations, insomnia, irritability, and a racing heart beat at times. My fianc&eacute; told me that on one occasion while sleeping on my back I stopped breathing for a few seconds. I have vivid dreams and wake up with brief sleep paralysis. I also have been itching a small dry patch of skin on my back. I 'm 37, and work out 2-3 times per week.  My BP is usually around 120-30/90. I 'm going to have my doctor switch me to another med.
I got the Liletta in 08/2016 after experiencing a miscarriage.  I 've had cramping the first week which went away but now I have a low sex drive, acne and weight gain.  I went a dermatologist, she prescribed facial wash, antibiotics and suggest I remove the IUD.  She also said progestin based birth control can make acne worse.  I will remove next week.  Don 't use if you don 't have to.
Wellbutrin worked great for me until my doc accidentally changed my dose without telling me and I had an overdose that almost killed me. It snuck up on me, I was fine until I suddenly was having a grand maul seizure and severe psychotic episodes. I 'm now taking 150 mgs and out of no where had more symptoms tonight and thought I was going to have another seizure. I didn 't and the feelings went away but in scared and quitting this drug after talking to my doc. I 'm also making an appointment with a neurologist. I guess just please be careful. Don 't mess with this medicine at all!!!
I 've been using this gel off and on, but BV always seems to come back. I think maybe my body is immune to this medication now so I 'm going to try metrogel. The first time I used cleocin it worked great for a few months, then of course it came back.. Then I got a yeast infection then after the treatment for the yeast BV would come back. It 's a never ending cycle. But the medicine gave me no side effects, and works until it comes back.
I have suffered from incredibly heavy periods since having my two kids (I 'm 38). After having the Mirena inserted (which hurt, but was quick and no worse than a labour pain) I spotted for approx 3 months. During this time, I also experienced some depression, drop in sex drive (which my dr. insisted is not related), breast tenderness and subtle weight gain. Its now been 5 months. I 've decided to have it removed. The spotting has stopped, aside from after sex-not so sexy; I am having fairly regular cramping which I can only liken to the feeling of an ovarian cyst. I 've never carried weight around my middle; I 'm a very active runner with a healthy diet but I swear this thing has given me a very doughy tummy.   I just want it gone.
I 'm a junior in high school and I 've been struggling with depression, I 've been on atleast 4 different medicines already and this one seemed to be good. But recently I had to be taken out of school for extreme nausea and vomiting, and it 's only been a few weeks.
The first two or three times I used this medication my lesions were past the &quot;weeping&quot; stage of the virus and on to healing. Subsequent applications of this medication now seem to have no effect.  I 've moved on to using Zovirax which seems like it not only halts any progress of the outbreak and my healing times are faster than any other medication I 've used. Abreva just seems to not work at all now.
So, I 've been on this birth control for about 2 months and so far I haven 't had much problems with it. I was on Gildess until it got &quot;recalled&quot; and I LOVED it. So until then I have been on 4 different birth controls and I was on the Junel 1/20 for 3 months and that made me gained weight, I was depressed and mean, had no sex drive. So now I have tried this one and it is going really good, I like that I don 't take the pills for a week. My moods are normal, I 'm losing weight easily, I 'm sexually active. But the only thing that sucks is I have back acne and I 've never had that before, they 're huge zits and super painful so iIwould like tips on how to calm those down! But other then that it 's a pretty good birth control so far!
Just started taking Latuda 2 days ago.  I may be psychologically thinking it 's starting to work already.  But I know it 's just wishful thinking.  Been on 20mg of Prozac, 100mg of Lamictal, .5mg Ativan &amp; 100mg of trazadone for 15 years.  Hopefully I can quit the Prozac altogather.  Will see, very hopeful.
I have used zolpidem for several years without problem. However I was very tired and also had a sinus infection that was very severe. I took the zolpidem to help me fall asleep and it worked as usual but after an hour or so, I got up (this was told to me because I have no memory of it) I got up went to the bathroom, fell, I missed the toilet, I played in it and painted the floor and walls with it. My husband and daughter in law cleaned me up and I resisted, but they got it done and I was put back in bed. I got up again and fell. They put me back to bed and the next morning I could not understand why I was in a different gown. 
I just started Escitalopram 10mg three days ago for GAD.  Although I do feel a little nauseous and tired (which I can handle), my main concern is the feeling as though there is a knot in my throat that I simply cannot shake.  Is this normal?  I want to give this medication a chance to work, but don 't know if I can stand this knotted throat feeling much longer.  Input please!
I 've been on the depo for over two years now. For the first 9 months I experienced light bleeding/spotting but the doctors told me to continue as it won 't be long until my body got used to it. After my third shot the bleeding just stopped completely. It is best to carry on with it because I haven 't had a period in over a year, just occasional spotting every couple of months if that. Weight gain was a problem for me but I 'm not overweight and I can lose if I stick to a healthy diet. Other than that I 've had no problem with the depo, it 's really not as bad as people are making it out to be. Once you get past the months of bleeding you don 't have to worry about a thing. :)
Literally I feel like the this is the worst medication I 've ever been on. Surgeon put me on this for an oral abscess.... been dying for like 5 days and two more to go. Can 't sleep but I 'm so tired eat, look at light, worst headache ever. Stomach hurts but this headache makes me forget about that. All in all, I feel horrible.
My fourth year on Letrozole. Diagnosed with breast cancer stage 2 hormone-estrogen positive in 2014. Opted for double mastectomy, no spread to lymph nodes, they also started the expanders right after double mastectomy. No chemo or radiation. Put on Letrazole, I noticed the weight gain right away, for me it is all in my stomach, looks like I am pregnant! I walk 3 miles 4 times a week and very active. I did ok the first two years, but after the third year, every bone in my body hurts, especially my left hip which radiates down on the side of  my leg. I take magnesium and vitamin D. I keep telling myself, just 24 more months on this Med, but now I hear that they think 5 years may not be long enough!!!
I 've had nexplanon for a little over a year now. The first year was absolutely amazing: no periods, light acne, no mood swings. It made my life a lot easier not dealing with the stress of monthly cycles. However, after the first year, About a month ago, things have started to change drastically. I have been on my period for 2 weeks now, my mood swings are out of control (I feel like a teenager they way I react), my acne is awful, I 've become quite depressed really over nothing, and I don 't know if it 's just mental but I feel as if I 've gained some weight. I know everyone is different, but I would highly consider research before you have this implanted. My life is going completely downhill from the sides effects. i am getting it removed.
I have this rash on my face from the Geodon. I have been taking it without food every night for a year. It 's been really hard to take it with food because it makes me feel like vomiting. But I never get paranoia anymore or anything bad so I don 't really want to come off of it but the rash on my face is bad. I 'm on 180mgs of Zeldox and 400mgs of Lamictal I 'm pretty sure it was caused by Geodon. Before I thought it was caused by Lamictal.
The worst metallic taste in mouth, dizziness and nausea
Ok I got the flu really bad and got a bacterial respiratory infection I got 5 days of this and an inhaler. The pharmacy said I didn 't have to take it with food I took the 2 pills at 11:30am about an hour after taking it I got an extremely bad headache that wouldn 't go away around 5 pm it finally went away. At 6:30 I started to get really painful bad stomach cramps....I went to the bathroom and had extremely severe WATERY diarrhea I was on the toilet with this for 3 hours!!!! I 'm now lying in bed with stomach pain I honestly think I might just stop taking it and hope the infection does away and use my inhaler....the pain is horrific !!!!!! '
Experiencing my first YI and for the past three days, I didn 't do anything about it. Today I went to the doctor and I was given the pill for it but I also went and bought the Monistat 7-Day. This thing is painful. It 's burning like crazy and I have to keep my legs shut to subdue the pain. I have no idea how I 'm going to fall asleep but if this thing works, I 'll be dedicated to it. Definitely worse than the infection itself.
I have been taking this medicine for several months now and I have noticed some things that have occurred which is making me very  scared because it is messing with my body in a very bad way! The first thing that started was the headaches then the rest started showing up daily like depression , nausea , stomach aches, swelling  of my legs, feet, ankles, hands it 's like  I 'm  retaining  fluid  all over my body, blurred vision, nose bleeds! I haven 't read  up on the side effects  yet but I 'm sure I 'm not going  to be surprised if it 's  on the list.I  didn 't  have these side effects when I was taking Morphine without the extra ingredient like the Ebedea has and now my Insurance will only pay for this medication and it cost $1300 a month!!
It burns at first but after the first night I didn 't have any problems except like uncomfortable at certain times after urinating.
While it works fine it is so expensive, over $140.00 before insurance.  Insurance only took $30.00 off this cost.
Y 'ALL. This is only my 5th day on Epiduo Forte, so I don 't have much insight on the medicine 's effectiveness... BUT I have the cure for the burning sensation the product leaves!I got off work tonight &amp; immediately washed my face. I use a Clearasil scrub daily, and that irritated my skin horribly! I then applied the Epiduo &amp; my skin began to burn! I do not have sensitive skin whatsoever so I was unsure what to do. My initial thought was to apply moisturizer, which made it worse! I figured I 'd let the pain pass... it didn 't!After an hour it finally hit me- VITAMIN E! I use this under my eyes to prevent wrinkles and thought it might help. I specifically used Sundown Vitamin E Oil, and just applied a thin layer to my face. It worked wonders!
I started taking Elavil at the onset of my Fibromyalgia in 1997, had great sleep and was able to continue my work and study without pain.  In early 2010 I read the side effects of the medicine and recognized what was happening to me.  I had been falling for no reason, broke an ankle, lumbar vertebrate, thumb and many bruises.  I had dry mouth so bad could hardly talk, could not remember my words I wanted to say, and lost all sex drive.  I slowly removed myself off of the Elavil with the help of my doctor.  I have had lots of pain since February 2010 and cannot find a medicine to help me with my sleep and pain, but I will not use Elavil again.  I have not fallen, lost my memory or had any other side effects of this medicine since.
When I first started the medication it did not affect me the first two days and then I started having anxiety, nervousness, depressed,  tiredness my stomach felt weird  and I just didn 't feel like myself.     I had upper  respiratory infection which is better. I have one more pill to take tonight but I am skipping it because I have had such a bad day..   I was on the 875 mg for seven days twice a day...  I will ask the doctor for something else next time..  From what I 'm reading I think it is the Clav ingredient  and I also spoke to the pharmacist and he said that that gives it an extra kick to kill the infection.   So this is a super strong antibiotic  and has side effects that I 've never experienced before with an antibiotic...
The first time they gave me Flagyl in 4 pills to take all at the same time. It worked great and I cleared up. The second I was given the same 4 pill dosage and the symptoms cleared up for about a week until I got my period, then the discharge, smell and itching came back with a vengeance.  So back to the doctor I went and this time they gave me Tindamax.
I was put on Natazia by my Ob about a month ago to stop the growth of my ovarian cyst, heavy periods, &amp; cramping. I did notice I was a bit moody, but it shrank one cyst to half it size. I lost 10lbs in the first month. It lightened my cycle the first four days, but it 's day 10 with no end in sight. I decided to stay on it for my cyst though.
I originally had implanon years ago when it came out. I LOVED IT! it was great. never gained a pound, never went through any side effects and never got pregnant. When the 3 years was up, I had it removed and went on the pill because they didn 't offer implanon anymore for whatever reason. In December, I had nexplanon placed. Thinking because I did so well with implanon (after my Dr told me they were exactly alike). Wrong. Between horrible weight gain, fatigue and mood swings, I 'm so done. made an appt to have it taken out. CANNOT WAIT!
Since this is a common side effect I am going to ask my provider about it. I am experiencing a lot of breast tenderness. It started pretty much after being on this one or two days. I am a week in and it 's rather painful. They feel somewhat swollen.
I am currently on day 2 of macrobid, 2x daily for 5 days. Pharmacist was sure to emphasize to take macrobid with food to prevent nausea. So far, I have no nausea, but have developed a terrible headache. I must say, that pain of the UTI was gone within two hours of taking my first dose, which is worth it to me. So I 'll be sticking this one out and hope the headache doesn 't worsen.
I 've had no mood swings, no weight gain, no acne. It has certainly prevented pregnancy. However, I have had a full period lasting more than 7 days every other week for the past 6 months. I spend almost half my month bleeding. I don 't get cramps but my periods are heavier than before. It 's getting to the point where I 'm thinking about getting it taken out.
I am 65 and have been on Femara for 2 years. Side effects quite severe. Joint pain, lost libido, dry vagina. However it is what it is and we must continue to take. So, I decided to fight the effect, dry vagina improved with a non hormonal lubricant. For joint pain, fish oil, magnesium, zinc and calcium twice a day, big improvement. Also each morning no matter how stiff you are, go walking, it warms up the joints and gets you going for the rest of the day. I also do weights 3 times a week to increase muscle to protect bones.  All have made big a difference. No weight gain. Vitamins have certainly helped keep hair and skin in good condition. Three more years of it so it 's best to just keep trying to counteract the negative effects.
Took indomethacin and in about 1 1/2 days pain was has gone down tremendously, first time with gout. BUt had the runs and stomach cramps.
Hello you guys. Shortly after giving birth to my last child in October, I had liletta placed in December 2016. It was a bit painful , but mine was inserted while on my cycle. I felt cramps as my doctors deployed the liletta but only for a few minutes. After I left the doctor, I went to pump gas and went home . When I got home, my cycle was completely off. It stayed that way until day 5 and then it was like a crime scene. I bled consistently for 2 months and my body adjusted. Even after my body accepted it I still felt cramps when I worked, cleaned , or sat down. Today, June 23,2017, I got it removed because for the past couple of weeks I 've been dealing with unbearable pain! Cramps none stop but It did prevent pregnancy.
This is my 2nd week on Contrave and I have lost 13lbs it is AWESOME I feel fantastic only side effect that I having is insomnia...
I would say sprintec has pros and cons similar to what I have read in other reviews. My periods are much lighter, typically on time and I 'm not pregnant 
I had what I thought was going to be a normal period, (my periods have always been heavy), until it just never stopped. It got so bad I had palm size clots and bleeding so bad I had to use cut up towels with three pads. I made a trip to the ER, all blood work was normal. I already was taking 135mg of iron and vitamin c, so I wasn 't anemic even though I was bleeding so bad. They sent me home with a prescription of Provera 10mg once a day. It slowed the bleeding down but never stopped it completely. Was referred  to an endocrinologist, I 'm due to have a ultrasound to check for fibroids, but have to have a endometrial biopsy. I was still on provera way past the 10 days it caused shortness of breath and bad weight gain. I had to stop it.
I have had the implant since February of this year. Despite the decent prevention, it has hindered my sex drive greatly. I have also gained weight. I was never able to do that before on any type of bc. I went from 163 to 189 pounds. This actually bothers me.  Since I didn 't change anything in what I do or eat. If I keep gaining like this I may have it removed at the one year.
I was prescribed Amox-Clav 875 for strep throat. After three doses of the medication, I became extremely nauseous and threw up everything in my stomach. I became exhausted and slept for multiple hours. I developed a terrible headache and my nausea continued. I contacted my doctor to explain my conditions and he prescribed an anti nausea medication and a different antibiotic. While Amox-Clav was effective in helping my strep throat symptoms in only 3 doses, it rendered me incapable of doing anything. I was not comfortable continuing the medication.
Injection site sore for weeks. If in belly, get it beyond belt line. If in underarm, get injections 2 in apart. Day 1, little effect, day 3 start of weakness, day 5 make sure couch fits. 3 days after last injection, start of recovery. Day 5, 2 pints of blood does wonders, day 14 after injection, just hanging on. Maybe another blood pint to help, Day 1, oh gosh here we go again. no vomiting, just strength crashing.
My husband has only been taking Pentasa for a few days, but he has had terrible side effects since day one.  His Crohn 's had become progressively worse over the years so his GI doctor prescribed Pentasa. He has chest pains, headaches, severe nausea and vomiting as well as loss of appetite.  I saw that one person had to lower his dose after 3 weeks, and I wonder if that was due to his experience of these effects also.  I know Pentasa has great potential, but how long will these effects last?
Enjuvia helped me with my sudden menopausal symptoms after I had to have a hysterectomy at 47 but I have gained a tremendous amount of weight on it. (60 lbs, at least).  I don 't know for sure that it was the Enjuvia, but I was slim before I started taking it and now am obese.  I ran out of it recently and noticed that I immediately started to lose weight, without even trying.  I will update my review when I have been off of it longer.  I have been at my wits end trying to lose weight, so hopefully this will help.
I 've been on this pill for about 3 months now and I am really considering changing it. I have a really weird period side effect where it changes the color of my period &amp; it makes it come early or late &amp; it always makes me scared that I 'm pregnant. Plus I can never loose weight being on this pill. Lastly, the pill makes me very moody as well. I am going to talk to my doctor about it at the end of the month.
I have been taking Victoza for about 5 weeks. My sugar is stable. I do not have the big drops and hunger attacks. One reading was 110, but most have been 150. I am praying for it to become stable at 100-120. Some have experienced weight loss. I have not measured it; yet, I seem to noticed taking a belt loop tighter.
I have been using rogaine for almost a year now for my stress related hair loss and it took a while to get any results. I didn 't see much until the fourth month and at that time it was little fuzzy baby hairs along the hairline. Now at 11 months my hair has grown about an inch. It 's a slow process but you will see results.  My problem is the price. Its cheaper to get it at the store then online, but you have to be vigilant and look around for the lowest price (time consuming) 
I usually had no problem with my period. Came every month for about 3 or 4 days max. Until this last month I had abnormal heavy bleeding, changing pads every hour. My doctor started me on progesterone despite the fact that I 'm allergic to it. Insertion was very painful since my cervix is small and never had kids so insertion was painful and the lidocaine made my heart beat fast. I had really bad cramping after the procedure and still in pain. We will see if this helps me. 
My permanently blocked and stuffed up nose cleared within about 3 days of starting this medication, it was fantastic until about two days later when I began to suffer some serious side effects; hives, conjunctivitis in one eye and flu-like aches and pains.  I felt so awful I quit taking the medication that day.  Now I 'm too scared to try it again!  If it hadn 't have been for the side effects I would 've given 10/10.
I started taking this medication since I was 18 years old on and off. Let me put it in simple terms it is highly addictive. Yes it cured my anxiety but temporary only as long as I was on it. Miss a day and you want to crwal out of your own skin. The withdrawls are horrendous. Xanax just masks the problem. As soon as I got back on it my brain just wants it and thats all I think about. Valarian root is healthier and natural think twice before taking Xanax. Go for natural products if you can.
I was prescribed Augmentin 875 mg every 12 hours 2 days ago . Today ( after 4 tabs) I began to have diarrhea and stomach aches . I was prescribed this drug because my indoor cat got loose outdoors and scared and scratched my hand and bit me. I am a senior lady who has had a blocked intestine before and after surgery got C Dif and am afraid to continue this drug as I may have a re occurrence. I 'm stopping the dosage tonight and will see the MD tomorrow.I want off this drug! Oh, the reason I had C Dif was because I got Salmonella in the hospital and was given so much IV antibiotics.
I had bariatric surgery about 12 years ago. Was 378 Lost 100 lbs but am still considered super morbidly obese. I underwent a revision to tighten the stoma and lost 30 lbs but gained back 10.At 285 I Started taking Contrave on August 30, 2016. One pill in the morning. Felt a little nausea and dizziness. Helped to eat a little something. I have not felt as hungry as I usually do if that is really hunger. I document what I am eating because although I am eating less food I may not be eating the best food. I also need to pick up my water intake. This pill is meant to take away the cravings for food. It will work only if you are on a solid eating plan and exercise.  It is expensive but will help you while you are making a lifestyle change.
I 've had Nexplanon for two years now. Insertion was easy. I noticed some queasiness for a few months after, but anti-nausea wristbands helped. Other than that the first year was fine. I had occasional periods which lasted about as long as usual. My sex drive decreased, but not too badly. The second year, I 've had two two-week long periods. My acne has returned. My sex drive has decreased to zero. Worst of all, I have pretty bad depression. I 'm easily irritatable and will freak out over small things. I 've never had depression before. I thought it was culture shock (I live in Japan) until I read an article linking birth control with depression. Now I 'm pretty sure it 's that. If I could, I would get it out to see if my depression lessens.
I just started on this new drug. I am very nervous about the side effects as many are listed .... But I 've tried so many different medications I have to give this one a try!! I was taking Prisiq but had a reaction from the sun ( even with sunscreen ) so took myself off. I enjoy sitting in the sun and was on vacation. On my second day of taking Fetzima no side effects other than my heart feels like it 's pounding a bit but nothing that bothers me too much. I really hope this medication works for me. Stay tuned!!
I 've never taken birth control before , I was always scared too. I 'm not sure how I feel about my experience with this. I 'm on my last 3 pills before the Brown ones , and this week I 've started experiencing light bleeding. Also this week I have started to experience depression for lack of better words. I 've never really been an emotional person , but this pill has made me super emotional , I literally have cried at the drop of a dime this entire week. I wasn 't sure if it was just the things going on in my life or if it was this but after I 've read the reviews I 've narrowed it down to it being this. I haven 't experienced any weight gain though I think. I haven 't weighted myself , but my boyfriend has told me that I 'm looking smaller now ..
7 injections approximately monthly intervals.8 injection scheduled but not given as edema gone, however, left my eye with dead cone cells.Vision worse than before injections.
I 've been on Lyza for one year. I just turned 41 and have no children. I was previously on Camrese and loved it-felt happy, confident and like my normal self but had to switch due to new smoking habit. Pros: I have not gotten pregnant. Cons: horrible mood swings, more acne than ever and I 've always had great skin-this has made me more self-conscious than ever, lowered libido, I 'm mean and nasty to my boyfriend for no reason and it seems uncontrollable. I have gained 30+ lbs but I also started methadone treatment around the same time so that could be the culprit. Perhaps my hormones but I stopped taking Lyza two days ago and will see doc soon to discuss options.
Today was my first day on Viberzi. I was prescribed two 100mg pills a day. So far it has been okay. I decided to be risky and really test it and have an iced coffee and Taco Bell. Usually I would be headed straight to the bathroom before I even finished my meal. Instead, I had all of the feelings (rumbling, little gas, bloating, little tightness in my stomach area) but did not make a bowel movement. Props to that. I don 't know if this means I 'll be stopped up for a couple days like other users have said. I guess it 's better than using the bathroom every 10 minutes. My only problem is I smoked some hookah and it really messed with me. I felt completely drunk/high, but that 's my fault for doing that.
Just started.  Feels geeky and doesn 't last long.  Need clorazepate and propanolol to calm down. Definite crash. But reduces fear and sleepiness and increases confidence and heart rate.  10 mg IR. Not sure will continue, nurse practitioner said call after 30 days.
I started this medication 5 days ago. I get so hot burning hot and very sweaty.  My anxiety level has increased bringing me to the ER  twice in one week. My appetite has increased.  However,  I  am a lot happier everything is so clear , everyone notices the difference in me. I have become confident AGAIN the first time in 15 years... I hate to discontinue .....
I was diagnosed years ago with PCOS .This year I was having some issues with night sweats headaches and nausea and asked my OB/Gyn to check my hormones.  To my surprise I have a hormone imbalance my FSH and LH  levels were backwards.  Treatment is to go back on birth control pills . She prescribed me blisovi- I hadn 't heard of these but I am taking them.  At first I head a mild headache  that went away after the first week of pills.  My only complaint is since I started this first pill pack  I have bleed the whole month and almost done with my nonactive pills. My doc says this is normal the first 3 pill packs and should stop on the 4th pill pack..she says my body is adjusting to hormones.  I 'm hoping that is all it is.
Was put on Lyrica for recurring hip pain (&amp; lower back pain). By one month I was on 2x75mg morning &amp; night. Greatly reduced the pain, but I felt like I was constantly forgetful &amp; would have brain fogs constantly. Have gained just a little weight, but can 't do much with my hip anyway. The one thing that has made my Dr decrease the dose back to one a night very quickly, was I became depressive. Unfortunately, would prefer to deal with the pain &amp; find something else, than feel that way. It is effective for pain relief (I found), but unfortunately I suffered some of the bad side effects.
I used Adoxa for half a year and experienced no increase or decrease in my acne. There were no side effects either. It wasn 't a negative experience, but it didn 't help me personally. Hopefully others have better luck with this product.
I have suffered from incredibly heavy periods since having my two kids (I 'm 38). After having the Mirena inserted (which hurt, but was quick and no worse than a labour pain) I spotted for approx 3 months. During this time, I also experienced some depression, drop in sex drive (which my dr. insisted is not related), breast tenderness and subtle weight gain. Its now been 5 months. I 've decided to have it removed. The spotting has stopped, aside from after sex-not so sexy; I am having fairly regular cramping which I can only liken to the feeling of an ovarian cyst. I 've never carried weight around my middle; I 'm a very active runner with a healthy diet but I swear this thing has given me a very doughy tummy.   I just want it gone.
Omg it tastes vile. I 'm struggling to get through the first litre. I 'm not looking forward to the aftermath or taking the 2nd litre. I 'm just looking forward to eating after my colonoscopy tomorrow. I 'm so hungry.. .
I 'm taking oral Linezolid, 600 mg.  Dosage is every 12 hours.  I 'm in a rehab center for an amputation below the knee.  I 'm 61 year old male with type 2 diabetes.  At first I felt nothing, but now into my 13th day, I feel nauseous at times,  loss of appetite, and tired/sleepy.  I also feel weaker than before and harder to do my physical therapy.  I can 't wait for my 14 day period to end.
I have had the Nexplanon in for about 2 1/2 years and I could go months without my period which I loved but when I get it it will last for weeks and I will have bad cramps and PMS. Also even when I 'm not on my period I will be moody and emotional. My sex drive is completely gone, which is a huge problem because I 'm 19 and in a relationship so it sucks and almost makes me want to get it out early.. But it 's just so convenient to have, you don 't have to worry about taking anything or using anything to have sex. I would recommend it because it affects everyone differently but I may not get a new one in just because of some of the side affects for me.
I was on tricyclen for 1 year and it was a definite 10 for the time being, no babies... However, around the 10th month I started to feel like Something wasn 't right.. I was getting harsh pains in my arms and legs daily, Id get stabbing chest pains and sometimes weird feelings and sometimes stabbing, excruciating pains in my uterus.. Not to mention the intense mood swings and random crying and anger all the time.. My head always felt like it had pressure in it, or like someone was stabbing my brain with an ice pick. If you don 't want a baby, this is the Birth Control for you, however be aware of the f 'd up side effects! I quit taking it 2 weeks ago and feel almost back to normal but still haven 't seen a doctor
I was put on this medicine very aggressively (200mg, quickly upped to 400mg) after a suicide attempt. As an antidepressant it is more effective than the first line medications like citalopram. And will help with sleep and a lack of hunger. However I absolutely hate the side effects.It is often said that antipsychotics &quot;steal your soul&quot; or act like a &quot;mental prison&quot;. I would have to agree. To begin with this was fine, with severe depression I was happy to take any way out. However after about 6 months of this I decided enough was enough.Now I 'm off it my personality is back.
Update: I have been on this for a little over a month, 10mg for the past 3 weeks, 5mg 2 weeks before that. I am still getting extremely nauseous when I take it, burping and stomach upset/pain as well. Taking it at night did help with these symptoms but then I noticed I couldn 't sleep so I try to take it before lunch. I haven 't noticed much of a difference in my symptoms. I still feel down and have a hard time getting excited about anything. I really just want to stay in bed. I 've recently started noticing I 'm hungry all the time.
I gave it a rating of 5 for its effectiveness in preventing pregnancy. I only do withdrawal method with this. But the side effects are so awful. Possibly the worst I 've had with any brand. It is quite potent  I 'd tell you that. I get a lot of headaches, nausea and stomach discomforts for a week into starting a new pack, decreased libido, and in the beginning I 'm quite dry which is uhm, have never been an issue for me, I get so moody, stress is harder to deal with, I get anxiety attacks, I get so easily fatigued, and the combination of these 2 I just get so unmotivated into doing daily activities. It 's pretty bad. I 'm changing brands on my next cycle. Maybe a milder combination OCP.
It 's been 2 weeks now. My skin is much smoother, not so dry and not so itchy. I 'm optimistic.
I had the implant in for 7 months and took it out because of the side effects, I might as well have been pregnant with the way it made me feel. I was so hormonal and had constant headaches and I gained 27 lbs WITHOUT a diet change, I tried exercising more than normal and I continued to gain weight. I do not recommend it. I could feel a burning sensation all the way down my arm and up into my chest. There was just so much stuff happening that no one warned me about!
I use the 20 patch for fibromyalgia and arthritis. I now use less of my other pain medicine. Overall I am very pleased with this product.
I 'm 18 and got this for heavy bleeding. I 've always heard that bc makes you gain weight but was NOT expecting what I go. I gained 20 lbs. from just one shot. Sent from my usual 135 to 155. Made me nauseated after I ate anything. Had to buy a whole new wardrobe because I couldn 't fit anything. And my sex drive! Omg I felt like a 90 yr old women because I was as dry as a desert and couldn 't get wet no matter what. It was awful. I really really don 't suggest this. I would much rather have cramps that make me throw up rather than take this shot ever again
Effective in lowing blood pressure, but gave me a terrible dry cough so had to change to another medicine.
I have Obssessive Compulsive Personality Disorder, Anxiety, Anger.  I Came off 8 years of venlafaxine with a week of headaches, increased fluid loss, dehydration and difficulty concentrating.  1st day of fluoxetine seemed at first to be similar to past week.  After 5 hours, my mind started to feel a little dizzy with accompanying nausea.  By evening, nausea heightened and appetite decreased.  Next day, within 1 hour, I felt the full effects:  vertigo, metallic taste/smell, nausea, alertness, and heart flutter.  Within 5 hours, I could no longer remain at a workstation, feeling very dizzy.  GP ordered rest, I went home and laid up.  The second evening/night:  difficulty falling asleep, violent dreams, electrical pulses in brain, anxiety.  Third morning: extreme tiredness, brain pulses continuing, vertigo.
I used 2 of the Salonpas with Lidocaine patches for muscle pain in my shoulder and neck area.  Started getting a rash after the second application.  The rash is in the shape of the patch, very itchy and bumpy and looks like it could blister.
I have used this medication for almost a year now. After about 6 months of use the medication began to not work as well as it once did. I want to caution anyone taking this medication to be very careful about changing the patches EXACTLY when you are supposed to. I was about 8 hours late changing my patch then put it on and got into my car to go to my destination. After driving about 25 minutes on an interstate I had to pull over and began violently throwing up. This vomiting lasted until I reached my destination which took about 2 hours due to the constant pulling over to vomit. Once I could remain still and not move the vomiting stopped but the nausea did not stop until 4 hours after taking the medication. 
I HAD MY MIRENA PLACED 2 DAYS AGO. I HAD VERY MILD SPOTTING THAT STARTED ABOUT 4 HOURS AFTER I GOT IT DONE AND ONLY LASTED 10 MINUTES OR EVEN LESS. I HAVE CRAMPS LIKE YOU WOULD A NORMAL PERIOD. I 'M 27 YEARS OLD AND HAVE A 14 MONTH OLD DAUGHTER. WE WANT TO WAIT TO HAVE ANOTHER ONE UNTIL SHE IS POTTY TRAINED. I GOT THIS BECAUSE I GOT PREGNANT WITH HER WHILE I WAS TAKING THE PILL. WHEN THEY PUT MY MIRENA IN IT DID MAKE MY EYES WATER A LITTLE BIT BUT THEN IT WAS DONE ...AND I FELT GREAT AFTERWARD. I 'm HAPPY I DIDN 'T NEED TO WORRY ANYMORE. HOPE THIS HELPS EASE THE STRESS.
I have been on depo for over a year now. My positives would be no period, easy and that 's about it. However I will no longer be receiving this birth control. Did you know that this same drug is used as a &quot;chemical castration&quot; for male sex offenders. They give it to them to drastically decrease their sex drive. Makes you wonder what it does to women. For me it has done just that. I started receiving the shot right before my husband and I got married and I didn 't even want to have sex on our honeymoon . It has seriously affected our relationship and that is why I do not want to continue the shot.
I tested positive for H. Pylori bacteria causing a stomach ulcer. Day one on this stuff was brutal. I was in so much pain/ nausea that I got sent home from work and scheduled an appointment with a GI Dr. Today is much better, but I need to constantly have something easy in my stomach to not feel sick. I immediately got the metallic taste on my mouth and get a bit cotton-mouthy at night. Otherwise, no other major side effects.
I just started taking Meridia 4/16/2010 and I 've lost 2lbs. My  starting weight was 190lbs, appetite and energy has improved. 
When I first got this put in my arm in 2015 I was very happy with it. I didn 't have my period for 3-5 months which was awesome because I normally had horrible periods. After the first year I started having complications. I was on my period for 5-7 month straight... I called my doctor and she said that that was normal. I still kept it because I didn 't want to go through the hassle of having it removed after over a year of having it. I also started breaking out badly and gaining weight fast. Before I had the birth control I had clear and an even skin tone and was 125 lbs and after a little over a year I had gained 20 lbs and had horrible acne that would not go away no matter what I did. The side effects are not worth it.
There are certain things I really enjoy about this pill, it makes my periods very light and tolerable. Off of birth control, my periods are accompanied by horrible cramps and I would bleed heavily for 5 days. On the pill, I rarely experience a cramp and my bleeding is light for about 2 Days. I have noticed I have a been a bit more emotional and fatigued around the time of my period but it 's not to a level I can 't handle. There is one very bad side effect for me. I 'm not completely sure if it 's the pill, so I plan to get it checked out by a doctor. Ever since I started to take this brand of birth control I 've had vaginal dryness. I believe this is causing my vagina to tear and bleed during sex.
I 've been taking Hydrochlorothiazide for six months.   I started out taking it with breakfast, but noticed it makes me a little sleepy and droopy.  I switched to taking it at bedtime, and noticed I slept better.  However, when I told my doctor this, he told me to take it in the morning because it will make you excrete excess fluid.  I switched back, and have the same results.   I 've noticed only a slight drop in my blood pressure. That might be because I 'm struggling to eat a healthy diet.  I have good days and bad days.
I was addicted to pain killers for four years. I got on Methadone, although it helped I ended up starting using cocaine. I was on Methadone for 7 years. I went from 80mgs. down to 1mg. I thought my withdrawals would be slight, but they were really bad. I relapsed about a week after getting off methadone. I now am on Suboxone and have no cravings for any drug. I am in the processes of weening off. I definitely recommend Suboxone over methadone for someone who is trying to decide what route to take.
I have been taking Buspar 10mg 3 times a day for the past 3 months for anxiety and panic attacks. I think for the most part my panic attacks have subsided but still experience a bit of anxiety and increased blood pressure. I do take Xanax 0.25mg from time to time if my anxiety gets too bad or too stressed. I do notice I feel slightly lethargic and run down most of the time while I have been on this. Also after each dose I get some dizziness about 45 minutes afterwards which lasts for about 45 minutes or an hour. I used to have a spark to me before taking it, but I guess I 'll take the good with the bad for the time being.
It does what it 's supposed to, at least for me it did. I 'm prescribed to take 10 days of 100mg Provera every night before bed every 60 days (or every two months I don 't have a cycle). It makes me feel awful though. The first month I was prescribed Provera I took all 10 pills. I 'm on the smaller side and I really think 100mg is just too much for my body. I have horrific constipation &amp; gas after about 2 days on it, absolutely zero energy, and my face tends to breakout (only 1-2 small, it 's always clear otherwise), it also makes me starving 24/7.  It works though.
This medicine works pretty well, but in gel form it is messy and takes a long time to dry. 
I had nexplanon implanted April 2015. I bled for about a month and have not had a period since. I had some acne before the implant but now it 's become worse. I 've tried new face wash and treatments and nothing is working. I also gained weight even with going to the gym everyday. I guess you have to give and take so depends on if you can handle some weight and acne for no periods.
I have just taken my 2nd dose see no diffrence yet but slept better last night! I have been on three diffrent antibiotics in the last 3 months and none of them worked for my sinuses but I hope this one does!
Doctor prescribed me this and I took one pill at around 9:30 pm, went to bed with gas but I felt fine - that was until I woke up at 2:30am vomiting and having severe diarrhea (I also felt shakiness, dizziness, weakness, shortness of breath, and a burning sensation in my anus)I didn 't actually get the chance to poop until 5 am which was exhausting. Never will I take this product again and I highly suggest everyone to do a much natural solution like eating prunes, consuming a lot of water and papaya smoothies, or drink 2 tablespoons of extra virgin olive oil, its much safer than this over the counter stuff.
It worked great for a month and then the restless legs syndrome came back worse than ever and kept up all night and into the day.
This medicine helped slightly with nausea and vomiting when many others failed.  It is worn on a patch behind the ear and changed every three days.  After 2 weeks I suddenly became allergic, probably from a build-up, and broke out in huge welts where the patch was placed.  I was then switched to the pill form, Scopace, with negative side effects after a period of time.
I 'm 20 and have had the Paragard IUD for almost 4 months. The first couple days after insertion were the worst. Although the procedure itself was quick and somewhat painless, bleeding and cramps were a serious issue over the following weeks. The cramps were painful to the point where it was debilitating but taking painkillers helped a lot. Between spotting and periods I was bleeding almost nonstop first few weeks. The IUD made my periods longer and heavier (went from 5 to 8 days) and I became extremely susceptible to bacterial vaginosis, which has recurred  continuously (and isvery costly to treat). Side effects (BV and bleeding) made me unable to have unprotected sex, which ruined the point of the birth control. Things do improve with time
Bipolar Disorder: This medicine has helped reduce my symptoms of anxiety, agitation, and impulsiveness.  But it does not help with depression symptoms in the long run.  It has caused my mood to go up and down, even though I 'm using other medicines to stabilize my mood.
My psychiatrist prescribed me Luvox 100mg that I 've been on for close to 2 months to help me deal with symptoms of stress and social anxiety.  I would say the medication works but the side effects aren 't worth me continuing it so I 'm going to see about something else that is proven to have less side effects.  Some of the side effects I was experiencing were difficulty staying asleep and waking up with night sweats, dry mouth, and sore throat.  I think Zoloft worked better for me.
I had paragard inserted in July 2016.  Iread reviews online &amp; expected the worst.  I took 3 aleve beforehand. During the procedure I had 3 intense cramps &amp; it was done.  I had a small amount of spotting that day, no cramping, felt fine the next day. My 1st period came with the paragard I had brown spotting a few day before it actually started, it was a little hard to tell when it actually started. Read online that many users had bloody masacres on their periods, mine was suprisingly light.   few weeks later I noticed foul fishy odor, went to my ob &amp; had BV (never had this before).  The next month I got BV again was told it was normal. Flash forward Dec 16, I had horrible stabbing pains, had an ultrasound, was told my IUD was falling out, so they took it out &amp; I was given plan b.
I have diagnosed with small bowel bacterial overgrowth.  I had eaten at a restaurant last September and had gotten very sick from the food, and have had stomach problems since then; bloating and constipation.  The GI prescribed me Linzess a few days ago. I took first one yesterday and a few hours later I had such horrible, severe diarrhea.  My stomach cramped most of the day and was pretty nauseated to where all I felt comfortable eating was toast and Cream of Wheat.   Just took my second one, will see if that was a one time effect or if it 'll happen again.  If it does, will not take any more as the diarrhea was so so severe that I 'd rather put up with the bloating and constipation than the severe diarrhea.
Okay so as with most reviews I 've read so far my experience with the liletta is very bad. I had my IUD placed Feb 19 2017 so currently on month 4 insertion was slightly painful and bled an extra week since it was placed on the last day of my period. Since  having it my period comes and last 17-20 days and will be heavy then if we have sex I begin spotting and have severe cramps even pain in certain areas. My dr ask me to at least give it 6 months for my body to adjust but at this point symptoms are not getting better at all so most likely going to have removed at month 6. This has been a major inconvenience and painful experience so far but on the plus side no pregnancy so far so at least its doing what its supposed to lmao
I 'm an addict and the first time I took it it did take away the withdrawal symptoms after about a few days into taking it (8mg 2 naloxone) tabs once a day it gave me severe headaches and sometimes made me feel sick. The pros to this medicine is it does keep the withdrawals at bay and is easier to withdraw from than methadone. Cons is the cost for me with no insurance is too high like 400.00 for a months supply! I know it works for some but not me! 5 out of 10.
13 INJECTIONS SO FAR, my blood work looks better on some of my visits.  I have allergy like symptoms continually which are nuisance, runny nose, itchy eyes, etc.  I am sitting here in pain, and fibromyalgia aggravates everything.  I wish something would make me feel better completely.
I live in Florida.  This gel worked very nicely for my tennis elbow, shoulder pain and lower back pain. However, I JUST had an &quot;ah ha&quot; moment as to the mysterious, very itchy rash I have developed. The application areas reacted in the intense heat. Last summer while gardening I developed a severe lower back rash which I  assumed was somehow sweat related. This year I developed the same painful, itchy rash on my right upper back (deltoid area and shoulder) down to my lower arm. Again, I thought it was from the heat and sweat. As I was applying it yesterday, I realized it was being applied directly on top of my rash. The ONLY  places I have my rash. It took me long enough!! However, I did NOT get this rash in the cooler temps.
Took literally 45 minutes to kick in when I have severe debilitating rheumatoid arthritis and I had a bad fall, went to ER gave me this while I went in for x-ray still no relief. Finally 45 mins I can feel my pain slightly go away.
I started Saxenda 3 weeks ago and up to the 1.6 dose. I am 6 feet tall and started at 294 lbs. I have lost 20lbs. The nausea is severe at times. I have to force myself to eat which I have never experienced. I hope the nausea improves but I do see the drug working.
I was on it for over a year. I never got pregnant which is a plus, but horrible side effects. I had yeast infections a least 3 times a month. Gained 30 pounds, headaches &amp; absolutely no sex drive. I switched to the patch, hope it works!
I 've been taking Camrese Lo for about a month now I haven 't had any serious side effects like nausea heartburn or abnormal bleeding. But I have been getting some acne which is actually very inconvenient being that I 'm going away in 2 days. These aren 't just little pimples you pop and have no worries but they 're sore pimples that give headaches. I don 't normally have pimples so this is a lot for me. Other than that it 's pretty okay just the acne is a complete blow.
I have been taking Apri for 2 years now. It has prevented pregnancy! That 's about it! Mood swings are horrible, appetite is horrible, no sex drive at all.
I 'm only 16 and I was prescribed it at 15 and told only to take it when my migraines were unbearable.  Every time I have taken it I usually get a really sick feeling, such as hot flashes, weakness, nausea, and dizzy.  There 's always like a feeling that my brain is being frozen over from where the migraine mostly is.  But I always take it and go straight to sleep except for last night.  I stayed up and I was seeing and hearing things that weren 't there, I couldn 't do simple tasks,  I forgot where my room was after my boyfriend told me to drink some water, I cried over everything, I was scared of everything. Staying awake for me was horrifying.
I started this a month ago and have had very little side effects. If I take it an hour late there 's some spotting and I 've lost 10 pounds (not that I 'm complaining)! Plus I 've gone from a D to DD. It 's a pretty effective pill! The only down side is the occasional headache.
I was diagnosed with pcos and endometriosis at 14, i had surgery to remove the cysts but I 'm now 19 and I still don 't get regular periods. I started metformin 3 weeks ago and am on 1500mg a day but no weight loss and no period yet. Side effects I have are loss of appetite and nausea which gets very bad especially at night and I 've broken out in spots. Really hope it works I 've tried everything..11/05/15 UPDATEOk so I 've been on metformin for over a month now. My side effects have calmed down now my appetite is still lacking but I 'm not as nauseas and my skin has calmed down although it 's very dry. I haven 't had a period since December 2014 and it 's still not come but I 'm still hoping it will soon. Also not lost any weight.
I love having only 4 periods a year, but it seems that every other 3 month cycle I having a lot of spotting.  And the menstrual cycle before last had extremely painful cramps. 
I am 15 years old and I was proscribed epiduo around October. I would have burning and redness so bad to were I could even sleep(putting a cold wet washcloth over your face will help) but after many days of not wanting to use it, I got the through it and my skin is flawless!
This is one of three new drugs I was put on recently: Zyprexa as a &quot;take when needed&quot; at the hospital along with Remeron &quot;as a sleep aid&quot; and Risperdal &quot;for psychotic moments&quot;. I was kept on Tegretol and Vistaril also. I have gained 15 pounds in two weeks. I am not sure if it 's the Zyprexa or the other two newbies (I know that they also cause weight gain). I do feel better but not good yet. The effect of having constant munchie-madness is annoying, as I know I am not really hungry but cannot stop. I do have eating disorders and this is dangerous. It 's bad enough to have to work on all these personality and mood issues, but now I have to monitor my food like I used to when I was fat.
I really liked this product at first.  Great for the redness. Lately when using it the eye I use this product in becomes enlarged, impairing my vision for most of the day. I do wear contacts and am on simvastatin (for cholesterol) so this could affect it.
Great for birth control. I switched from Tri-Sprintec because of spotting. I have been on Junel for about 8 months now but have noticed weight gain and depression. Getting off of it and hopefully switching to something else
I have been on this BC for 6 months, following severe scarring from cervical cancer treatment. Due to the scarring my period could not expel naturally so my fertility specialist suppressed my period completely by placing me on this 28 day cycle. I don 't bleed at all, however I missed one night and by morning I had severe cramping, which also comes w/my treatment so it may not have only been caused by the BC. My mood swings suck. At first I felt tired all the time and constantly felt down, so I try and work out every morning, which helps. But I definitely still have mood swings pretty regularly. Also, my boobs have been seriously sore the entire time I 've been on it.
I was in coma for 3 weeks. When i eventually got home i woke up on  the 3rd morning to total blindness in my left and only partial site in the other.After invasive investigation it was decided that it was a very rare fungal infection probably caused by acentral line. I had the majority of the infection removed but it left me with cataracts. During the course of all this i have been applying maxidex 2 drops every morning along with other eye drops. I think it has helped alot. I continue to apply it and am due to have the cataract removed in november. That means I 'll be able to see by Christmas all being well. I have the original surgeon to thank for my sight. He had been in the business 35 years and never seen the kind of infection.
I came here to post my experience over the years with Ambien and Ambien CR. They were bad for me. I had issues with memory, especially with my family having to remind me of what I said and did, even the morning after, really groggy, cloudy, fuzzy. Not good for raising kids.I was helped by sweetlemon on this website in her post here:I asked my doctor about Silenor and she gave me 3 milligram tablets. She had no samples but I figured I had already spent a fortune on Ambien so why not. Got 7 hours of sleep without a problem. I haven 't felt this good in a very very long time. Thank you all on this website. I can sleep now!
Diagnosed with Lyme after years of false negative testing for the disease. I was prescribed 200 mg of doxy daily. I tolerated it for about 18 days before I had an allergic reaction. Rash all over my body, headaches, blood red eye. I thought that I had pink eye again! Stopped the medicine and began a course of Amox after a week. Hope it works. I did experience extreme fatigue and additional Lyme symptoms after about 4 days on the medicine...from what I understand that is called a &quot;herk&quot; effect. Rash, itching and eyes cleared up within 3 days of ceasing the doxy and taking lots of benadryl.
I took Ambien for a couple of nights, great drug, really works, slept like a baby deeply. Felt drugged the next day but I 'm very sensitive to these feelings. Then I decided to not take it again, and had &quot;rebound insomnia&quot; the first night, that was last night. Today I feel very tired after getting maybe 1 or 2 hours of sleep last night. I 'm going to try everything I know to get a good nights sleep tonight. Usually I do not need any sleep aids at all. Only took it recently because my sleep got messed up after a travel and being in a difficult place to sleep.
Nardil only worked for me for about 6 months. At first my depression decreased substantially but gradually returned.
Saw a PA for sinus infection secondary to bronchitis and acute asthma. Prescribed Levaquin daily for 10 days.  After the 2nd day on it I noticed severe right shoulder pain and mild left shoulder pain.  I did not make the connection until day 7.  I called my pharmacist and was told to stop taking medication.  That was 6 days ago.  I now also have pain in my right bicep. I had just finished a course of steroids for my asthma which may have made me at increase risk for this side effect. Good news is my sinus infection is gone.  Public needs more info on side effects of medication.i
It says it takes 6-12 hours to kick in but it did not work for me until 17 hours. I huffed and I puffed and I blew that stuff out.
I 've been battling depression for quite a while now. It all started after a cancer diagnosis. I 'm currently a survivor but feel extremely depressed after my long time boyfriend left me. I feel extremely lonely without him and couldn 't cope with life. I would think about suicide day and night so I realized I needed help and decided to take Wellbutrin. Good thing is that it gave me lots of energy and was able to focus better but the downside was that I couldn 't sleep. I 'm looking for another medication now.
I started 5 days ago. The first 2 days I had dizziness and serious hunger pangs. I  felt like I was more hungry than ever. The side  affects are lessening..but not 100% gone. Sadly despite diet and exercise I have not lost 1 pound. I 'll see how things go for a full 2 weeks before stopping.
I have taken Pradaxa for a year now.  I 've had no side effects, and compared to Coumadin it 's great.  Taking Coumadin, I had to constantly adjust the dosage because I had only one protime in six months that showed the proper clinical result.  With Pradaxa, there is no need for the constant blood testing, no side effects for me, and no reason not to take it.
Hey ladies! So my (ex)boyfriend and I had sex yesterday and used absolutely NO protection. He did pre cum inside me, and he told me millions of times he didn 't ejaculate inside me. He pulled out on the right time, but I was still worried. Unfortunately I was ovulating a lot. Fast forward to today and my mother and I went to get an over the counter Plan B. I 'm crossing my fingers I 'm not pregnant. Next week I will find out with a test! 
I was on Qsymia to help me drop the last 30 pounds of weigh I was trying to loose but was having trouble.  It did control my hunger pangs but overall in the one month I took the medicine I only lost 8 pounds.  I continued my exercising and watching my calorie intake but for weight loss, it did not help me.  I actually had major depression and mood swings.  I was angry and short tempered.  I have been off the medicine now for 5 days and I am beginning to feel like myself again.  I personally would not recommend this medicine.  Increase your exercise and lower your calorie intake.  That worked for me when I lost my first 50 pounds which I have not gained back in over 2 years.  I just wish I could take off 30 more.
I have chronic insomnia, my doctor had me on 2mg of Xanax which worked great. When I switched Drs, they wouldn 't write prescriptions for Xanax. Put me on Restoril, didn 't work, now I 've been on 50mg Vistaril for several nights. It helps me sleep pretty well, but during the day I feel so out of it. I am so dizzy and light headed, even when I 'm sitting I feel like I 'm going to pass out! If this keeps up, I don 't think I 'll be able to continue this medication.
I took Yaz for 4 years and loved it up until about 6 months ago. Recently my breasts have been swollen and tender, I get headaches during my period and feel anxious.
Controlled blood pressure just fine. But the dizziness upon getting up was pretty bad. Had to urinate many times a day and during the night as well. 
Given magestrol 40 mg twice a day after Dand C.i started bleeding after 45 days of using it, weight gain, too much anger Also even hair a started falling out. Very bad experience with it. Doctor gives me progesterone 200 mg and still after taking it since 9 days bleeding is still on. I don 't know when will this stop but I have the progesterone for 14 days and then stop it and see what will happen !
I use it for feet neuropathy. First try was 600mg three times a day. Absolutely no effect or side-effect. A different doctor has me taking up to 1200mg within 6 hours as the neuropathy begins each afternoon and evening. This approach reduces the pain. Also works as a sleep aid.
I 've been on Microgestin for 3 weeks. I started taking it on the 1st day of my period and it make my (normally VERY regular period) last for 8 days (it usually lasts 4-5)! For the entire time I have been very moody, bloated, retaining water, have had cramps, nausea, acne, breakthrough bleeding, EVERYTHING. THE WHOLE TIME. I literally feel like I have been on my period for 3 weeks. I keep hoping that eventually my body will get used to these hormones. My doctor said it will take 1-3 months to regulate, but I don 't know if I want to live like I 'm on my period for 3 full months. 
I found it to be about as effective as Zyrtec, but it made me extremely drowsy. I tried only a half dose each time, and could barely get out of bed the next day. It works fairly well, but for me it 's not worth the side effects.
I have just taken my 2nd dose see no diffrence yet but slept better last night! I have been on three diffrent antibiotics in the last 3 months and none of them worked for my sinuses but I hope this one does!
I got the Implanon birth control because I didn 't want to worry about taking a pill everyday. It only hurt a little to have it put in, but really a few hours of pain for three years of peace of mind is a small price to pay.  I 've had Implanon for almost the full three years and here are my pros and cons.  The pros: I don 't have to remember to take a pill everyday, I can have sex anytime and not worry about pregnancy, I NEVER have cramps anymore, my periods are very light and only last a few days.  The cons: my sex drive has gone down to zero (which if you never want to have sex you 're not going to get pregnant) my periods only come every couple of months (there was a span of time where I actually went seven months without a period).
I started ParaGard about three months after giving birth to my second child.  I had it removed 14 months later.  Pros: 1) I didn 't have to remember to take it.  2) Didn 't change my mood or weight 3) Comforting that there weren 't any unnecessary hormones in my body 4) It was effective in preventing pregnancy.  Cons: 1) My periods lasted for THREE weeks on average (sometimes a little less, sometimes a little more).  -I was told it will get back to normal, give it a few months -After it didn 't, they refused to believe it was the IUD because it was copper/nonhormonal.  2) less sex with my husband because of the heaviness and length of my periods. -------- I had it removed and my periods were almost instantly back to normal (3-5 days).
I 've been taking the pill for about 26 days. It 's my first time taking birth control.  My doctor put me on it to help regulate my estrogen bursts before my period. So far I 've gained 3 pounds every 2 weeks, my face has exploded with acne, my hair seems to be falling out, I get mood swings, I get teary eyed over EVERYTHING, and I get horrible period like cramps. The only good part is, my period is much, much lighter. It lasts a little longer, but I don 't mind.
I have been taking Wellbutrin for 10 months.  I had 6 migraines in the first 10 days, but then the headaches stopped. I also had dry mouth for about a week when I started taking the 300 milligram tablet. After that, no side effects at all. Unfortunately, I have had no positive effects either. I feel as though I am taking a sugar pill. I am still dysthimic all the time and have had several depressive episodes lasting weeks since beginning this medication. I agreed to take it for a year, buy I don 't see any improvement at all.
I have no idea whether my symptoms are from the giardiasis or flagyl. I have constant headache, abdominal pain, nausea, can 't eat, major weight loss, and severe fatigue. I cannot work and am barely functioning. Whatever is causing this, I hope it goes away when I am done with this drug. I have never been so sick in my life.
I have taken oxybutin since Dec. 2016. Since then I have had little blisters on the side of my tongue and they hurt constantly.  My insurance will not cover any other bladder medication so they continue to give me this mediation. I KNOW that there are more medications out there but cannot get any thing else. My insurance is CareSource and they won 't  approve anything else.  My concern is I am suppose   I will lose my teeth???? what do you think?
My Dr. prescribed me Wellbutrin XL 2 months ago for depression and ADHD. It has truly helped with both. I began planning and cooking meals, exercising, and I have more motivation and I focus much better. However, I had to quit drinking coffee because the drug makes me feel anxious. I describe it as irrational/unreasonable. For example, one day I was in Wal-Mart with my toddlers and I felt like I was going to have a panic attack. I think I 'm going to give this drug another month and if the anxiety persists, I may ask to try something else.
I have taken Spiriva, more so in hot humid weather than in cooler weather, for 2 years and after 1 year did notice substantial difference in halos around lights especially driving at night, so much so, that I stopped driving at night.  Last eye exam in March of this year indicates I have cataracts.  I looked at full Spiriva Pharmaceutical description and in lab tests, this drug did cause cataracts in dogs.  So, now I am up for cataract surgery.  What does the FDA Protect?
Cialis gave me a strong erection and ejaculation, my wife also said satisfied, but then I suffer from muscular pain around my buttock (near hip joints) for few days now. I have a mild erectile dysfunction.
I have been taking Metoprolol 25mg once a day for 13 days. It has lowered my heart rate by about 30 beats a minute but I am always tired, get chest pain, headache and numbness. Little to no benefit in lowering my blood pressure (140/95 's).
I gave this medicine a 5 but not sure how fair I 'm being! I started out on the patch with limited results and then after a month I began the gel. So far the only good part about this is, the women love the smell! I have gained muscle mass but I 've been hitting the gym but there has been no change in my sex drive, it 's still very low! My appetite has not increased like I was hoping. It 's been a month on the gel now and I don 't know if it 's too soon to comment on this particular medication but if I see significant improvements I 'll be sure to up date.
The taste was not terrible, but I do not drink large volumes in such a short period of time.  I found the volume of water to be sickening. I had my first bowel movement within 15 minutes of drinking the mixture. I  am about 2 hours past my initial dose. I am nauseous and have severe chills.  I have been drinking ginger ale in hopes of calming my stomach.  I am not looking forward to the 2nd dose which I am supposed to take in 2 hours -- 4 hours past initial dose. I think I should have started earlier in the day; I don 't want to be up all night.
I started the pill 3 weeks ago. I 'm spotting almost every day and I am trying to take it in the morning at every same time between 0700-0900. But not consistent so I may have to change my timing. I have a few cramps but nothing compare to before. So hopefully things will get better as many explained here.
This is a very expensive eye drop and the company only puts enough in the bottle to get exactly 28 to 30 days. You can easily run out early. I 'm sure it wouldn 't bankrupt the company to put enough to get a full month out of it. Greedy I guess. I told my doctor to prescribe a different eye drop. I 'm happy now.
I switched to this pill because I switched pharmacies and the new one didn 't have my usual pills. After starting this my cramps became intense, my periods became so heavy and my libido decreased significantly but I haven 't gotten pregnant while using it. So I would say it 's very effective but the side effects are not cool
Only on day 1 and like everyone else experienced insane itching and discomfort upon application. Seriously thought about scraping it out with a Q-tip, but after a lil Google searching, found throwing an ice pack between my legs and lying down, SO MUCH BETTER! Honestly I figured I 'd suffer through it to get rid of the infection. But it 's so much more bearable when you ice your lady parts.
Mirena seemed like it would be a perfect birth control. However, I 've only had it for a little over a month and I 'm having terrible dreams and the last few days I have had shooting, sharp pains in my groin. I now also have a line from my lower abdomen to my pubic bone. I also can not find/feel my string. I have not had any issues with weight gain or serious acne. The insertion was uncomfortable and I spotted for 3 weeks.I 'm so worried it slipped out of place that I will have it removed when I go to the dr. I think this would be a great birth control had I felt confident it was in the right place. Oh also since placement I 've had no desire for sex.
I am currently taking Gianvi and not too happy with some of the side effects. I 've been on the pill for about 4-5 months and the main issue I have is for all of this month I have been spotting. I heard people tend to spot while on this pill and I am hoping it is just my body getting used to this pill. If this continues I will switch to another pill. I am not experiencing as many mood swings or migraines like some of the other people but I am noticing a slight change in my willingness to do things.
Flattening out the dosage peaks as these occurr with Ritalin is a pleasant experience, reducing fatigue and also the moments per day being confronted with a chronic condition. Most notable side effect was extreme agitation, forcing to quit the usage.
Been on/off topamax since I was 15, I 'm now 21. First time I took topamax at 15, I went frm 235lbs to 114lbs. Over time I got used to it &amp; couldn 't find something to help w/my binge eating disorder. I gained all the weight I lost &amp; more over a 5yr period of trying to lose it/find the right meds to help. 2012 17 y/o tried topamax &amp; had bad anxiety so that didn 't last long. 2015 20 y/o I weighed 248lbs, the biggest I 've been. Was on phentermine (diet pill, 37.5mg) for a few months but was starting to get used to it. Decided to try topamax again (50mg 2x a day) along w/vyvanse (ADHD/binge eating, 70mg) &amp; lexapro (depression, 20mg). Currently 160lbs. Always adjusting my meds though, I seem to get used to them quickly.
Took this for undiagnosed joint and abdominal pain. It helped a little, but even on the 20mcg, I still have a lot of breakthrough pain. Then I put a patch on two days ago. Woke up today with a horrible burning at the patch location. It was so bad, I had to remove it. The skin underneath was bright red and &quot;burnt&quot; looking. It was red both under the adhesive area and under the part where the medication is released. Not sure if I can keep using.
I took this BC for 4 months.  The first month was great.  My skin cleared up, I had no weight gain or other side effects.  By the end of the second month however I felt anxious and irritable.  My breasts were painfully tender and I had alot of discharge.  I stopped taking it by the end of the fourth month.
I was put on this pill because my obgyn believes I may be prone to polycystic ovaries and had very long, heavy periods. I had taken other birth controls in the past (yasmin and nuvaring - about 10 years ago). In my first month I 've experienced migraine-like headaches and almost daily nausea, which subsided during my hormone-free week. I take the period at night, but if I have to stay up for a significant amount of time after I take the pill, I have to deal with terrible headaches. My period was still long (about a week) but was much lighter than before. I 've read that the side effects may subside after a few months, so I 've chosen to stick with it for now. Gave it a 6 because other pills could have the same efficacy without the side effects
I got my first Y.I so I took moms advice and went to by monistat 7.. I gotta insert what? Where? Within 5 minutes I was so itchy.. No burning but I want to cry!!! I am currently laying with an ice pack between my legs 
I have been on a Belviq since 1/1/2015 and was not losing any weight. I went to my doctor on 1/31/2015 and she said I did lose 7lbs. I was shocked Because when we 'd weigh in at work weekly I wasn 't seeing high numbers. My doctor says slow and steady wins the race. I guess she is right! As of this Monday I am down from 182 to 171 and couldn 't be happier. Love the results.
Doctor recommended monistat 7 I inserted the medicine and 2 min later the itching and burning began. I wanted to cry , I laid in bed tossing and turning in pain . Went to wipe some of it off after 30 min. It 's my first night and I don 't think I can do the other 6 days. But reading the comments has got my mind off of it . It 's been 2 hrs and I 'm still itching and burning. No sleep for me tonight :(
I am 20 years old and have been on birth control pills since I was 16. Because I suffer from chronic migraines and an aura, I could no longer be on the pill and so my doctor recommend Skyla. He said it would be a little uncomfortable and mostly quick and painless. So I had Skyla placed on Friday and today is Monday. However, the insertion was extremely painful. I didn 't take anything prior to appointment as I see many other people did and I wasn 't numbed in any way. The procedure itself took around 7 minutes but afterwards I felt extremely light headed and almost passed out, so I had to lay down for quite a few minutes and vomited. The initial cramps were pretty bad 7/10 in pain but after about an hour they stopped. I have felt great since!
I took this medication for about 4 years. At first, no noticeable side effects. However, I have regularly experienced severe mood swings, panic attacks, swollen and painful feet, and incontinence for the past 2-3 years. I stopped taking Diovan and within two weeks the foot pain and incontinence went away. I am now on a new medication and I haven 't had any severe mood swings or panic attacks for the last two weeks. I am still adjusting to the new medicines (Cartia XT) and I feel a little light headed/dizzy. I didn 't realize that I was an emotional wreck, it came on slowly and my family just thought I was going crazy. I think it must have been the Diovan because I am fine now and feeling like my old, calm, reasonable, rational self.
I started using epiduo around 3 weeks ago. I got it from my doctor for my oily skin. The first week my skin did get better. The bumps on my forehead had vanished. The next two weeks had the opposite results. I read that its usually gets worse before it gets better so I am hoping that is the case for me. I am breaking out on my chin a lot and middle forehead a bit. Epiduo retrains the skin and is drawing out the gunk in the pore that has been sitting there for quite a while.
Prescribed Bactrim for boils on abdomen/legs. I was only able to take it for 3 days, due to the adverse reaction. The boils are much better (and I hope they don 't come back), but the back pain, abdominal pain, nausea and diarrhea were enough to make me stop taking it. Plus, I 'm not sure if this is a medicine of choice for anyone with ulcerative colitis, but now I 'm having a huge flare of that! 
I have been on Orthro Evra for 3 years. I love it. I have recently noticed some mood swings, and random break downs. I have snapped at customers and my husband. I never know where they come from or why, until one co-worker pointed out that it could be my birth control. I have a normal period. Every month I start on Wednesday, stop on Sunday. I love that I know when it 's coming every month! Thinking of switching to Seasonique for the lower periods due to endometerosis. I know it 's not good to be on one certain kind for a long period of time.
I have been on Roxicodone for almost three years due to my compression fractures and other chronic back pain. It worked very well in the first 6 months, but I then built a tolerance and cannot stay out of pain all day. Would recommend the extended release.
Started taking Lunesta when I was 15. The brand name works amazingly! Now that insurance doesn 't want to cover the brand without a fight,even if they cover I have a 100$ Co pay on it!! I 'm stuck with the generic and it 's not so great. Definitely doesn 't work as well plus the orange generic doesn 't work at all, I have to have the blue ones to get any type of sleep.
I have been on Apri for over a year now. I was on Yaz before this one and it made me absolutely crazy! This one didn 't seem to have much effect on me besides NO sex drive.... Enough where my husband and I argue about it at least a few times a week. I 'm only 20 and should want it more than NEVER... Thinking about switching birth controls now.
I had shingles for 3 months
So the drug works , I am 30 days smoke free . I only took zyban for 17 days and stoped taking it cuz I didn 't feel myself . Also I was having trouble sleeping .
Within 1 hour of first dose, I, like many others on this thread, had no ejaculate. None. It was pretty disconcerting to say the least. As far as the BPH goes, it worked. I just can 't justify taking something that ruins sex, no matter what the reason.
I first took Seroquel about five years ago. I liked it because it didn 't have the same side effects, such as feeling extremely anxious, as other anti psychotic medications have.  The problem that I had with it was that it gave me a huge appetite.  The medication alone caused me to gain weight.  Needless to say I no longer take it.
I 've tried many birth control pills, but they all caused severe mood swings and depression. I like the fact that this pill seemed at first to have little to no negative effect on my mood. (I 've been on it for 3 years). However, in the past year I began having severe anxiety attacks and was diagnosed with anxiety disorder after I began waking up in the mornings feeling faint and sick to my stomach, laying on the bathroom floor. I constantly feel exhausted and although active, have gained 20 pounds in the past year. I also noticed an increase in my acne the past two years. I think this is because of the birth control. I am switching to the copper iud next week and am so excited because it is hormone free! I hope this helps.
Suprep tastes like a nasty sour grape to me.. Yuck! I wanted to vomit when drinking it. BUT... My original prep was Trilyte. That, to give you an idea, was 4 liters (4000mL) that you had to drink. It made me very ill and I began vomiting. The endoscopy center said that Trilyte was all that my insurance covers but was able to find me a &quot;sample&quot; of Suprep. I still had troubles with it.. But it did not make me vomit.The troubles I had were: nausea, bloating, abdominal cramps and headache.The positive side is that it really does work! It really cleaned me out. Also, I managed to not vomit while taking it. Also it is half of the amount of Trilyte. There are 2 6 OZ bottles that you dilute with cool water along w/ 2 more 16oz waters each time.
Did a great job clearing the infection within days, however you have to drink water and eat before taking it. I had nausea and vomiting for hours after taking it when I didn 't have a full meal on my stomach.
Mitigates joint pain; bothers my stomach much less than aspirin or ibuprofen.
I used Sprintec to stop me from bleeding, as I was bleeding for almost a year with no explanation as to why. Doctor said it 's because of my weight, but of course I beg to differ. I started Sprintec almost a month ago, as soon as I began Sprintec I stopped bleeding, but I have not had a menstrual cycle yet. And it has made me break out really bad... Other than the break out I would recommend this birth control.
I started on 25mg for couple of weeks then went to 50mg. Started having more side effects such as bad headache that lasted for several days. Have kind of numb feeling, don 't want to go out and socialize much. 
On this medicine I do notice my moods are a lot more stable. But I feel my anxiety and depression is a lot worse.
DO NOT MISS A DOSE IF YOU TAKE THIS MEDICATION! I literally forgot to take one pill this afternoon of my Wellbutrin and now I feel absolutely MISERABLE. I have been crying for the past four hours nonstop, feel so much grief and self hatred, and am having suicidal thoughts. I 've never been this bad before and I attribute it to missing one pill. I 'm really scared of how missing just one pill has so much of an effect on me.
I 'm 22, and this is my first time on birth control. I 've been on Loestrin for 8 days now, and I 'm only taking it to prepare my body for when I get married in a few months, so I 'm not using it to prevent pregnancy at this moment. The first few days I was kind of shaky and dizzy, but the past 3 days, I 've felt nauseous and very tired. At this point, I 'm wondering if it 's worth it to feel bad on a daily basis? I 'm going to continue taking the pill, but I might switch to taking it at night, like some reviews have suggested. I 'm optimistic that the side effects will wear off after a month or two. I 'll try to post another review after I 've gone through a pack or two.
I have had mirena now for just over 6 months for adenomyosis and anaemia caused by heavy bleeding. I am 50 and hoping it gets me thru to menopause. I was offered this 15 years ago but kept saying no. But in the end pain and bleeding I gave in and thought I would try before a hysterectomy. I had put in under a general with a d &amp; c performed. Woke no pain at all a bit of spotting for about 6 weeks. Sore breasts first 2 months and mood swings. I have noticed a 1kg weight gain but that 's no much. I do tend to gain fluid each month in lower abdominal area when I think I am suppose to have a period. Libido has gone and struggling to orgasm too. Unsure if I like it or not not much other alternative out there. I also are having lots of constipation
Age 37, diagnosed with bad UC at 12, recent years only flares up 2-3 times/year. Currently fighting first bout of the year with pentasa suppositories, taking 1-2/day. Has stopped the bleeding and going less frequently BUT awful headaches (as with Asacol/Salofalk foam enemas). Note to self/others who are sick of drugs: I have found (25 yrs in) that it IS possible to be symptom free if you properly and consistently take care of yourself. This means plenty of rest/sleep, camomile tea/water, gentle exercise, meditation (mindfulness is a clich&eacute;/buzzword but there 's a lot to it), steamed veggies/rice, avoiding sugar/alcohol/dairy/caffeine (going gluten-free can help some people too) ... I intend to cure myself completely one of these days!!
After taking a new medication for 10 days with no problem, once I titrated my dose to twice what I 'd been taking, I ceased to poop. No poop other than a few &quot;rabbit turds&quot; here and there, for 6 days. On the 4th day of no poop, I took a dose of Miralax. On the 5th day, I took a dose in the AM and one in the PM, at bedtime. Same thing on the 6th day. Finally, I 'd had enough waiting. I did the Dulculax/Miralax Colon Cleanse for Colonoscopy that is listed on many medical facility websites. I chose one with 4 tablets of Dulculax, followed a few hrs later by 8.3oz (approximately 14 doses) of Miralax dissolved into 64oz of Gatorade. It took 6 hrs after taking the Dulculax/nearly 2.5 hrs in of drinking the drink, for it to finally kick in. Whew!
The product says you do not have to comb after use, but I did anyway.  Next day, tried to return my daughter to school, went to nurse, still nits.  That night, combed again...long blonde hair, strand by strand, under a magnifying light for 6 hours   Next day, tried to return my daughter to school, still nits (very few, but one is all she needed to keep her out of school)  I am not sure which of us burst into tears first...so frustrating.  I have not seen any live lice, so it worked in that sense, but do not believe the packaging that says combing not required.  By the way, I think I killed most of the lice prior to using this product by coating her hair with a mix of olive oil, coconut oil and tea tree conditioner.  This sucks!
I have mild asthma that occasionally worsens to be more moderate.  I 'm another person who has mood effects from taking Singular, and in addition, it 's affecting my ability to enjoy certain flavors.  It feels like an antihistamine, sort of, causing my mouth to feel dry, and I feel thirsty a lot.  I 'd live with that, but I am experiencing this weird agitation that 's quite uncomfortable.  I 'm very aware of it, and I 'm an adult, not a kid, so I probably won 't bite anybody 's head off.  However, I think it might not be worth it to me and I think I 'll stop it for a few days to compare how I feel then with what I 'm feeling now.
I 've been on Gianvi for about three months now. It 's been amazing for my period which was heavy, long, and always a miserable experience. I bled for a whole month when I first started taking it, but my doctor said that was normal...so I loved what it did for my period. What I did not love is that I am so hungry all the time on this pill, and although I haven 't gone too overboard with eating, I 've gained 10 pounds since starting the pill. It has done nothing to help my acne, it has made me lazy, and my mood swings are out of control...I 'll become a sobbing mess out of nowhere.
I had my IUD inserted at the family clinic. It was the worst pain I 've ever felt,  I almost threw up. When the Dr measures your cervix, thats the worst sharp cramps.  My Dr cut the strings inside of me and lost 1 of the cut strings.  Its been 3 days and I 'm still in a lot of pain.  It feels like sharp, stabbing cramps. I hope this goes away soon,  or I will have it removed.
I started taking this BC last year 11/2014 when I got the Mirena taken out due to bad acne. A few weeks after starting Tri-Previfem I started having hypoglycemic episodes after I run (~4miles ). Which continued after every run so I started taking supplements before and during my run to keep my blood sugar stable. Which helps partly and very annoying. But the last 2 months I had 2 hypoglycemic episodes in the morning without any physical activity. It 's now 8/2014 and I 've decided to stop taking them. Cons: hypoglycemia, stomach bloat during periodPros: no acne, regulated periods (precise day and round about time of day), minimal/no cramps.
While the medicine itself worked for my fibromyalgia the side effects made my decision to stop taking the medication.  I can 't continue to have these side effects so on to looking for another way to help the fibromyalgia.
I have had only two shots and have horrible mood swings, I 'm ALWAYS angry or upset at something and I 've lost all desire for sex putting a strain on my relationship. The only thing good I can say is not having to remember to take a pill.
Good out come with early presentation.
I 'm rating this drug bang in the middle because I do believe it will help some peopleI took 15mg twice a day only lasted 10 days because of the side effectsPros:Slept instantly every night just after takingSo much energy....this did become too much will explain in cons Lift in mood almost straight awayNo groggy feeling in the morning Cons:The munchies were INSANE I couldn 't stop eating sugary foods Increase appetite too extreme I became too  'high ' experienced shaking hands and severe twitching Feeling manic and hyperactive became too much So although at first it was a wonder drug for me it quickly became problematic with the side effects. I was prescribed mirtazapine for severe anxiety and depression
Fenefibrate caused slow increase in sr. creatinine from 1.1 to 2.1 ...and chronic renal failure like situation without any symptoms of CKD... however fully recovered the Sr. creatinine levels and normal kidney functions after stopping fenefibrate oral.
I dose injection yesterday.  Severe pain last night and today.  Nausea and chills
I was put on Loestrin because I have never had a normal period in my life. I would have light periods that would last for 3 weeks or so with only a week in between or occasionally very heavy periods with three weeks in between. I am 18 and this is my third month on the pill. I have had no mood swings or break through bleeding whatsoever and my periods are only three days, however, they are incredibly heavy. I am trying to figure out if a constant light period or a three day period where I consistently worry about bleeding everywhere is better.
I 've been on Adderall for about 4 years. I was having an extremely hard time focusing, extreme fatigue, general feeling of being lost and overly emotional and unstable. Adderall was an absolute miracle when I started on it. My trouble paying attention, loss of interest in life, constant sleepiness and emotional swings were gone. It made me genuinely happy and self confident for the first time in my life. 
I will not be continuing this medication, experiencing severe constipation and lower back pain and dry mouth.
I will never use this prep again. I had severe nausea and vomiting and ended up with a headache that was akin to a migraine x 3. I couldn 't really say if I got &quot;cleaned out&quot; enough because I did not even get to the point to where I could do the second bottle. I am on my way to the pharmacy to see what else I can take. My colonoscopy is on Monday. If there is no other prep that I can do then I am cancelling the whole thing.
This cream is good, however I am now getting stinging feeling around my face. This could be down to me using a cleanser beforehand.
Our daughter was diagnosed 7 yrs ago and is now10 . She has tonic clonic and partial seizures sometimes out to 15 in one day bless her . We 've tried epilim which was great for about 4 yrs  the they crept back up so we tried tegratol and lamotragine together. They didn 't work at all , so now she 's on keppra. After just 3 days she  had fits and was very happy girl . ( she has severe developmental delay) so it is hard to judge how she is feeling , but now she isn 't eating and seems very very aggressive, we don 't know what to do for the best?!?!?!?!
I was on 150mg of Trazodone for about a year and a half. My sleep was awesome. A little groggy in the morning, but I got used to that. Unfortunately, after a few months of starting the med, I began having all day severe dizziness. Didn 't think that it could be from the Trazodone and ended up seeing two neurologists trying to figure out what was happening. They couldn 't find a cause. Out of frustration I quit the Trazodone cold turkey to see if it could be the cause. Sure enough 
These pharmaceutical companies need to figure out ways to engineer better medications. I went on cymbalta for about 8 months after a long struggle with anxiety. I had mild depressive episodes as well, but it didn 't really bother me and mostly came as a result of having bad anxiety that I felt I couldn 't control. Cymbalta was great at first, I seemed to actually lose a little weight (didn 't need to but any girl likes to see that) and I had a great mood much of the time. However, I started noticing that it wasn 't doing anything for my actual anxiety. It started making me gain weight, I was too tired from the medicine to go the gym, and had a hard time even making it to the library to study (I 'm a college student).
I am a 57 year old female, had a massive ischemic stroke 11/2014 due to Atrial Fibrillation follow by a second stroke 3/2105. Had a Watchman Device implanted to prevent further strokes. My blood pressure is low to start and I have persistent atrial fibrillation and have not had normal sinus rhythm for over a year. I am on Rythmol for the second time, 325 twice a daily. It made me very dizzy, balance issues, tired in the afternoon but cant sleep at night. The atrial fibrillation has not gone away but I only skip a beat out of every ten or so, which is an improvement and the pauses seem to be shorter. The plan is cardiac conversion, if there is not a significant improvement then ablation. Runner 40+ years vegetarian, never smoked. Sucks :(
Where do I start? I first started with Implanon at age 19 and once removed, had Nexplanon replacing it. I am now 24. 25lbs heavier, have had major depression and suicidal tendencies since the beginning. Body pain, stomach issues, dizziness to the extent of having vertigo, etc. I bled for 6months at the beginning of having Implanon, but once replaced with Nexplanon, my body was use to it so I simply continued to not have a period. I have had gross, brown &quot;blood&quot; discharge in place of periods and some weeks have to wear panty liners constantly. It looks pretty gross. Anyways, I am getting this taken out in a few days and really hoping the depression lessens and I get my life back.
I have been taking Ultram for about 2 weeks now.  The pain is still there but not as sharp as it was.  The only side effects I have encountered is cold sweats and erectile dysfunction.  I have heard that this medication causes the erectile dysfunction but did not believe it until now.
I was prescribed this when I was having preterm labor contractions. They said it would help me relax and sleep and let my body calm down enough for the contractions to stop on their own. Well... The contractions stopped but not until after I tried to convince my husband I was a stegosaurus. I don 't remember much, but I do remember feeling very dizzy and nauseous until I eventually passed out. It 's not something I will take again, but it did do its job of pain relief.
Started on 10mg. It helped my anxiety a lot, but I would HAVE to take naps during the day or I couldn 't function. That improved after several months. I upped the dose to 20mg. I forgot what it was like to have social anxiety. It was wonderful.The downside to this is that I gained 45 pounds in those 11 months. I 'm 5 '5. I went from 115 to 160. I 've never had issues with weight. I 've always had trouble GAINING weight. I didn 't want to gain this much. No change in my exercise routine or eating habits. I had to go off of it because it was destroying my self esteem and causing depression. The withdrawals were hell, but I 'm gradually losing the weight I gained now that I 'm off of it. I 'm so disappointed, but hopefully I can find another med.
I have been a smoker for over 25 yrs,smoke a pack every 2 days and its time to stop! My Dr prescribed this med to me over 2 yrs ago and I took one or two here and there,( mainly because I wasn 't ready to stop smoking) Today I am ready! I have made a promise to my children and family that I want to be around to see them fulfill their dreams and watch my only grandson graduate from school. I watched my father pass away from lung cancer, oral cancer from smoking but yet I still chose to smoke. That should have been enough to stop me then. Today I am committing myself to stop this awful habit and be released from the cigaraettes hold of addiction. Good luck everyone on the same journey.
I got the Nexplanon May 2015. The first three weeks I had no issues but now I 've been spotting everyday since. Some days it can be heavy but most of the time its light but I still need to use a tampon. I 've also noticed being more bloated and gassy all the time as well as being tired. I know I was told I would be spotting for several months on and off but I can 't remember a day where I haven 't spotted.
Annieoakley2 - if you are seeing this would like to chat... I am 61 and your post describes the exact same thing I am experiencing.... Wow!
Hello. I got mine put in on December 16, 2015 and I 'm not a very big fan of it. My periods have gotten very bad since. Way heavier than usual! My face has been breaking out really bad. My sex drive is fine and I haven 't gained any weight from it (so far) and I haven 't had problems with being tired all the time. But it 's my periods that are just awful. Usually my periods would last seven to eight days but my first period after getting the implant lasted 12 days and this past one lasted 10 and then I started spotting last night. I see my doctor again on the 16th of this month. I don 't know that I would really recommend it.  Really, the only good thing is that I haven 't gotten pregnant. Another bad thing about it is I don 't really have an appetite.
I 've had the implant for 2 years decided to take it out this year. It did cause serious weight gain and apparently during the removal it was embedded into my arm muscle. My gynecologist told me this was the most severe she has ever seen an implant go . It was nowhere near the insertion area at all it was moving towards my armpit/chest area. I 'm 21 years old and I have came from the Depo Shot 2 years to the Nexplanon I DO NOT RECOMMEND EITHER ONE especially if you are worried about serious weight gain. Mind you I did not have my periods on either one. But it is not worth the psychological damages it causes you=depression. Especially if your implant was travelling and deeply embedded like mine was. I have the scar to prove it
Not bad
I am on my 4th week of contrave. Taking two pills in the morning and two at night. I am 5 feet tall and started at 173 lbs. I have lost 6lbs. I have had sharp  stomach pain. Mainly after eating a big meal, which I haven 't done since I realize that it only happened when eating too much.I haven 't had any nausea even when taking my pills on an empty stomach. I don 't think about food as much. But I can 't really say that I am no long hungry. I have deceased my portion size and I am not starving all the time. I have been constipated, which is a new thing for me. I think it 's because I haven 't been drinking as much water as I should, even though my mouth feels like cotton. I have had very strange dreams, Not scary in a boogeyman kinda of way, tho
I 'm 25 and am basically taking birth control for acne. I have tried many different pills but this was my least favorite, I took it for 2 months. I am small framed about 98lbs and 5 '. I feel this was too much hormone for my small body. First month I was getting anxiety around my period time, crying spells, very crampy, a heavy flow, and mood swings(my poor boyfriend). This has never happened with any pill I 've taken the anxiousness scared me. I gave it another month and not really much of a change. My acne did not clear up at all! No weight gain and sex drive was great. Overall not for me. I switched to monessa, few weeks ago, a much lower dose BC pill and so far so good! Everyone 's different good luck!
Taking metformin twice daily for nine days now - 1st time user - horrible stomach cramps and diarrhea first 7 days but clearing up now, sleeping 10-13 hours every other day and feeling tired in evening, not in morning. Nauseous when eating anything in evening, headaches in evening also. Seeing drop in glucose readings of about 30 points fasting at this time, some weight loss probably from fluid loss and not eating much in evenings.
The Depo just doesn 't work for me. It was great at first, it lightened my periods but 7 months in and my period started lasting up to 2+ weeks. Back in March 2017, I asked to get my shot early (I was due in April) in hopes to stop the bleeding and it did. A month later my period came back and I took these low dosage birth control pills my doctor gave me which stopped the bleeding up until I finished the pack this month, and I started bleeding again. This time, however, I 'm bleeding A LOT. My cycle 's super heavy, and my normal period 's before depo were never like that. This depo is messing up my body and it 's made me gained weight like crazy. I 'm switching to the implant in my arm method tomorrow, and I really hope that works better for me
I 've been on Kariva for 5 months now, and am looking to switch. I get my period the third week of pills for several days, and then again the fourth week as a full period. Both sets of periods I get come with cramps, bloating (and several pounds of weight gain, which disappears once my period is over), and moodiness. When I asked my doctor to switch initially, she suggested I wait several months, as sometimes these effects subside, but mine have not.
I 've been in hell for over a year after having gallbladder removed, severe diarrhea, weight loss, got down to 90 pounds, extreme abdominal pain, and nausea. I couldn 't function normally. I have been on cholestyramine for two months and diarrhea is gone, still have abdominal pain, and some nausea. I now have bloating, and really bad nerve pain, muscle aches, and headache. The relentless nerve pain wakes me several times a night,and I feel like I 'm being stabbed with an ice pike all over my body. In the morning my muscles are painful and weak, which makes it hard to walk. The side effects are miserable, but I can 't go back to having the severe diarrhea and being afraid to get to far from the bathroom. Has anyone else had these side effects?
I have been taking Cipro for three days now. I 'm a father of two girls. I have had to call off work for the past 2 days due to the tiredness and fatigue. The only good thing I can say is that my infection is getting better slowly. This is a very strong medicine for many uses. 
This was the first time I had ever taken cyclobenzaprine.   I took one (1) 10mg on a Thursday evening about 6:30 pm, and all day the next day I felt slight confusion, loss of concentration and it felt like my head was in a fog.  Did not help with pain but allowed me to get some much needed sleep.
I found this medication to cause side effects of swaying while standing up &amp; sometimes rocking back and forth whilst sitting down. Because this is taken monthly I am on 150mg, towards the end of the month I became unwell and psychotic symptoms reoccurred. Delusional thoughts mainly. I am now going to try Abilify and hope I don 't have bad side effects but I know that without my medication I would relapse. 
I 've been on this pill for almost a year now, and this is the only birth control I have ever been on. My period is erratic, and has been 4 days late before. I have insane cravings, and went from having regular light easy periods to long painful ones. The second month out of the three month pack is always the better month, but I am certainly switching. Also lost about 10 pounds, and nothing I 've tried works to gain it back. Every body is different though! Good luck on your birth control quest!
I took Ortho Tri-Cyclen from when I was 16-20 years old the first time, and I recently started taking it again 2 months ago.  Both times, I experienced an increase in cup size (~2 cups), which was nice, but I think part of that is connected to weight gain.  After I switched to a different birth control the first time, I dropped about 7 lbs. over the course of a few months.  I then stopped the other birth control because I was having some bad side effects and dropped another 10 additional lbs., but on the downside my breast size decreased to an A (the size it was when I was 17 prior to taking Ortho Tri-Cyclen).  Now that I have been taking it for two months, I have definitely not felt like myself and have been depressed &amp; unable to concentrate, and have gained 7 lbs.
Problems are panic attacks, phobias and generalized anxiety disorder, as a result to early menopause.  First I tried Effexor 75mg, horrible blood pressure sky rocket up 170/101... Then I tried Fetzima for 5 days and couldn 't tolerate high heart rate.  Resting Heart Rate 96 and while I was walking 110 to 125. Not good always felt like I was climbing a hill, otherwise no other side effects except goosebumps and feeling cold.  So then I started Cymbalta 13 days ago, the first 3-4 days very anxious, unable to sleep major.  My body was tired, but my mind was not.  Every time I would try to sleep my jaw would clench and my body would jerk (myoclonis jerks) and wake me up.  I took small dose of Ativan to help me sleep.  Also the first 4 days became hypoglycemic.
Dr sent me to the ER as this was my 1st diagnosed diverticulitis. I was admitted and given the 2 medicines IV.  I was in the hospital for 3 days and since taking the Flagyl orally I gotta admit UGH! YUCK. I never want to go through that again. So I definitely will follow the diverticulitis diet.
I got Implanon about 4 months ago and have not been off my period/spotting since. That alone is very frustrating but I try to work around it when it comes to my sex life. I have not gotten pregnant so it is doing it 's job but along than the spotting. I also get frequent headaches.
I started taking this after it was recommended by a second GI doctor who performed a endoscopic ultrasound in an attempt to determine the cause of my chest pain (recently diagnosed as nutcracker esophagus). I had been on AciPhex for years with excellent results but Dexilant has been giving me a host of symptoms. My acid reflux has returned and I have developed severe diarrhea, gas and bloating that is resistant to all anti-diarrhea medications - both OTC and prescription. Hopefully I will go back to the AciPhex next week. I don 't think I can stand this much longer.
I took a 10 day dose 1 year ago for a sinus infection, and only remember feeling much better in a short time. Since I was already miserable, I don 't remember having any adverse reactions.  Recently, I got a 7 day dose for another sinus infection and an ear infection, and I felt good on day 3 and 4 with only mild nausea and dizziness. Taking it on a full stomach helped.  I started to feel poor on day 5 and developed a terrible headache that lasted 2 days. By day 7, I developed severe fatigue, muscle, tendon and joint pain.  I agree with other reviews, in that this is a very effective medicine, but the side effects can be severe.  I am glad to hear that these go away in a few days.
I tried the NuvaRing twice.  The first time was for about three months and it was great, but I had to switch birth controls, because it was so expensive.  I started using it again when I could afford it.  I have been on it the last four years.  I have about zero to no sex drive and experience dryness during sex.  The last few months, it has been moving around during sex and makes it even more uncomfortable for me.  It doesn 't make sense to me to use a birth control that kills you sex drive and therefore the reason you are on it, so I 'm switching to the IUD in the next couple of weeks.
I am now a senior in high school and have had mild to moderate acne since I have been 15 years old. My acne worsens during the fall and I visited my dermatologist fall of my sophomore year in high school. I was prescribed tretinoin cream .1%. It helped, but a lot of the time, my skin was just as oily. I fought with my acne until I decided to stop using acne medication all together. The summer before my senior year, my mom bought me coconut oil and I use it before I go to bed and every time I shower. I wash my face and then lather the oil on my face. I wash it off but it leaves a shiny coat on my skin. I have been using this method for about 2-4 months and my skin is far less red and I have very few breakouts.
While going through titration I had intense mood swings. Extreme happiness and seething anger over ridiculous things.When I forget to take a pill it makes me EXTREMELY ill. Nausea, dizziness, fogginess, etc. On a day to day basis: Sometimes I forget words, phrases and even once, my ATM pin number. It 's like I 'm grasping for them and they 're just not there. I also get lightning-like, &quot;zinging&quot; headaches. They were worse during titration, but they haven 't gone away. They usually happen when I 'm at work. In addition, I often feel like I 'm in a fog, and have had a few instances where my words will slur together like my brain just can 't quite form them right.
completely lost every bit of sex drive i had. gained about 10 pounds, mostly in my breast. helped my acne slightly.
I was on nuvaring for about 3 years &amp; I loved it! No pills to worry about, easy in easy out, comfortable. But I recently got out of a serious relationship &amp; wanted to see what I would feel like without BC. I feel AMAZING. Nuvaring GREATLY reduced my sexdrive (it feels so amazing to know it was this medication &amp; not me). It also gave me intense PMS mood swings (which I also thought was me). Essentially what this birth control (&amp; most) do, is release such high levels of hormones, as to trick your body into thinking you 're already pregnant. So essentially taking nuvaring was like being a raging dried up bitch for 3 years. I would try something else..Gave a 5 b/c it was very effective in preventing pregnancy.
I 'm 19 and I 've been taking Loestrin 24 Fe for 7 months now. Before starting the pill, my periods had always been manageable and short. I started the pill simply for birth control. Now that I 've been taking the pill regularly, my periods have lasted only about 2 days and have been extremely light. I was just supposed to have had my period and I didn 't get it. I took a pregnancy test and I 'm NOT pregnant. True, being on birth control does give me peace of mind, however it 'd be nice to actually get a period once a month. This is my only complaint about this pill.
So I gave it an ok review score because it did make feel less depressed. However, as a whole I think cymbalta is bad for you and can lead to terrible health consequences. The side effects I experienced while taking the drug (30 mgs for 6 months) were horrible and I gained a ton of weight which didn 't help the initial cause of me wanting to take the drug - depression (when you don 't feel confident your less happy, what can I say). A few lbs to become a happier person is ok, but it really made me gain weight and also made me tired, nausea, sweaty, and experience muscle spasms. Along with this, withdrawing was horrible. I wish big pharma would be less money hungry and focus on creating effective medications with reduced side effects.
This medication is weird , it basically shuts down your brain, you will become a zombie after this medication,  gained 100 lbs , stabilizes mood and so expensive.
I started Zyprexa 6 months ago after I was hospitalized to the psych ward and diagnosed schitzoaffective, I 'm also bipolar.  It has been pretty darn good, makes me sleepy which is good for bedtime, I get between 8-15 hours of sleep a night. In July when I was in the hospital I weighed 98 pounds, I have gained 30 pounds since, but Im worried I 'll keep gaining more weight, which is why I am thinking of looking for other medications that can treat both the ups and downs and the delusions and hallucinations. Other than the the major weight gain, its good.
I 'm glad I found this forum.  I 've been taking Pristiq for about 3 weeks.  My depression is due to post traumatic stress from an abusive marriage and it has helped take the  'bite ' out of the stress.  Not a miracle drug but after reading the other comments I think I 'll stay on the 50 mg instead of trying a higher dose.
I was diagnosed with PA in 2005..was on MTX Enbrel Humira...in 2011 I was taken off the Enbrel because I developed Basel Cell Carcinoma and was told that the BC was from the suppression of my immune system.  Now the PA came back with a vengeance in July 2015 I went to my Rheum and she told me of Otezla and started me on sample packs. She said it does not suppress the immune system so of course I was so happy.  Still as of today I am not approved by my ins co...they say I need to try Enbrel Humira and Stellara!!!!   My Dr is running out of sample pacs and I am livid now because I just got off the phone with Ins Supervisor and she said Otezla does suppress the immune system and I should be trying the other &quot;Preferred Drugs&quot;...HELLO????  HELP
Yes it did clear my acne once I was on it. I had cystic acne around my chin and forehead, and some acne on my cheeks. But I would say no less than a year later, it started coming back. Granted it was not as bad as before, but I was extremely surprised to see acne come back so soon. Now about 3 years later it is TERRIBLE. I am getting cystic acne again and a new pimple is popping up pretty much everyday around my chin. I really don 't want to have to go on another treatment of Accutane. I had already been on 2 six month treatments in a row. 
I have taken this medication 4 times. I am definitely eating more than I did on Trulicity or Victoza. I am afraid to look at the scale. I crave sugar. Does this happen to anyone else? Does this change? I am nervous I will put back on all the weight I lost in the past 7 months. I do not have the terrible heartburn that I had on Trulicity though.
It worked very well for the first 2 weeks with some itching and burning but it was tolerable. Now it doesn 't burn or do much to prevent sweating. I don 't sweat as much as I used to but it is still an excessive problem. The next step is Botox injections according to my doctor.
I have been on the three month no period, one week of period form of this medication for approximately 3 weeks. It was prescribed by my doctor to help with the extreme cramps and various symptoms I get during my period in spite of me being a smoker. In the last week or so, I have been noting several worrying side effects and I am not sure that I will continue this medication. My heart rate is increased from a good, normal range to almost always high (high 80s-125 resting). I wake up at night to swollen, tingly hands and have difficulty sleeping. Tired frequently. Today I had to go to urgent care because of one of the worst pains I 've ever had in my stomach area, may or may not be related but I read something about it on this site.
Second day of single dose and some minor improvement from this broad spectrum antibiotic. No serious side effects yet. I believe each prescription taken effects different people different ways. Need to stay on course and kill off the bug that attacked sinuses and lungs. Awaiting recovery...
After nine years with a fungal infection on the skin, I was given 100 MG/week for a month. I already took the last pill of the course, and all it has done so far is turn the spots pink and make them slightly bigger, and some itched more often (although one looks like it 's starting to disappear)!     But the side effects! Oh, the side effects! After the first pill, I felt extremely dizzy, headachy, and nauseous for an hour after bedtime. The next day, I had little appetite that only recovered that evening. The next two times, I took two Rolaids, which helped with the nausea. That left the headache to contend with all day the day after I took the pill.I took two ibuprofen three times to combat the headaches on the last pill. What a joke!
I 'm 23 and I 've had my nexplanon in my arm for about 2 month now , took me a couple weeks to realize that this birth control definitely affects my mood. I 've been crying over the littlest things , I have been very emotional and I 've never experienced this kind of change due to birth control ever so it must have a lot of hormones in it to make me feel so depressed for no reason.  Also I 've been breaking out on my face and spotting, I haven 't bled a lot which is good and its the only reason I still have it in. Also pain in my breast and tenderness.
I started Lutera in January. I felt very nauseous almost all the time in the first month. My breasts grew significantly. My acne has cleared up. I did notice that I am very emotional and moody ever since I started Lutera especially the day before my period. I 'm pretty consistent with when I take the pill. I usually take it around 10-11am but for the days I almost forget and take it at night, I feel really sick the next day.
I had no issues after insertion at six weeks postpartum. Bodyweight was back to normal at 180lbs. Six months later I 'm at 215 lbs and steadily gaining weight pound for pound. Never had his issue with Implanon. I FEEL blood clots sludge up and down my arteries sometimes, limb pain, depression, anxiety, and groggyness, which all are very unnatural for me. But I 'm not pregnant. I 'm getting this removed.
My experience with this birth control was pretty good. I am 5 '4 about 115 lbs- 120 lbs. Never made me moody, never felt bloated. I felt pretty good on this pill. Before this pill I never broke out!! My face was pretty clear.  When I started this pill I noticed my right cheek started to break out. It was more of red bumps and a rash on my face. I noticed others having the same symptoms.  My diet didn 't change after this pill. I ate the same and exercised too. I will be returning to Othro-Tri Cyclen until my face clears up and hopefully try something else.
Day 1 felt great was in a good mood all day when I first took it didn 't feel the symptoms yetDay 2 felt nauseous and ribs felt sore. Strange dreams.Day 3 irritable and frustrated about almost everything. Slight headache. Strange dreams Day 4 felt first thing in the morning when I got nervous my heart was racing and couldn 't talk because of my anxietyDay 5 good luck ladies 
Hello Everyone,I took wellbutrin 150 mg once a day, along side with zoloft (200mg) and atenolol (50mg) - the wellbutrin worked well for the first four days, but then i suddenly began to plummet. instead of feeling energized like everyone else in these reviews i began to feel restless, drowsy and dizzy. Even worse, i noticed my blood pressure was going up. By the third week of taking this medication my head was pulsing, i had a couple bad headaches, diarrhea, and nausea . I could not take the side effects anymore because i was experiencing almost every negative side effect. If you are sensitive to caffeine, this drug may not be for you. it felt similar to caffeine which i am sensitive to.
I was diagnosed with bipolar seven years ago and have basically been on Topamax along with Welbutrin the whole time. I have not really experienced the weight loss. I do feel fatigued and have been feeling very angry lately. I also feel sort of zombied out.
This medicine (and Synthroid) raises my blood pressure.
This cleared up my BV well, however, I was experiencing some strange side effects. I 'm having symptoms similar to a sinus infection-- pressure and pain in my temples, pain behind my eye, my eye was swollen as well as a runny nose. I 've stopped taking the medication so I hope these symptoms pass.The same thing happens the last time I took this medication too.
I have a 16yr old son who was put on Vyvanse for his ADHD 3yrs ago. It worked good for awhile made better grades in school. He had less impulsivity and was able to focus more. He had decreased appetite and needed to be put on another medicine to help him sleep. In the past year his grades went down. He was already on the highest dose of 70mg. He was becoming aggressive and very hateful. I found out that he was smoking weed and drinking. He told me he felt so jittery from his Vyvanse that was the only way he could relax. I put my son in a rehab and they switched him to Strattera and he is doing a lot better.
Dexedrine is okay! When I first took it I was excited and hoped to feel something. I was instantly in a good mood, more focused, and patient. However the come down off this drug is horrible. The depression and sadness start to come back and it 's just discouraging that only a medication can band-aid those emotions. I have have felt overstimulated as well. I had a gastric bypass four years ago so my doc said noXR but he put me on four 10mg a day which I feel is too much. I become agitated, irritable, paranoid, panicky, crying, etc. I decreased it to two a day. I feel that this might be too strong of a stimulant for me. I want to try Adderall since it 's cheaper on my insurance and it has less dex. We 'll see what he says at my next visit.
In 2007 I started with Loestrin 24, it worked for about almost two years in controlling the endometriosis pain. Then suddenly the pain came back very strong and I ultimately needed surgical Laporoscopy. I spotted the entire time on Loestrin. Currently looking for another drug to prevent the endometriosis from coming back.
I am currently on my second month on Ortho and it works great. The side effects I have had are: I lost a couple of pounds since starting it, my breasts are pretty sensitive, and I will get occasional headaches. Other than it worked great. I followed the exact instructions by starting the pill on the first Sunday of starting my period (my period began on a Sunday) and didn 't have unprotected sex until the after the 7 days. I started my period on the 2nd green pill and it lasted for 3 days.
I took it for ADD. Too many side effects. Discontinued after 13 days.
Great
It helps with agitation and anxiety that I feel right after receiving treatment (ECT).
I had Implanon inserted in February 2010 when my youngest daughter was 10 weeks old.  Insertion was pretty easy, my arm was sore for about a week after insertion while the skin on my arm got used to the implant being there.  It was fine while I continued to breastfeed.  I quit breastfeeding in July and in August started a period which has not stopped.  I am very crampy and tired all of the time.  My husband is so tired of me bleeding because that means no sex.  I have not gotten pregnant with this birth control.  Scheduling with my ob to get it removed and considering going back to Mirena which is what I had after my first daughter and did not have any of the issues.
I take 150mg of this everyday for anxiety. I was previously on Paxil for a few years, which stopped working for me. It 's pretty good at helping me control my anxiety, however, if I forget to take the pill by more than 4 hours from the previous day (exactly 8am day 1, past Noon day 2) I get the worst withdrawals: dizziness, nausea, diarrhea, fatigue, insomnia. Then when I remember to take it if I had forgotten, it takes a few hours to kick in and for the side effects to go away. I never experienced this with Paxil. If it weren 't for this issue than I would give Effexor XR 9/10.
So I decide to get Implanon after using the pill and getting pregnant while taking it. After I had my son in 2008 I had Implanon inserted. In the beginning I had terrible terrible mood swings. I was always angry and impatient, and I thought this would pass. I still get the mood swings but not as often. So I can 't say if I am just crazy or if it is the Implanon. The reason why I am not a big fan of this is because when I got pregnant with my first child I weighed 170 pounds I gained 12 pounds during pregnancy and dropped it almost immediately. Got pregnant again gained 19 pounds, lost 9 pounds by the time got the Implanon put in. I am now a lovely 202 pounds, so on average using this product I have gained about 11 pounds a year.
I have had psoriasis for 45 years, since I was 10. I have had 3 injections of Humira and I don 't see much clearing. Maybe I need to give it more time? Doctor thinks I 'll be clearer in November,y next appointment. I 'm doubtful.
Severe cramping and nauseous after I was took 2 pills at 7:50 pm woke up at 3:00 am with stomach burning sensation and throwing up &amp; '  after I use the restroom
I just took my third injection last night. I still feel hungry on this medication. Wondering if it takes a while for the medication to kick in. I am hoping this med works well for me. I have had no pain with the shots, no medication leaking back out of injection site (maybe a drop) and no sight of lumps that people reference in posts. Hoping for weight loss from this medication, but don 't see that happening at this stage. Maybe it takes several weeks to start working. Interesting that I was not able to tolerate Byetta for even one day but have had no issues with Buydureon.
I took Lexapro for a little over a year and it worked beautifully.  The only reason I weaned off was because of weight gain.  My Doctor prescribed 10mg of Prozac and said it should not cause any weight gain.  I am on it 17 days now and my only side effect is slight anxiety and a few panic attacks.  I had none of this on Lexapro.  My question is, should I hand in there and when will I feel good?
I 've been in the pill about 3 months , I switched from Nuvaring which was a nightmare so at first I was glad there were way less strong side effects. However I started birth control pills at 140lbs 3 months later I now weigh 157 . I am constantly bloated and I want to eat like I 'm pregnant all the time. I also experience extreme mood swings which I 'm sure are because of the pill ( my boyfriend noticed too)  My sex drive is almost non existent on top of severe vaginal dryness. I also have cramps every time I get up suddenly , which although they are way less painful than the Nuvaring ones they are constant. Lets just say I 'm getting off this pill next month &amp; definitely excited .
I was on Latuda (started at 40mg and ended at 80mg) for about a month and a half before deciding to switch. The best thing about the Latuda was the significant decrease in my appetite, but that could have been an effect of removing Seroquel from my regimen. When I first started I had a very hard time sleeping due to restlessness but that went away with time. The main issues I had with Latuda were a feeling of &quot;numbness&quot; to the world around me (no desire to do anything or say anything), a definite decrease in my sex drive, and the cost. Neither of my insurance plans will cover it, so unfortunately, it 's no longer an option. If you do decide to try it, take it with plenty of food, otherwise you may get nausea.
The first time they gave me Flagyl in 4 pills to take all at the same time. It worked great and I cleared up. The second I was given the same 4 pill dosage and the symptoms cleared up for about a week until I got my period, then the discharge, smell and itching came back with a vengeance.  So back to the doctor I went and this time they gave me Tindamax.
The 1st time I tried Contrave, one pill made me so sick to my stomach with vomiting and weird neuro side effects for 2 days. I tried again a couple of months later starting out with 1/4 tablet twice a day and worked up to 1 1/2 tablets twice a day. I have learned to take the meds in the middle of eating a meal and NOT to take near any coffee. I lost 8 lbs without changing my diet in a short time. I did notice my craving for sweets was nil. My dad passed away and I have gotten off Contrave but plan to start out 1  twice a day again and build up to the highest dosage I can tolerate. My cousin has been on the full dose for over 1 year and is STILL continuing to loose.
I 've had a yeast infection before, however, I think this is the first time the medication actually bothered me. I do remember my first yeast infection being the worst (symptom wise).  I usually use a 7 day CREAM with the applicator and no side effects (generic brand/never used Monistat)   It cleared up around the 3rd day. This time I picked up a combo pack with the suppository and 2% cream.   The first insert of the suppository made me realize a burning sensation.  It wasn 't really painful, but it was mostly irritating. The same thing happened on the second one. I did not wash it off, however, my go to for vaginal relief has always been Vagisil. Even if I buy the YI treatment, I ALWAYS use VAGISIL for the exterior discomfort. USE BOTH!
I 'm 25 with 2 kids, I got Implanon may 2012 I got it at my 6 week check up after giving birth and it was rough on body adjusting for another six weeks, but then it was absolutely great from then on though December. Then in Jan 2013 I started the first period I had since June 2012 and it has NOT stopped. I haven 't had insurance until now so I couldn 't afford to get checked out.  Finally able to go and then set up an appointment to get it taken out, and that can 't come soon. 
Started suffering acid reflux after a year on Simvastatin.  Struggled to swallow it, felt as if it was lodged in my throat.  Stopped taking it a month ago, having blood test this week to check cholesterol level.
Just started this experiment this morning. I was prescribed this by my mental health provider of all things. She prescribed it in the form of the two pills instead of the one  marketed for diet. It was cheaper. Way cheaper. Like with my insurance coverage I paid around $4 for both pills. So I was worried about the side effects as most of us were/are. This first day I just feel high. Soooooo. I look forward to the next days to see what happens. I 'm 5 '4&quot; female. 50 years old and weigh 222 lbs. I like to drink and I understand this medication will affect that. It 's actually prescribed for drug abuse and alcohol dependence. Again. I 'll wait and see what happens. I don 't think I 'll try to have a drink while on this medication.
Taking a 0.4 mg capsule resulted in side effects that made me want to stop taking Flomax. I now open a capsule and pour out half of the contents, resulting in a 0.2mg dose in the re-sealed capsule and another 0.2mg dose that I put into a tiny piece of dough. I am 62 yrs, had 2 types of radiation treatment for prostate cancer 7 yrs ago; am taking Flomax to counter the feeling of urgency to urinate   frequent urinations (due to the bladder not fully emptying during urination). Flomax side effects = headaches, insomnia, stuffy sinus; however I need to stay on Flomax longer (than 1 week) to make a definite conclusion. 7 yrs ago I had no bad side effects but stopped due to price of Flomax.
The patch worked. However the itching and inflamed skin was not tolerable.  I wish I could bear it just to be relieved of the overactive bladder. I thought I would have a normal life. Now trying Toviaz.
Biaxin 500 mg leaves bad taste. MD suggested to eat chocolate when taking it. I have no problem with that! Must say it helped me but it could also be the steriods given with it. Hope this helps someone!
I get really off-time periods and spot for weeks sometimes. I got it in October and it still happens. I was put on 10mg of Prozac to counter act the PMS, which is near psychotic even without the implant. I have the worst acne I 've had since I was 13. I 'm a skin picker too, so it blows. I also have chronic depression and the damn thing only adds to it. My boyfriend and I never use condoms because of latex allergies and I 'm childfree, so it 's doing one thing right, and that is all that matters... Unless you have mental issues, then it not so good. I 'll probably get it out before the end of the 3 years.
I recently started this pill almost a month ago to prevent pregnancy. I am almost finished with the first pack and anxious to see what my period will be like. As for side effects, I have been very emotional and irritable at times. I used to be on a different medicine for acne but once I started this pill i stopped taking the other medicine and now I have whiteheads everywhere, which is opposite from what i usually get. I also have been very constipated and have had alot of gas although I havent gained any weight. Overall I dont know if I would recommend this pill due to all of the side effects that I have already experienced.
I have diarrhea due to bacterial infection. I am supposed to take this medication for a week. Currently I am on my third day and the side effects are terrible. Yes, my diarrhea has stopped but now I have nausea. 
Mine is covered by medicare part d through bc/bs rx prem for $2.00 for 60 pills.  Fair results.
OK, guys, I had a bottle of champagne and we drank,but i failed, ugh. I thought it was her roomates with kids next door and said next time better at my place. so we tried at my place, again a fail, 2 months later saw her , by now I had bought cialis, I mixed champagne, vodka, ,well things were going well, but then before ,climax, I felt like might have heart attack, had to stop, then,another fail so, then ( started Kundalini yoga, excercises, about squeezing your sex, muscles, breathing , blood flow etc, ( Sat Kriya ) my ex girlfriend had taught me years ago, started again                                  amazing, if no yoga( 80mg bayer heart asprin ,rock hard .lol all
This is the second pill I have been on for an average of 2 years now. When I first started Junel Fe 1/20 It took me forever to regulate out and honestly I don 't think I ever will. It has been a year and a half without missing or being late on a pill and I get my period twice a month. Not to mention I get breakouts with it. But also I am not pregnant. I have not gained weight, nor have I lost any.
I 've been on this birth control for about four months now. My breasts are growing at a consistent rate. My acne stayed the same. My periods are gone and I do not cramp at all. I have been more depressed and picking out little things to complain about to my boyfriend. He is trying to deal with it but this pill is slowly making me crazy. I need something else! I constantly feel sick and need to go to the bathroom. 
Bipolar Disorder: This medicine has helped reduce my symptoms of anxiety, agitation, and impulsiveness.  But it does not help with depression symptoms in the long run.  It has caused my mood to go up and down, even though I 'm using other medicines to stabilize my mood.
It helps but not all the time I take 30 mg once a day.
51 year old 131 pounds, one time use. Directions said take 1 - 3 tabs, so I took two for constipation .  Less than 2 hours later I felt the urge to go.  That 's when the severe cramping and profuse sweating began.  While going,  I began to vomit (what seems like everything I 've ever eaten... ever).  Ate mostly clean all week. That day I ate a spinach &amp; sundried tomato omelet for breakfast with coffee &amp; orange juice and buffalo chicken salad with water for dinnier. Since I 'm watching my weight, I weigh myself in the morning.  After this Dulcolax experience,  I lost four pounds in about as many hours. .  So, 5 points for the weight loss,  but I 'll never put myself through this pain again!
I am a 60  year old male with BPH.  After 10 days on finasteride I had marked decrease in erectile strength and quantity of ejaculate, moderate decrease in libido.
I have been taking Trulicity for about 3 1/2 months.  Still with side effects.  I have smelly breath and  I feel like no one wants to get close to me.  I have bouts of dizziness when I get up at times.   I have terrible indigestion at times.  My blood sugars are good.  Can 't eat much at a time.  Haven 't lost much weight.  Now I have started having a lot of joint pain that I never had before.  I don 't know if the side effects are worth it.
Soo I have unprotected sex June 25 and immediately took the pill on the 26th but I was suppose to get my period on that day and now it 's the 28 and I still haven 't gotten my period???? I know I 'm just freaking myself out but I think it was just the pill that is making my period late... Hopefully. but I am absolutely having no side affects thank god. Just gotta be patient and stop stressing myself out!
Works well for depression and anxiety.  I experienced diminished libido (male). Do not abruptly stop taking or miss a dose, you 'll get worse than opiate withdrawal!
I am on Day 3 of 20mg Citalopram after a period of extreme anxiety and stress.  This is the worst day so far.  Exhausted. Headache. Diarrhea.  Nauseous. No appetite.  Shaking body.  No concentration.  Just feel awful.  I read from other reviewers that this will pass and to stick with this drug but I am having difficulty believing that it will.  My Doctor did say it would get worse before it got any better.
I am rating this drug a 5 at this point because it has neither been a good experience, nor a bad one. Today is the 7 day mark for me. My weight has not budged since day one, but it 's only a week in. I 'm drinking a LOT more water and trying to make wise meal choices. I seem to get full with less food than before I started Belviq, but I am hungry most of the time. I am also on the brink of falling asleep all day long. I can 't seem to really wake up, truly, until about 2:00 in the afternoon ( 'I 'm up at 5:30 during the week).  I am hopeful based on what I 've read online about the drug, but so far for me personally - no suppression of appetite, substantial reduction in energy level and no weight loss :O(
My manias have definitely been  'filed down ' so far....Though I now have mixed states and anger is highly apparent during mania. Though I 'm unsure if Lithium is to blame here for I 've always had anger issues. But it seems more intense.
I loved this birth control at first , but after having it for about 2 years now . I have had nothing but a terrible experience . I have had TERRIBLE mood swings and TERRIBLE acne ! I will feel completely fine one minute , the next I am ready to fight someone or start an argument . I thought I was going crazy until reading other reviews ! DON 'T RECOMMEND IT . But it does protect from pregnancy .
Was prescribed a paxil and wellbutrin combo twelve years ago, and the effects fell away over time. Dr kept wellbutrin, dropped paxil, and replaced paxil with a series of meds that increased anxiety, made concentration super hard, and I felt constantly nauseous. Starting tomorrow on only wellbutrin xr. I 'll report back. I really need to feel better.
I have had eczema my whole life. I started using Dupixient about 3-4 months ago and saw significant results within a few weeks. Recently however, the redness and itchiness has been returning and I am concerned. I read in the studies that 20% of the patients in the trial saw results initially (within 3-4 months) but then developed an immunity to the drug so that it was no longer effective. I hope that this is not the case for me. Hoping this is just a minor flare up.
I just started taking 50 mg after 10 mg of celexa wasn 't keeping the panic at bay. First few days I felt my head clear and the negative thoughts slip away. By day 5 I 'm feeling out of sorts, afraid and a bit emotional. I 'm cutting down to 25 mg but hoping this will all pass. I 'm really hoping for the medicine to give me my life back but worried about side effects.
I had bad reaction from Ritalin so I was given Strattera. Strattera gave me and still gives me a nauseous feeling, I always take it with food and after driving to avoid this side effect as much as possible. At times it gives me head aches and irritability due to me feeling off. It is very effective in controlling my hyperactivity. I am much more attentive. Its benefits out weigh its current side effects, I recommend talking to your doctor and to keep trying new medicines to find out what works best for you. I gave it a 6/10. Its expensive, $140ish
Have been dealing on a daily basis with a chronic low grade anxiety and lethargy / tiredness
I 've been on this medicine for 4 months, I thought that I just started having symptoms since I 've been bleeding for almost 2 weeks, n I 'm a week from my actual period.. But I 've lost weight, moody, depression a lot, but the bleeding I can 't take...
I loved how convenient the shot was and how cheap it was. I only had to pay my 20 dollars co-pay and the injection was fully covered by my insurance. However the cons outweighed the pros for me. My menses became very irregular, I 'd have it for two months then not get it one month and then have it for another two months again and it was very very VERY light in flow. I had abdominal cramps, headaches, dizzy spells, depressive episodes and I wanted to eat everything in site. Also, I started having chest pains an my chest felt very heavy. I went online after getting curious as to what the side effects were and I came across this website. I found all of my symptom listed plus many more.
After two hours of taking  this at 60 mg, I feel NOTHING! I have never been on any other ADHD meds except  this one. I 've only been prescribed this medication two months ago and doc told me to take it once a day, everyday. I never abused it and never will. I am an avid runner and I run 3 to 5 miles everyday ever since I was 16, now I am 30 years old. I am also a serious health  conscious person. I know that this drug is to be metabolized in your liver before becoming active but I feel like this medication  goes through me too fast, like drinking water! I get more benefits  for my cognition problems with Brintellix!  This might be one of those cases where I might be  better on Adderral. I never experienced a crash on this drug.
After the first week I felt more cheerful and energetic.  After one month I completely lost my craving for cigarettes. (I was a social smoker, maybe would have five a week.  But when I wanted one the cravings were intense).    However my blood pressure was elevated  157/110. (I am on lisinopril-HCTZ for that). My sister was sure the bupropion was causing my high blood pressure. After a couple of weeks my smoking cravings came back and my blood pressure was still elevated so I went back on bupropion.  Second time around I am super cranky and have a heightened sense of smell, but still crave cigarettes.
I 'm 57 and have been using Estrace cream sporadically for about a year.  I 've found the drug component to be pretty effective, but I just hate that greasy goop it 's put in.  I seems to leave a trail for days as it leaks out.  I would prefer something that absorbs better.
So I recently visited a dermatologist due to hormonal acne. Never before did I have to worry so much about my skin that it would drastically affect my mood, social life, etc. I 've spent so much money on better skincare, higher end and full coverage foundations - nothing was working (tea tree oil, spot treatment, apple cider vinegar, legit tried everything). The derm prescribed me 100mg of Spironolactone - but said it takes a few weeks to kick in. I 'm on my third week and honestly not many changes. In addition she prescribed me Aczone. I don 't know if this is just not strong enough for deep acne, but I apply this gel on my affected area multiple times a day and it has not gotten better. I think it may be better for smaller whiteheads, etc.
Nuvaring is so convenient, and the hormone level is pretty low, so I really wanted it to work. But, after two months of no libido, and no lubrication, I am done with it. Have also been feeling tired and a bit emotionally unstable, but nothing crazy. 
I have had this medicine for a week now. I am not totally sure if I like it or not. I cannot sleep if I take one of these pills. They make me feel like on high doses of steroids. They do help with pain from the rheumatoid arthritis. If you do not have trouble sleeping then I think this medicine could work for you. If you are already suffering from sleep problems then I would not advise this medicine.
I 've just started pentasa and so far so good I think! I was diagnosed when I was 19 and now I 'm 32 was on Asacol for most of that time but my doctor felt it was no longer working the way it needed to! I ended up in the hospital for 2 days due to severe dehydration 2 weeks ago! I had also lost 30lbs in the last 2 months. I have actually been able to eat the last couple of days and I 'm not feeling the pain from eating!
Been on 100mg of Trazadone  for about 2 months.   Been using it to deal with sleeplessness and more directly inconsiderate roommates who aren 't very conscious when it comes to being quiet overnight.  This is also in response to Wellutrin which I was on for 4 months prior for depression, which I 'm sure also didn 't help with sleep as it 's common for contributing to insomnia.   Trazadone worked well for a couple months but I now find myself getting up to urinate 2-3 times a night without having to urinate much at all after the fact, and hard to get to sleep as the temporary wake up is followed by an inability to calm down the mind.  Will talk to Dr about possibly increasing dose, worked great for 2 months there, but we 'll have to see...
I have been using Enbrel for almost 2 years with great success. Only recently it stopped working for me. The morning stiffness, hand swelling and all the pain that goes with it was back. My Doctor just started me on Remicade and it started working almost immediately. So don 't fret if it stops working for you. I did like doing my own injections with Enbrel, with Remicade it 's a 2 hour infusion by your Doctor every 2 months.
Is extremely nauseous, loss of appiette and bad heartburn. I Feel sick whenever i eat and have vomitted. Has had severe heartburn; difficulty breathing and very uncomfortable(reoccurring but not always severe). Has had mood swings - happy to sad and vice versa. Have cried and felt emotional. Sex drive not effected like others have said in their reviews. I do get the occasional stomach cramping. I have a very busy life so i love love the one time application, set my date for removal and forget about it.  Im trying to look past the extreme nausea---but if i did not have that i wouldve been happy with Nuvaring.
My daughter takes 40mg of the Latuda. You should always take it with your dinner no later then five or you will be tried in the morning. This was told to me by her doctor. She has been on this medicine for about 7 months. She sleeps well at night.
The first time I took Wellbutrin I was in the hospital for major depression, suicidal ideation and a nervous breakdown. After trying the typical Zoloft, Paxil and others the Drs. were running out of options. A new Dr. on staff gave me Wellbrutin (I dont remember the dose) and I instantly was transported to a state I can only describe as ecstacy. Unfortunately this lasted only one day probably because of my &quot;virgin&quot; brain. But staying on this med. for two years helped me recover my life. I am so grateful. this was 15 years ago and although I still suffer from major depressive disorder I have been able to get a Master 's degree and a new career.
After a couple of days using Advair my mouth has become sensitive. I like hot foods but now, just a drop of Tabasco makes my entire mouth burn. 
My discs are degenerative, and I had a back surgery 20 years ago that failed. At the time,I was given 2 T-4 's every 4 hours. That made working almost tolerable. Long story short,2 surgeries later and I am prescribed a T-4 every 6 hours. I am in chronic pain and willbe (most likely) and have no life due to it. Since the DEA now prescribes for me, I guessI will just have to shrivel up and die. Having raised a teenaged son, Norco 's were quitepopular 9 years ago and that 's what has contributed to this travesty. I do not denythere are drug seekers, however, I am on disability at 56 because I cannot get enoughrelief to be a dependable worker anymore and it is, quite literally, killing me slowly. 
My experience with Depo-Provera was horrible. I had horrible mood swings and I spotted the entire 3 months until the shot left my system. Then my period didn 't show up for 5 months. My face started breaking out, not badly, but enough for people to notice. I also developed cysts on my ovaries that began rupturing and was put in the hospital for them. It has been almost a year and my face is finally starting to clear up. But I didn 't get pregnant...so I guess that is one advantage.
I have been taking lamictal for about 2 or 3 months. I still find myself occasionally hearing things and depressed but not as bad as I used to do. I also take Abilify, buspirone for anxiety, mirtazapine to sleep and eat. I think I am bipolar 1, I am not sure, but I am more stable think I used to be. I am able to concentrate more though and I give that to lamotrigine (lamictal). I wish I could gain weight I am too skinny.
I 've taken this medication three different nights now and honestly, I haven 't slept this deeply in ages!  However... from the time I take the medication to the time I get to sleep - I have no memories of this time period the next day.  Also, if I am sleeping and someone wakes me up after I 've taken the ambien, I won 't remember anything the next day from being awake at the time. Really upsetting to my boyfriend the next day...
I 've had recurring yeast infections for the past few months, because these treatments BURN &amp; itch that I can 't finish the treatment pack. I 've used the cream applicators 3 times in the past 4 months and I honestly think I might have sterilized myself. A few mins after you put it in, your vagina will start to feel like it has been exposed to fire and poison ivy, simultaneously. If you try to scratch it, it will spread the cream and get even worse. ~HOWEVER, this time I took Azo Yeast Plus for 2 days before Monistat &amp; not only did it clear up 95% of my symptoms during the day, but I think it reduced the irritation because tonight was the first time ever that my Monistat was only very slightly itchy in a super bearable way!
Adderall XR lasted no longer for me than Adderall IR. I was prescribed 30mg XR twice daily with its duration being four hours before it stopped working.
I have been on birth control for 12 years. I was on Loestrin 24 fe for almost 8 years until they got rid of it. Ever since then I haven 't been able to find the right fit. I was on this for 9 months. No breakouts. EASY periods that lasted a day if that. No cramps ever. BUT I gained 8 pounds and it made my blood pressure go through the roof. It was 110/60 before I started and alllll the months I was on it, my blood pressure was 145/99 so my doctor 's pulled me off of it. The second I went off it was back to normal. Not to mention this birth control KILLED my sex drive. The moment I went off is when I realized.
Worked amazing for sleep for 5 of the 8 months I took it, and chronic insomnia, when left untreated, is a big trigger for my bipolar.  After the sleep side effect wore off &amp; it failed to do anything for a depressive episode (&amp; had not helped mixed mania episodes earlier), I discontinued it.  But those 5 months of sleep - they felt really natural, not drugged, easy to wake up from if you had to and go back to sleep, and no grogginess in the morning.  Side effects: slight pinky tremor at times, and it made me produce lots of alive - I would drool like a basset hound on my pillow at night.  If you go for this, ask your doc to prescribe the black cherry flavor - I did not find that to be too bad!
So far my experience has been temperamental. The first few days, and over whelming &quot;full&quot; feeling. And then as the days went on, the feelings went away. I did a small process of elimination and realized, I had a lesser  'full ' feeling when I took Belviq with my other medications, and when I took it and ate later. So, now I have begun to take it an hour after I take my normal meds, and I take it with food.. its nice to feel full again :) just my little 2 cents!
within the first two months on acutane my acne got much much worse but after that it got much bettter although it did leave behind many scars due to the severity of my acne because of the medicine in the first two months ... if I knew this would happen I would 've just let my acne play out without the acutane
I had all 4 wisdom teeth removed PLUS 4 second molars (two on top and two on bottom). Doc prescribed this antibiotic with T3. Antibiotics  caused my entire body to be itchy. Each time right after taking the antibiotic I get chills and then fever like symptoms...dizziness, shakes and nausea and very disoriented. Also caused hiccups everytime afterward. Goes away but the itching doesn 't. The left side of my face is more swollen then the right one. It 's day two. Was told it would be much worse at day 3. Not liking this antibiotic at all. But because I had so many teeth removed at once I have to stick with it and rinsing with salt water in order to avoid infection.
I 'm taking this medication to regulate my period. I was scared after reading the side effects especially about the hair loss and the weight gain, but I know everyone is different. This is my 2nd month and I 've experienced loss of appetite, stomach ache, nausea/vomitting the most...I 've actually lost 10 pounds which is awesome. The neasea/vomitting is only about once a week so it 's not that bad...I just am not hungry anymore...which helps me make better choices in eating. My first month I was hormonal, however now I think my bodies gotten use to it so I 'm not as hormonal. As far as my period...It hasnt been long enough to tell if it 's regulated.
Trazadone did knock me out instantly and I slept good all night. Only problem is I was having violent nightmares when I took it so I had to stop.
I took my self to the hospital because my life was (and still is) falling apart. But after I took Prozac, I started the feel a bit better. But just as someone here mentioned, after I took it my mind felt empty, for example, since before I went to the hospital, thoughts of self hatred, self loathing and plenty of suicidal thoughts took up 90% of my brain each day. but since they were gone due to the medicine, my brain was unsure how to react. The worst thing in the world could have happened to me and I wouldn 't do anything just smile. But it felt weird. But I did feel a strange sense of optimism while on the drug. I 'm NEVER optimistic, always pessimistic. I stopped months ago. I think I 'm going to the hospital soon anyway.. I feel it.
I took a form of this medication a couple of years ago (Septra, which has the same ingredients) and it cleared up my UTI, although I thought it was a little slow to fully work. So when I got a UTI about a week ago suddenly, I asked my doc to prescribe it for me again, only this time it was Bactrim. I 'm funny with antibiotics, I don 't like taking them and I have a very sensitive stomach, so I like to stick with what works. Took it again this time, and noticed my symptoms improved, then got bad again. I had two side effects this time, loss of appetite and jittery feeling. I went back to my doc and my urine sample still showed white blood cells, so they sent my sample out to be cultured for a better prescription. It helped but didn 't cure it.
I 'm 16, almost 17 and I went on this because I had really heavy periods with bad cramps and would pass out regularly. I 've been on this for a little over two weeks and my period hasn 't stopped. It was heavy for the first four days and then it became really light. For the last week it 's almost like spotting, which has never happened to me before. My breasts hurt really bad. I 'm not sure if I 've gained or lost weight, because I started dieting right before I went on the pill. So far, I hate the pill, but it 's only been a month. I 'm hoping the next months will be better than this one.
Risperdal did not eliminate my symptoms but it did make coping with the symptoms easier.  It also made me sleep extremely deeply at night so that someone who tried wasn 't able to wake me up at all.  It could be due to low blood pressure but most likely because I have a low tolerance to sedative medications.  I was not able to take it during the day when I needed to the most, when my symptoms were at their worst, due to the sedative side effects.  I did find that using a 0.5mg dose was mildly helpful for daytime treatment of symptoms and was not severely sedative, allowing me to function normally.
This antibiotic keeps causing yeast infections, which do not seem worth the moderate benefit.
While sertraline is undoubtedly effective at leveling out emotions, it could be said that at times it almost gives you &quot;zombie-like&quot; symptoms; I took the medication for my anxiety (combined with a traumatic event/post traumatic stress) and it was very helpful getting over the initial situation and forgetting it; however, for anxiety itself, it made me somewhat dysfunctional on its own, and I lost some of my drive and ambition. I started on 100mg, and have since gone down to daily 25mg tablets combined with 150mg of Wellbutrin XL daily, which in my personal opinion is a far more effective medication in that it doesn 't tend to slow down the rate of someones introverted thought. Sertraline made me less emotional, in general.
This made my skin look beautiful! Within 2 weeks, I had a noticeable improvement in my skin. Only issue was the severe mood swings it would give me (which is why I 'm not on it). I would cry for no reason and would lash out at others). I noticed how upset I would get and did not like feeling that way.
I have been on the NuvaRing for one week. I came off of Tri Sprintec. I was so hormonally messed up from going to a combination pill to an estrogen only back to a combination. I bloated out and looked like 6 months pregnant. So I got off all birth control for one month and inserted the NuvaRing when my period started. I have been constantly nauseous with no appetite at all. I also have SEVERE diarrhea. I 'm still going to give it a try for another month to see if those side effects wear off. Every time I start a new Birth control pill I get sick to the stomach. So this must be the case. I love it 's convenience. I have no other side effects.
Took the gentle laxative on Thursday at noon and it 's now Saturday at 7:40 am and I 'm still sick to my stomach. It didn 't work until around midnight Friday morning when I woke from a dead sleep from the unbearable stomach pain. Finally after sitting on the pot forever I went. It was not any better. I was still in a horrible amounts of pain. I thought I was done after about an hour on and off and laid down and got a little more sleep until 4 am rolled around and I had to go again cause the pain woke me up. This time I went a bunch and also vomited a bit. I NEVER throw up. I will never take this again. It works, but be prepared to feel like you 're in hell and question whether it 's worth it or not.
Of all the biologics , Enbrel is my best compromise.It takes away most of the arthritic symptoms but does not do as well a job on the psoriasis.I think the pharms concentrate of Blocking the T cell when they should work on the overall underlying issue of inflammation.If you can control the whole bodies inflammation, then you 'd go a LONG way to solve numerous so called diseases.
I am currently taking 330 mg capsules after one of my dental implants failed to take and the doc thinks there is an infection.  I don 't know that the medicine is helping that condition, there never has been any pain, swelling or drainage.  However, as many others, the &quot;heartburn&quot; is like I 've never experienced.  I tolerate pain pretty well, but I was on the verge of tears when I climbed into bed one night.  I honestly thought it might be an oncoming heart attack.  I found taking an ibuprofen with the capsule headed off much of the bother.  Saw nothing listed in the side effects list that came with the medicine, but is frequently mentioned here.
I too have used these patches for year, the white ones. They would stay on for hours and hours. Now the new beige thin ones won 't stay on at all. Used one on my wrist, fell off after 45 min of constant pushing it down in place. Use a new one after that....lasted less than 30 min. They have lost a good customer with this &quot;on the cheap&quot; adhesive.
My Grandson was diagnosed with ADD and was placed on Metadate CD which from school reports about behavior in class seems to be helping there. But he does seem to behave some reflex issues being slowed down in sports and acts much more insecure in wanting a constant approval which we are quick to give. 
HOLY BALLS I will never again take this medicine. My first mistake was purchasing this product made by the devil himself. My second was actually using this product. After taking it around 9p.m. it started the calm before the storm. Around 11:30 I began to feel the fires of hell begin to creep inside of me and thus began the uncontrollable BURNING and ITCHING feelings inside of my vag. Holy mother of god. As I read all of the other reviews on this product I realize I have a long road ahead of me.
This pill gave me the worst acne I have ever experienced. I never really had skin problems until I began taking this. I have been on it for 3 months and it has not gotten any better. The only thing this is good for is pregnancy prevention. I 'm switching brands because my skin looks terrible from this.
Started Seasonique about a year and a half ago. Had some spotting for the fist six months and then it tapered off. The first period I had on it was excruciatingly painful. Felt like I was constantly getting stabbed. The first time I felt those cramps I dropped to the floor for a bit. I decided to weather it out and continued taking the pill. Worked great for about a year but then started getting random spotting that lasted for 3 weeks. Have switched to another BCP now. As far as I know, it worked pretty well at preventing pregnancy. I took it around the same time every day. I never really missed any days so I can 't relay any experiences about that.
Just started this experiment this morning. I was prescribed this by my mental health provider of all things. She prescribed it in the form of the two pills instead of the one  marketed for diet. It was cheaper. Way cheaper. Like with my insurance coverage I paid around $4 for both pills. So I was worried about the side effects as most of us were/are. This first day I just feel high. Soooooo. I look forward to the next days to see what happens. I 'm 5 '4&quot; female. 50 years old and weigh 222 lbs. I like to drink and I understand this medication will affect that. It 's actually prescribed for drug abuse and alcohol dependence. Again. I 'll wait and see what happens. I don 't think I 'll try to have a drink while on this medication.
I have read some of the reviews and sort of agree with all of them. I am 20 years old and a first time user of birth control. I did not want to gain any weight and my doctor assured me that this was the best one to be on. I am on my second pack and I feel like I have gained a whole other person and my breasts feel and look enormous. I eat healthy and I exercise constantly. The best part is that I was not in any type of pain whatsoever when I got my last period. I think I will stick with it for another month or so to see if I gain anymore or see any other effects.  But I do agree everyones body is different. 
I have been taking Effexor 150mg for about 5 months now. When starting this medication, I had a lot of side effects including insomnia, nausea, and severely dry mouth and very low sex drive. That went away after a couple weeks, but my anxiety hasn 't been controlled as well as I 'd like. I 've had a couple of panic attacks and a lot of general anxiety (some situational and some not). I would probably like to consider switching to some other medication but I am scared to because of the horror stories of withdrawl symptoms.  I was previously taking Celexa for 10 years which never worked the same once I restarted it after having a baby.
Aside from the hot flashes in the first month or two the medication has improved my fibromyalgia pain greatly. I have been a huge supporter of it and recommended it to everyone I know who had fibro.  In the past 2 weeks I have been feeling extremely bloated, too full to eat even on an empty stomach and having bouts of IBS worse than before the medication.  Today I am cutting my pill in half and hoping to see this recent side effect will go away.  I don 't want to go back to the constant pain and weakness I had before but can 't go on with feeling miserable either. I 've been on it eight months.
I am 46 and have suffered heavy periods for a couple of years, becoming anemic and generally unhappy. Fibroid removal did not work, and my physician suspects andenomyosis. I had a Mirena IUD placed to try to stem the heavy bleeding. I had read all these stories and went in fully informed. I was bound-and-determined to come back and post my success story. Unfortunately, I didn 't have the chance. Slowly over a couple days I started to feel and see the strings come out further and further. Two weeks to the day after insertion, the Mirena IUD was expelled.  I read later on the internet that in women for whom the Mirena is placed the expulsion rate is 13-15%.
Dizziness and insomnia for the first few days of titration pack.  Then more side effects as I jumped to 50mg.  No sleep.  But no pain either.  Haven 't felt this normal in years.
Day 21 on Chantix.  Smoke free since day 6, so I 'm on day 15 without a smoke.  Still have to patch-up to deal with the cravings; they just have not stopped. No stress just my head is missing something.  Smoked for 9 years and really want to stop.  Don 't feel any different.  Just wish the craving would stop.  I figured the Chantix alone would be enough to knock out the cravings.  I go as long as I can without a patch but have to slap one on when the feeling is too tense.  Going well other than that. Saved a lot on money which is good cause Chantix and patches cost just as much.
Whenever I have a panic attack I have taken the 5mg dose and it seems to relieve the overwhelming feeling and I ca relax enough to re-group.
I have been a pack a day smoker for about 10 years now. I am on day 5 of chantix, so far I 've had strange dreams, trouble sleeping, nausea, and mild depression. The only thing it has done for me so far as far as not wanting to smoke is make me very sick to my stomach and a horrible taste. I smoke a little less than normal but hopefully it 's just because I 'm just starting!!! Everybody please keep your fingers crossed for me!!!
I started hydroxychloroquine (200mg 2xdaily) Feb 2015. It is now May 2015 and I feel no relief. My rheumy keeps trying to taper me off prednisone but as soon as I get off I flare up again. I 'm currently pregnant with twins so my options for treatment are pretty limited. Obviously everyone is different but this drug has not given me any relief at all. Dr will be starting me on methotrexate after pregnancy. I 'm 28 diagnosed Nov 14
I have had reflex sympathetic dystrophy syndrome for 11 years and I now take 2400mg of Neurontin a day with very little side effects. I would rate it a 6/10.
The first time I took Wellbutrin I was in the hospital for major depression, suicidal ideation and a nervous breakdown. After trying the typical Zoloft, Paxil and others the Drs. were running out of options. A new Dr. on staff gave me Wellbrutin (I dont remember the dose) and I instantly was transported to a state I can only describe as ecstacy. Unfortunately this lasted only one day probably because of my &quot;virgin&quot; brain. But staying on this med. for two years helped me recover my life. I am so grateful. this was 15 years ago and although I still suffer from major depressive disorder I have been able to get a Master 's degree and a new career.
I tried writing my story but that was too many characters, so here 's the pros and cons. Pros: a lot less hassle than a pill, free with insurance, very predictable periods (about 3 days after I would take the ring out)Cons: it felt like it was slipping out all the time after a couple months(which it was), my boyfriend could feel it during sex, and the biggest con/ the reason I stopped using it: depression. (i know that it was due to the pill because there were no other factors that would make me feel the way I did)
This works well on arthritis and gout and I only take when I need it. You can buy this OTC as naproxen it is fairly cheap this way. I always have something in stomach before taking.
I started trinessa 5 months ago, for the second time. First when I was 20yrs old, it worked great. Now I 'm 31, started again to prevent pregnancy and just feel pain on my breast, (around my nipples) also my sex live has decrease with my partner. My mood has also changed. I 'm debating whether I should stop the pill or not.
Seemed to clear up my infection, but started feeling nauseous the next day.  Steadily got worse each day.  On the fourth day developed a severe headache but slept it off.  Doctor instructed me to stop taking it.  Experienced severely high blood pressure.  Also made my abdominal muscles feel weak
Had a horrific cough and very bad sinus infection on day 2 I went to the ER due to problems breathing , Dr prescribed Tessalon &amp; Antibiotic . I have been taking the Tessalon 100 mg for 3 xs a day and it has stopped the cough some , but still very congestited and feeling very little relief on that part.
I was told that I had to get two shots or else it could be potentially dangerous to be taken off of the shot. Three months later and a ton of anxiety attacks and bleeding, I 'm in the office going back on my pill. The worst thing I could 've ever possibly done to myself was this shot.
I have been taking Belviq now for 9 days.  I started off at 235 now I am at 228.  I get headaches every now and then, I am really thirsty and my back hurt yesterday for about an hour.  I sleep all night, but it feels more like I am blacked out, or maybe just sleeping harder than usual.  I am focused more and have more energy to get things done.  So far so good, let 's see how it works next week.
I started taking Invokana about 2 weeks or so ago.  I have been Type 2 diabetes for 15 years.  Last year I had to start insulin in addition to the metformin ER and glimiperide I have been taking.  I have been trying desperately to lose weight too.  My doc let me go on phentermine 3 months ago, and I lost 12 lbs in 3 months.  I needed to lose 35-40 more.  My last A1C was 6.9, up from 6.6 the 3 months preceding.  So, doc told me about this new medicine.  She stopped my glimiperide and I still take 2000mg metformin ER (split am/pm) and she cut my insulin to 11 units am, 20units pm.  My sugars have gone up, fasting is now between 124-150 (whereas before they were 90-120), and 2 hrs after I 'm around 178. 
Day 2 I wondered why my feet were stinging and burning when I got ready to go to bed. Now I notice they are stinging again.  I guess three days is enough for me.
I am 63 years old and have BHP which I controlled effectively for several years with Flomax and that family of medicines.  However, about 8 months ago, I began to suffer severe vertigo.  After several thousands of dollars of tests from a variety of specialists, I quit taking Doxazosin and that family of medicines and switched to Avodart.  The vertigo went away within a few days.  It took Avodart about a week to kick in and it is not as effective at improving flow as the others, but I can sleep all night without getting up.  However, as others have noted my libido plummeted to zero and I am not on testosterone replacement.  The two counteract each other and I just need to find the right mix that I am willing to live with.
I have been on Minastrin for about 5 months and have had no real negative physical side effects. My boobs grew a half of a cup side but that was it for physical effects. I did, however, experience emotional and psychological side effects. I noticed that I rarely wanted to leave the house and had no desire to see friends. It made me extremely overdramatic and moody. I just switched to another BC because I was beginning to feel too depressed. I 'm not certain that this depression is coming from Minastrin but it began around the time I started this pill.
Worst experience took it at night and now woke up nauseous and can 't sleep going back to my medication that worked for me for years.
I have an oily face and bad acne usually around once a month. I started applying Epiduo every night, and saw results immediately. My face was clear and non-oily. Then within a couple days, my face became over dry and it hurt and burned to put it on at night. It was miserable but only lasted the 1st week. My face then returned to it 's normal oily level, but while also having the roughness of dry skin and peely skin in some spots. My face was also extremely red and sensitive, and my acne was much worse. After about 1 month, I decided to stop using it every night and only apply it on acne when needed and it is so much better this way. Face is no longer overly sensitive and red. Side note, this does bleach towels/pillowcases/etc.
I can barely apply this by myself to my Vag (with a mirror &amp; carefully so not to get it on other skin areas), how am I supposed to apply to anus without getting on skin around warts?! I 'm single &amp; there is NO friend I feel close enough to ask for help. I can 't go to the Dr for application 3x a week. WTH? How are you guys applying to your own bum?! I 'm scared &amp; this sucks.
As a medical doctor with a practice specializing in the management of acute and chronic pain I find, from experience, that this medicine has sufficient pain relieving attributes but in return comes with a high risk of dependency.
Initially it seemed to work wonders, but I cough when I really do not need to do so. I cannot get any sleep, I am nervous, and I been thinking I am going nuts!! I am stopping it immediately. It clears up the mucus but the side effects are horrible.
I 've been using it for a while, it helps with some of the depression side.
Started May 3rd and the sides effects, nausea, tiredness, and lack of energy almost made me stop. I am getting slightly better on day 3 so I 'll continue for now. I am diabetic so I realized I have to eat to keep my blood sugar on even scale (I wasn 't hungry so I didn 't eat) I haven 't weight myself. Starting weight 218 lbs.
Yes, It works! However, the side effects are horrible. Light-headed and majorly dizzy, to the point where I was very uncomfortable driving.  This is the 2nd time I 've used it and the same results each time.  Caused me to call out of work for a whole week until the side affect were gone.
Have been on 30mgs Cymbalta for about 3 months to treat major depression and fibromyalgia. Have previously taken just about every antidepressant on the market with no real difference to my mood. Have tried to come off antidepressants but without success. My experience with Cymbalta is it has been highly effective in treating joint and back pain but the side effects I am experiencing are so bad that I am seeing my GP today to request help in switching to something else. Side effects include:sweats for the first few weeks, nausea for the first few weeks, increased energy levels, headaches/migraines on waking, dry skin, dry eyes and sharp pain in eyes, itchy palms and feet, constant phantom smell of strong, cloying perfume, severe constipation.
After my period was over, I had unprotected sex with my boyfriend, he never finished inside of me, and within 20 hours took the pill as a safety measure . A few days later (4/5 days) I got my period again or irregular vaginal bleeding, what ever it was.  I don 't know if that was suppose to be my period or what not, I 'm still waiting anxiously for my period because I 'm pretty sure that slip period/irregular vaginal bleeding messed it up so it could come in another week - but it is worry some, I don 't want to be pregnant. 17 is not old enough to be a mother
I was prescribed Celexa and Ativan for severe anxiety. I was told to take Celexa 20mg in the morning as soon as I got up, and take Ativan 3x a day. So far so good if you want to ZERO emotions. I work in a high stress job and and can 't be a zombie all day so I quit taking the Ativan. Seems as though the Celexa is doing its job pretty well. I 'm able to function at work, just a bit lethargic. tomorrow will be 1 week, and the Dr said it will take up to a month to receive the full benefits, Fingers crosses!
did anyone else produce a horrific smell after getting kyleena? I 've never had a bad smell and have always taken care of myself, but now that I 've been bleeding consistently, there is a horrible smell
Well I have been taking Campral for two weeks now I have not noted any difference I still drink the same amount of beer each day the only thing I have found is I tend to sleep longer in the morning and Find it hard to get motivated.
I found that I agree with the descriptions on here of the taste, this stuff is totally vile and I could not find a way to make it taste better. I took the first bottle around 5:30 and it was almost impossible to get down, I started having bad nausea and chills but thankfully I didn 't throw it up. It started work with 15 minutes and continued for about 2.5 hours. I took the second dose at 3am and this did not go so well. I tried using a straw this time to deal with the taste but it didn 't really help. After finishing the solution I felt very nauseous but I thought I could manage it. Unfortunately at about the 1 hour mark I was hit with a horrible wave of nausea and projectile vomited the suprep plus all of the water I had drank.
Yes it 's effective, however, the taste is so putrid. I threw up after taking the final sip of my first round last night. It is 6:30am and I 'm working on the 2nd round. My head is killing me. There has to be a better way to do this. My stomach is making crazy noises. Scopes scheduled for 12:50 this afternoon, it 's gonna be a long day!!
I had the Nexplanon put in on March 2014. When I first got it in it felt like my nerves were being pinched whenever I would bend my arm. On top of that, I had horrible mood swings and heavy periods that would last up to 3 weeks. Now that I 'm onto my second year I have a lot of random spotting, I 've lost my sex drive, and I gained a lot of weight. Had to go on this BC because I 'm really bad with pills and it seemed really nice because I wouldn 't have to worry about it after getting it out in. Still not too sure how I feel about it. I know some girls who 've been on it for years with no problems. But the fact that my periods came back makes me worry that it 's becoming less effective.
Very slight nausea feeling when I take it, but I learned to avoid it by taking it just before I go to sleep. It makes my breast swollen which looks good, but feels horrible. It 's fairly painful. It causes me to sweat more then normal and causes excessive vaginal lubrication to the extreme. Some people my not mind, but when it 's so noticeable you feel like you peed yourself and you no longer have friction during intercourse to the point of embarrassment  (a problem I 've never had).  I never got pregnant so that 's a plus.
I 've had this for about 4 months now and its stopped my periods completely, I love it as a form of birth control but the main down side is the weight gain. I was 10 and a half stone on the pill before this, now I 'm nearly 12 stone in 4 months and have horrible purple stretch marks on my stomach all over. Never had stretch marks on my stomach in my whole life. Like I said I love this as a form of birth control, especially since its stopped my periods but I can 't deal with this weight gain. I 'm exercising more and eating healthier and still the stretch marks come.
I have been on nearly every sleep drug on the market, and like the rest I don 't find these work at all! My doctor has bumped me up to 5 5mg pills a night and nothing!!
I 've only been on falmina for 3 months and I 'm on the fence about it. I 'm having abnormal periods. They last almost two weeks now. My period comes the last week of the active pills and will last almost all 14 days. Acne hasn 't been that bad so far but the nausea is pretty terrible. Doctor said to give it at least 6 months so we will see.
First off it is really unfair of me to &quot;rate&quot; this medication.  I have just started on it.  Low dose of 100mg 2 times a day and 200mg at bed time.   I have decided to comment is I had a good discussion with my Pharmacist about this prior to taking it. I have mild Cerebral Palsy (have since birth 53 years ago) and various other spine problems.  Most recently and MRI showed that I have bone spurs on my L3, L4 and L5, with the L5 pushing on the nerve.. thus Sciatic pain down my right side... extreme much of the time. My  Pharmacist said not to expect this medication to work over night.  In fact he stated I was on a low dose and it was best to increase it gradually likely 4 months!  I will keep you posted!
I 've had nexplanon for 6 months. The insertion was fine. No pain and very little bruising. I got my period on time a month after it was inserted and it has not stopped. I was put on the pill for two months to get the bleeding to stop and it worked but now it is back again. I can handle the bleeding, it&rsquo;s not a big deal to wear a liner every day. The problem I have is that I have no sex drive and I have become very depressed. I 'm looking to have this removed ASAP. I never became pregnant but that&rsquo;s probably just because I was so miserable and bloody that no one wanted to touch me LOL.
It is too expensive and the Amgen company will not help low income people.  The private foundations are out of funding.  It is not good.
Perhaps the lack of eating too much contributes to some of the good results. People underestimate the importance of good diet and activeness!
This medicine was the best thing that ever happened to me. That is, during the short amount of time that it actually did work. The side effects and it 's ability to keep me awake came on hard and strong. I was emotionally unstable for about 3 days but that passed quickly. Then I was off to bigger and better things. I was busy all the time and started accomplishing things. I also started to lose a little weight and morphed into this social butterfly. It was awesome. Then it started to level off and before I knew it, I was napping again and back to my usual depressed self. Doctor kept upping the dosage til I got to the highest dosage twice a day and it still didn 't work. So I 've been taken off Nuvigil and am moving onto some other ADHD meds.
This medication will take a cough away but I didn 't like the side effects. I normally react great to pain meds but not on this. Couldn 't sleep the first night. Woke up with severe headache. Had to take another dose for this cough and still bad headache. Can see this will turn to a migraine. Was so hopeful of this medication.
I 'm 24 years old and have suffered anxiety and Panic disorder now for 2 years. Unfortunately my diagnosis was not made until 6 months ago and before that I was severely stuffed around by the medical profession making my Panic and anxiety that much worse. I 'm on to day 16 of this medication and i 'm hoping it is yet to take full effect. I have definitely noticed an improvement as I haven 't had a full blown attack for 2 weeks however I still think of them and feel them coming on daily, this may well be a habitual thing though and from what I 've read it can take 4-6 weeks so i 'm feeling hopeful. I had all the side effects but these were easy compared to the panic attacks I was experiencing. I 'll check in soon to see if that switch has flicked:)
My boyfriend and I decided to have unprotected sex (stupid idea) we were in the moment you know. This happened around 1am in the morning he came inside me for the first time ever in my life. I took Norlevo 11 hours after this but I 'm so terrified I might be pregnant. I 've used it before and it worked wonders but thing is before he use to pull out or we used condoms and I 've only had unprotected sex with him 3 times the third being last night 29/12/16. I 'm so terrified as next year I 'm starting law school and he 's finishing his PhD in economics. We 're both just not in a space for a child and if I could turn back time I would but I promise to write another review to let you know my results. 
I started this medication six months ago 10 mg. My anxiety improved quickly and the side effects as well. sadness, stomach burning, nausea,burping, stomach pain etc. I cut it to 5 mg but  still experiencing bad side effects. I tried to quit and after 10 days my anxiety came back with vengeance and I was forced to go back to 5 mg. My doctor says that it is up to me. Now I 'm stuck and more confused. If I take it then my side effects bother me a lot and if I quit then my anxiety kills me.
I have taken up bike riding on a serious note of late.  I have at the same time been having increasing difficulties maintaining an erection. I am 55 with heretofore an active sex life.  Over the past two years the dysfunction has become progressively worse. Today I used this medicine for the first time. I have had a prescription for a month. The directions call for three 20 mg pills one hour prior. I took one as a first try. I and my partner were very pleased with the results. The resulting erection  was normal natural for a man my age. I will report later if going up in dosage changes anything. But I am happy with the results.Side effect sniffles for a half hour.
Singulair is an effective medicine -- but can have significant side effects.  I experience a foggy head and depressed mood.  I have also experienced muscle cramps in my back while on this.  I have noticed in reading through the comments that quite a few people are suffering with some for of side effect from this medicine.  One recommendation:  I talked to my doctor about cutting he dose in half, from 10 mg to 5 mg.  I now take a childrens 5 mg tablet.  I still get relief but don 't experience the same level of side effects.
Hi. I just started the treatment an hour ago with 0.60mg dosage and I haven 't felt anything yet.It took me half an hour to do the injection as I was afraid it would hurt.. but honesty I didn 't feel anything..I will keep you posted on a weekly basis..I am now 230lb pounds.. and just had a good dinner...
I 've had diverticulitis for 2 years but my recent honeymoon to Japan brought it out bad.   For 8 days I suffered until I came home.The Dr put me on this and bactim ds.  I feel like trash daily and it 's day 3 now, I 'm not sure how much longer I can deal with the all day headaches, the emotional rollercoaster I 'm on or the stiff neck. I also get dizzy and lightheaded a lot.   And yet I still have the pain in my lower left side.   Tomorrow I 'm begging for augmentin I can 't ride this out.  It 's too much stress
I 've been taking abilify on and off for about eight years. I feel so flat. I use to be a go getter not anymore. I feel lazy with the abilify and lamictal combo. What should I do. I feel emotionally flat and people say I look lifeless.
I was diagnosed with severe depression and anxiety just under 10 weeks ago.  I didn 't sleep for 11 nights which made my symptoms unbearable. My brain just wouldn 't switch off &amp; I was in a really dark place. I was put on 15mg of mirtazapine, it knocked me out at night but I felt worse, spaced out &amp; suicidal &amp; still did after 5 weeks. My gp swapped me to trazodone....I 'm on 200mg &amp; it does nothing to help me sleep. I have to take a 7.5mg zopliclone tablet as well each night just to get some rest. My mood has been a little better since taking trazodone but it 's even worse when I can 't sleep. My GP isn 't happy so far with the results from trazodone, 5 weeks on, so may swap me to fluoxetine after giving it another 2 more weeks.
I 'm ADHD and for as long as I can remember I have had problems with insomnia. I have taken ambien off and on for years ad well as other OTC sleep meds and lunesta. My psych gave me some sample packs of Belsomra to try..... not sure what the heck its made of. Took maybe 30ish minutes before I started to feel tired. Went to bed and fell asleep in about 40 minutes. What was weird is I had several periods of being &quot;asleep&quot; but my mind was completly awake and it was really hard to move.... I dunno. Other than that I slept well and I slept in by two hours however, all day today I have felt drugged and sedated, foggy. I took the 20mg so maybe I should try a lower dose if I try it again.
We tried this for my daughter when she suddenly started getting migraines every day. Migraines down to 2 per week and less severe but when we tried increasing the dose side effects became intolerable: doesn 't help her sleep at night yet makes her very tired all day, have to force her to eat, her legs tingle all the way up to her hip. She also has nightmares,  and vivid dreams, even during the day. That was the last straw and we 'll be trying something else. Real shame because we think it was helping.
The first two years on 100 mg were ok with a very rough 3 month adjustment period of feeling emotionally and physically completely wacked out. After two years I started feeling menopausal symtoms of brain fog again so started taking 200 mg. This is my second month, emotional roller coaster angry outbursts, racing heartbeat, no sleep! I am giving it another month to see if things Will get to normal like before. Maybe I have to go through this every several years, part of getting older.
Initially I was excited to use this birth control. It was paid for 100% by my insurance. Lasts 3 years, no chance of user error, it sounded like the real deal. I immediately had terrible acne breakouts (face, chest, back), emotional changes, intense hunger, and reduced sex drive. I thought I 'd wait and see if anything improved. After a year, my acne isn 't quite as bad, but I 've gained 15 pounds and my sex drive is still low. I am getting it out this week and going back to Nuvaring. I did enjoy not getting a period for a year, and not having to remember to take anything was convenient. However, I 'm getting married this summer. I don 't want people staring at my acne and excess weight! I want them gone.
I am a small girl 20 years old I weigh about 115 lbs and since I started 7 days ago all I can think about is food.. I eat allllll the time which isn 't necessarily a bad think considering my weight and I wanted to gain a little but I swear food is the single thing on my mind and I don 't feel hunger pain at all.. other than that I haven 't noticed any other side effects.
I have been using Forteo for 6 months now.  I am 60 years old and have had osteoporosis of my hips since I was 50.  Other medicines did not help and after I fell this past summer and broke my left hip the doctor suggested Forteo advising me that it was the best and that studies have shown that after treatment is finished bone will be back to normal.  
Depo was fantastic at doing what it was intended to do - control birth. However, I was on this for 4 years and gained at least 20 pounds. I was also bipolar and cried over everything. On the plus side - I only had my period 4 times a year right around the time of my next injection.
These things knocked me out I want help with muscle spasms but not to the point of being unconscious
I found it helpful initially but after a couple of months it did nothing for my pain or movements.
I 've been using it for a month and so far I like it. I switched from Mononessa because Mononessa was making me break out and I still would bleed heavily on it. My doctor switched me and now my periods are so so light. My first period on it started a couple of days ago and I was actually scared that it was implantation bleeding because it was so light. My acne has decreased so that is definitely a bonus. I do feel like my breasts are bigger (and being only 120lbs this was a plus for me). There is one thing I 'm worried about. My weight fluctuates between 117-123... I have felt like my lower abdomen is full but not bloated. I 'm active but the full feeling in the bladder makes me feel a little self conscious. Maybe that will go away soon though.
I 've been taking this medication for almost two years. Since on it, I 've become a completely different person. I am so happy to be me. The only problems with it that I am starting to realize is that I grind my teeth at night and I 've gained 10 pounds since starting it. I exercise and eat right too. It 's a constant struggle just to lose a few pounds. Then again some people lose weight on it and some people notice no change in their weight.
I started using Depo-Provera middle of January 2014 it has been a month and I haven 't had a period. I have severe breast ache on my left breast and sometimes I may get cramps. I sleep all the time and I am always tired and on edge. I have control on the way I feel and I am grateful for the injection as I forget to take my pills.
Switched to Abilify from a high dose of Risperdal. Weight gain much less of an issue with Abilify, but drowsiness, depression and lethargy are a problem. Does not help with any negative symptoms. Abilify maintains a mental state with minimal psychotic symptoms for me, but also causes lactation and motivational problems.
I was prescribed Bactrim DS 2x a day for 10 days to clear a urinary tract infection. I was having nausea, acid reflux and intestinal/digestive issues that felt like irritable bowel syndrome or Stomach Flu by the 3rd day. After the 5th day I decided to stop taking it and the infection is gone along with all side effects. I am glad I decided to stop taking it, it seems Bactrim DS 2x a day was a bit too much for me.
Chateal is the first birth control pill I 've tried, the brand chosen for me by the clinic I went to. Everything seemed fairly normal and predictable within the first month. Then in the second month I began to experience side affects: lethargy/&quot;over-tiredness&quot;, and severe mood swings. I 'm already a very emotional person, so I quickly became overwhelmed (as did my poor boyfriend) and decided to quit before the end of the second month. In the days that followed I experienced an ordinary period and an improvement on my mood and energy level. Chateal kept me from getting pregnant, but I really couldn 't handle the side affects. My advice would be to just listen to your body and be thorough when looking for the pill that 's right for you
This medication seems to help the pain, but causes upset stomach and ringing in ears.
I started Byetta 5mg in January and then upped to 10mg in February.  I 'm on my second month at 10mg.  Unfortunately, this drug has not worked for me.  I will not continue after this month 's pen is done.  It did NOTHING for my blood sugar numbers.  I 'm also on Metformin and Glipizide.  It did help control my appetite but only enough to lose about 8 lbs total.  I also didn 't really experience bad side effects.  Some occasional nausea, mostly if I didn 't eat within 40-60 min of injection.  I sometimes wondered if I had too much belly fat for the medicine to work properly but I 'm not comfortable injecting my thigh or arm.  I truly wanted this to work as wonderfully for me as it did others.  Sadly, it has not.
I have Fibromyalgia and was prescribed this to help with the pain.  It didn 't work well at all.  Carisoprodol is a much better muscle relaxant.  I also take Tylenol w/ Codeine #3 which also helps.
Took metformin when I was first diagnosed back in 2011, it worked fine at first. Since 2012 I 've noticed increased hair breakage and loss. Finally this year I stopped taking it. Like I said it was great in the beginning but in the end I 'm dealing with bald patches and trying to get my hair to grow back.
I gave Levora a 5 out of 10 only because for the the five years I 've been taking it, it has served its purpose. I have not become pregnant, I 've had lighter, shorter periods, no acne (but this was never a problem for me) and only minimal weight gain. Other than that I have to agree with most of the other reviews on this page that my sex drive has decreased significantly and I have become overly emotional. I started taking the pill right out of college soon after I met my husband (before we were married). Before the pill I had no issues with sex, dryness, desire, etc. but we 've been struggling with it for the 5 years we 've been together. After I finish this month 's pills, I will be trying a new pill. 
It is effective alright, but at what cost.  I have taken polyethelene glycol off and on for two years.  After several weeks not taking the drug, I did so for two days and had a severe reaction:  my lips are swollen and itchy, very uncomfortable.  What is distressing is that the pharmacist insisted there was no down side to this drug whatsoever and I could take it indefinitely.  Since then I have done more research and realize the danger of taking this drug, it is not benign and potentially destructive.  I think that &quot;side effects&quot; are greatly minimized by doctors who spend little time even learning about the side effects of various drugs.  Once prescribed we become guinea pigs.
Have found it impossible to orgasm on this medication, and I will be in the middle of sex and suddenly loose all drive. It helps with everything else, but I 'm in my prime. I miss the crazy sex I used to have.
I feel that I have had ADHD all my life, but I was only officially diagnosed when I was 17. I have been on Vyvanse for close to 6 years now and I can say that in the beginning it worked just how I hoped it would. It gave me energy and the ability to focus and get things done that I needed to. I started off on one 30 mg pill a day but I feel that I quickly built up a tolerance to it. I am now on two 50 mg pills (100mg) a day and it still doesn 't have the effect that it used to on me. That is just one of a few things that I don 't like about it. I feel like it worked for a short amount of time, but now it 's just a pill that I can 't get out of bed in the morning without taking. My depression has also worsened because of it I feel.
I have been on these tablets for 3 days now, for border line personality. I 've been so tired after I take the 100mg at night but my anger is still a problem, and I 'm feeling a tiny bit less like I 'm lonely and no one understands me and my emotions. But honestly not much of a change. I just still don 't know if my life 's going to get any better.
This product is okay.  I have never gotten pregnant, but experienced bleeding.  I previously had Ortho-tri Cyclen.  No complaints.
On Effexor for 14 years.  150 milligrams daily of the IR not the XR so I was taking 75mg 2 times per day.  In retrospect, the medicine worked for me for about a year and the other 13 were just maintenance years.  I also found since titrating from 150mg down to 9.75 mg that I feel human again.  Effexor solved zero problems for me and it simply numbed me to feeling strong emotion.  I also dropped 36 pounds since coming off of this medicine and feel a heck of a lot better.  I have been titrating since July of 2015 and my last titration to zero will be in 2 weeks.  As stated before, this stuff doesn 't solve problems, it just numbs human emotion.  Me, like many other folks need to learn how to accept our emotions.  The answer isn 't always a drug
I was diagnosed with Idiopathic Hypersomnia and was prescribed nuvigil. I started with 150mg. The 1st week was great, I felt like I had my life back and was enjoying it. The 2nd week wasn 't as good but was better than what it was before. The 3rd week I was fatigued around 2pm and the 4th week I was back to fatigue all day. The Dr. increased my dosage to 200mg. I 've been on that for the past 5 days and I am now back to how I was before. Side effects have been headaches and slight nausea on the 150mg however on 200mg I get extremely nauseous about 12 hours after taking the pill. Waiting for Dr. to call me back.
I used Nizoral for about 8 years.  It was excellent for eliminating dandruff which was a bad problem.  But about one year ago I started having severe itching on my upper back and upper front (chest) area.  It was complete itching so severe that benadryl ointment (over the counter) for poison ivy relief and similar products were needed to calm the itchiness.  Crazy itchiness!  My dermatologist gave me steroid creams for the itching and I requested a biopsy to find out more.  Inflammation showed.  I decided to quit using Nizoral and finally the itching went away mostly.  I use baby shampoo now followed by Head and Shoulders shampoo.  So far so good.  Be warned that you might develop an allergy to Nizoral or the generic years later.
I 've been taking Sotalol for almost 2 years and this pill has drained my energy and I 've gained 20 lbs. I quit taking the medicine 3 days ago as the side effects are horrible.
It was good at first I was taking 40 mg for about 18 weeks and then I got really agitated, angry, violent and hated everything. Overall it is okay for short term.
I take Buspar 5mg twice a day for anxiety. After a week, I will then take Buspar 10mg twice a day. I have only been taking it 4 days now. I also take Paxil 50 mg daily and Adderall 10 mg twice daily. So far I have had no side effects from the Buspar except slight dizziness and lack of appetite. So far those are tolerable.
I have been on Vimpat for about 6 months, adjunct to Zonegran. It has not helped to control my hormonal seizures yet, so my doctor keeps having to increase the dose of Vimpat. However, now I can 't sleep well but feel really drowsy in the morning which doesn 't help me at work, where I need to be very sharp. The worst is the chronic constipation. I am always bloated and have major abdominal discomfort since taking Vimpat.
I am having nightmares, hallucinations, swollen ankles, legs with spots, falling down, sudden sleep, itchy skin,  Also, shock at the fact that the cost went from $7 per 90 tabs to $249 for 180 in just 18 months.  Will not continue due to cost.  This is what I pay after Humana says they pay.  
For years I 've suffered with panic disorder and tried dozens of medications and my doctor recently put me on buspar. The first week I started noticing it was controlling the small panic attacks but not the big ones and if I would stay in one place to long and move from that place I would get extremely dizzy and couldn 't get it to go away without laying down for a few hours so not really up to recommending it to anyone but it might work for you idk.
10 months on 5mg abilify + wellbutrin and lithium. Gained 15-18 pounds. Found out this week that Abilify causes weight gain and it 's the culprit - not an injury I 'd been blaming it on. And I 'd blamed myself and started &quot;disordered eating&quot; out of desperation. It gets rid of my mood swings and crying for no reason. I feel generally good except foggy while at work where I do not enjoy being. Unmotivated at work. Moderately motivated in personal life - better than in years. Absolutely quitting this drug. Now for the withdrawal I wasn 't aware of when I decided to take it... I think this is a dangerous drug for anyone who is prone to weight gain or diabetes. Can 't believe my pdoc didn 't say anything when I complained about weight gain last time.
I 've had migraines since I was 21 (I am now 69).  Absolutely horrible and debilitating migraines sometimes lasting several days.  My neurologist started me on Elavil recently.  I still have head pain but it 's not as severe as it has been.  It is bearable now.  My life is beginning to be something to look forward to; I am even going to visit one of my sons in Arizona, something that I haven 't done for a number of years.
Birth control wise, this pill does the job. At least I assume so. I wasn 't hardly sexually active during my use. I hoped that it would make my cycle more consistent and to help with my acne. My cycle was consistent for the first two months, then my period began to start a week early even though I took the pill at the same time everyday without missing. As for the acne, it 's still the same. The most noticeable thing that has happened is weird weight distribution. I 've lost a few pounds, but have gained chubby cheeks  in turn making people think I 've gained weight. It hasn 't helped with issues I 've wanted to address, but, merely as a birth control regime, it gets things done.
I got this birth control back in September and it left bruising for a while but that went away. I got my October period and I 'm still bleeding and everytime me and my boyfriend have sex, it seems like it will get heavier. I also am starting to break out more than usual. After reading reviews I 'm going to wait a few more weeks and hope the bleeding stops. But as for the pregnancy part, me and my boyfriend have unprotected sex alot and no babies - sex drive has not decreased one bit.
I have read some of the reviews and sort of agree with all of them. I am 20 years old and a first time user of birth control. I did not want to gain any weight and my doctor assured me that this was the best one to be on. I am on my second pack and I feel like I have gained a whole other person and my breasts feel and look enormous. I eat healthy and I exercise constantly. The best part is that I was not in any type of pain whatsoever when I got my last period. I think I will stick with it for another month or so to see if I gain anymore or see any other effects.  But I do agree everyones body is different. 
Started taking this pill yesterday (11/19/17) and about 2 hours after taking it felt extremely nauseous and tired. Came home and took a nap. Felt better when I woke up. Definitely noticed a difference in appetite. Wasn 't hungry for anything. In the evening, I did recognize the cravings were coming back, but I steered clear of sweets. Woke up today with a horrible headache, not sure if it 's related or not, but leery to take contrave again today because of headache. Will update later. But so far it is reducing cravings and can tell when it wears off. I 'm sure when I ramp up to pills in afternoon, it won 't wear off.
I 've found this product helps to shrink the nasal passages to relieve some of the pressure, but not the headache the build up causes.  They should consider including acetometophine (sp?) for the PAIN that the built up pressure can cause.  In addition to taking the Alavert-D, I have to also take 2 Tylenol for the pain in order to get relief.  Even with taking the Alavert-D and the pressure being released, the pain does not subside unless I take something for it.
Day 21 on Chantix.  Smoke free since day 6, so I 'm on day 15 without a smoke.  Still have to patch-up to deal with the cravings; they just have not stopped. No stress just my head is missing something.  Smoked for 9 years and really want to stop.  Don 't feel any different.  Just wish the craving would stop.  I figured the Chantix alone would be enough to knock out the cravings.  I go as long as I can without a patch but have to slap one on when the feeling is too tense.  Going well other than that. Saved a lot on money which is good cause Chantix and patches cost just as much.
Was diagnosed with Hepc in 2015 and started harvoni a few months later... shortly after starting I experienced hair loss, severe depression... skin issues, severe dehydration even though I was drinking tons of water also memory issues.  When I reported this I was told these were not reported side effects but if they were would clear up after treatment was over. Well it has been a year and I still have terribly dry skin and feel terrible, muscles aches, tiredness and I was doing half marathons and felt great before. My skin has aged terribly, memory issues, still feel dried out all the time all of which I never had before treatment. Although I am cleared of the virus I wish I had never taken harvoni . I feel it has ruined my life.
I have been using this for about a month and a half. It dry 's my skin out and need to moisturize about 5 times a day opposed to twice. My face will get clear and then break out again. I 'm still waiting on results.
I had this in for about two months, at which point I started experiencing horrible headaches. I had a migraine once, too. This happened for about a week straight. That combined with the almost constant fatigue (two naps a day sometimes) made me decide to take it out. It also killed my sex drive, but I kind of expected that.
Seroquel XR definitely helped me with my moods and rapid cycling. But.... gave it away because I was forever hungry. I lost all internal compass on whether or not I required food. Which is scary for me because I 've always been normal weight and relied upon internal hunger cues to direct my eating. These cues were lost on seroquel. I wanted to eat all the time! I put myself on a strict diet yet the weight still kept creeping on. In my opinion, seroquel lowers the metabolism. Such that you 'd have to restrict your calorie intake quite seriously. I 'm going to try Latuda instead as it 's a &quot;weight neutral&quot; preparation.
I 've been on microgestin for about four months and wanted to look up what other people have said about the drug because of potential side effects I 've seen. I 've gained a solid five pounds since I 've been on the pills that I 'm having a lot of trouble shaking. Thats after being at the same weight for the three years. I also have zero sex drive, which is annoying as hell. I 'm on the pill to not get pregnant, but if I don 't want to have sex when I 'm on the pill what 's the freaking point?I 've had really bad mental and emotional reactions to other birth control pills so I 'm sensitive to that issue but have not experience it on this pill. Still adjusting and haven 't gotten into a period cycle on these yet, but I 've had no period on others befor
I have been on Tivicay for close to 4 weeks now. I was previously taking Atripla for about 5 years and we switched to Tivicay. I have not been feeling so well on this. I experience headaches frequently, faintness, and moments of memory loss. I am switching this medicine as soon as possible
I 'm 31yr old fem, and have been taking Buspar for anxiety/panic for three months, and have decided to discontinue. It took roughly 3 weeks before I noticed a difference. I am slower to irritate, less agitated, and can better manage the constant nagging sensation of anxiety. I 've been sleeping better, but really require a full night 's sleep or else I 'm drowsy all day. And I 've been more at ease with new people. These changes have been certainly been positive but minimal. Lately, every day, 2x 's a day about 20 mins after my dose (10mg @ 2/day) I would get a ringing headache, body shocks, and dizziness or nausea. I thought this would go away, but it hasn 't, and it is getting to the point that my anxiety level is increasing.
Was on for 4 months or so... It was ok. I didn 't have any of the &quot;common&quot; side affects and my mood was good. My period was light with minimal cramps and PMS. But-- I lost my libido completely and felt that I gained more weight on my thighs (and cellulite) despite eating healthy and working out-- never had this problem previously. I am having the IUD Skyla put in tomorrow. My doctor said that this should be &quot;it&quot;. Minastrin may work for other women but the no sex drive and Weight gain was enough for me to throw in the towel.
I took this for cirhosis. The milk thistle improved my enzyme levels on blood tests, but not by a huge degree.  It seems to slow the progression of liver disease in many cases.  It is no cure, but a helpful treatment, especially when combined with folic acid and NAC.
Though not indicated in the literature, I found that a few days after starting the Vimpat titration kit I began to experience extreme soreness in the legs.  It may not have been from the medication but I had not done any physical activity that would have caused such soreness in the muscles in my legs and lower extremities. Though I cannot say for certain that it was a side effect of taking Vimpat it does seem that the symptoms only emerged a couple of days after beginning the titration kit of Vimpat 50 mg twice a day leading to Vimpat 100mg twice a day. I am interested in sharing this to see if anyone else has had similar experiences because this is not a symptom listed in the medicine guide or any other lists of side effects of Vimpat.
Been taking for 10 mths. I went from every 15 min. urges to (on average) 1.5-2.0 hrs. It 's much better, yes. But even though, getting up 4-5 times a night is not ideal. Side effects: 2 nose bleeds so far after 6 mth mark. No big deal. Constipation, (can be taken care of with stool softeners, when needed) had dry mouth, but has subsided almost completely. During the few weeks of taking this medication symptoms seemed to get worse. But it got much better after 6-8 weeks. I take it at 6-7pm. Doesn 't make me sleepy or keep me awake. I hope to God, there will be another drug in the near future that will be better than what 's out there now, and hopefully less expensive.
Kept my schizophrenia in check but way too sedating. Gained 20 pounds in 6 months, hard to wake up in morning, going to try something else.
Took Percocet for 3 days after losing a couple of finger tips to a slamming door.  It certainly helped with the pain, but made me nauseous, dizzy and drowsy. I had to lie down most of the time I took this drug. I got off it as soon as I could.
18 year old female. I have suffered acne since I was about 10 or 11. Got prescribed minocycline 50mg once a day in November 2014. Didn 't see any difference after a month, so I started taking 2 a day, worked WONDERS! It was absolutely amazing, used in combination with Benzac, my skin was so so clear I loved it. I think I stopped taking it around June 2014 and my skin stayed clear apart from the additional break out here and there. Fast forward September 2014 and my acne had come back, worse than ever. Absolutely everywhere, and super red. I got prescribed Doxycycline which did nothing after 4 months, and my acne is still terrible. Now I 'm back on minocycline, hopefully it will work again!
I have  Wegener 's granulomatosis (aka granulomatosis with polyangiitis) .Was on Imuram for two years, have to switch to Neoral now. Apparently it 's not working as it should be. Dreading the switch however, because Imuran gave me few to no side effects. Have experienced hair loss after about a year, but could also have a different cause (I take lots of other medication and many non-drug related causes have to be considered as well, eg hormones, stress,...). Also very cheap drug for me, but we have universal health care in Belgium so don 't know of this is also the case elsewhere.
I 'm going to start with the inactive pills tomorrow. I must say that the first week I used Aviane, my face and shoulders broke out terribly. But by the time I reached the middle of 2nd week, the breakouts started to calm down. I still do have pimples right now and discoloration from the breakout it gave me, but my skin is getting better. I noticed that my shoulders aren 't breaking out anymore. I 'm experiencing a loss of appetite so I think that 's whats making me lose weight. Also, I tend to have &quot;gag moments&quot;. I know it 's kind of weird. I think my boobs got a little big too. I guess my body is still adjusting to the hormones I 'm putting in so I 'm just going to be patient about it.
I had a lot more thoughts than usual. Thoughts weren 't so bad. I still felt gloomy and stressed. But horrible withdrawal effects. Upset stomach, headache, nausea.
I have taken Klonopin for 10 years for anxiety. Dr. started me at 0.5mg/day. Because of increased anxiety, my dosage was increased slowly to (3) 2mg doses per day. I was at 6mg/day for several years. It calmed my anxiety and helped me to sleep very well.I went on a 2 day trip 3 years ago and forgot my medication. I was up all night and realized that I was dependent on Klonopin. In the past 3 years I have slowly decreased my dosage to 1mg at night and 1mg in the morning. I have been at this dosage for 1 year. If I forget to take this Klonopin dosage, I get very anxious. I want to decrease dosage more, 1/4 mg at a time. Klonopin absolutely helps with my anxiety, I just didn 't know I shouldn 't have taken the high dosage that I was on.
I loved the thought of not having a period EVERY month, as advertised. It worked great for 6 &amp; 1/2 years. Light spotting when I started back then, and lighter periods and not buying so many tampons was very nice!I got off the pill for 6 months (for financial reasons.)  Decided to go back on it, and now I 'm in month two and on my 11th day bleeding. Started as spotting, then got heavier each day after, &amp; minor clotting. I saw dark brown blood on day 9 of bleeding, thought it was ending, finally, then next day...BAM, back to bright red bleeding again, &amp; HORRIBLE cramping to go with it! I 'm a mess emotionally. It 's like PmS, but not going away once the period starts. I think it 's turned on me. Time for a switch! I can 't affOrd ALL these pads
I started this pill a month ago. After 4 days of taking it, I had a heavy period and terrible cramps that lasted for 5 days. The cramps was gone and the heavy period went away, but after 2 days I had the medium bleeding again and the cramps. It gets worse when exposed to cold or I am cold. I do not know why. I never had this problem before. I 'm am experiencing breasts tenderness and depression. And now I am on my 2nd brown pill and I have cramps and moderate bleeding. I do not know if this is normal but I am still taking it. My sister-in-law said, who is a nurse that this is normal and would normally lasts for 3 mos.
My son is high functioning autistic. His behavior specialist recommend risperdol .05mg daily for my son for aggression and violent out bursts. After being on it for a week we noticed that he is much calmer. We have noticed some side effects such as. Hyper attentiveness, nightmares, muscle spasms and itchiness.
Irbesartan is ok for my blood pressure however it has a lot of side effects, I have tinnitus,muscle and bone aches headaches ,sinus problems,indigestion,ankle swelling and foot pain,blurred vision,head chills,muscle spasms,leg swelling and pain,and a lot more. I 've been on this medication for 20 years its getting worse. Any suggestions on what to take next for blood pressure.
I was on it for over a year. I never got pregnant which is a plus, but horrible side effects. I had yeast infections a least 3 times a month. Gained 30 pounds, headaches &amp; absolutely no sex drive. I switched to the patch, hope it works!
I been drinking the pills for one week already and still haven 't pass my kidney stone.
Had a 7 day prescription of Bactrim DS. The first two days I had a headache, then the 3rd day I started feeling nausea which turned into nausea/dizziness/and constant fatigue. I 've been off the medicine for 36 hours and still feel extremely exhausted, and still dizzy and a little queasy at times. 
I take 50mg 3 x day. Total 150mg. I 'm bipolar and take other medicines that causes drowsiness but realized within a couple weeks that this subsides with time. It is nothing like Xanax that knocks you out and Atarax takes a while to start working if you 're in the start of an attack. I didn 't experience any of the antihistamine effect the pill is supposed to provide. I will ask for a different medication to manage my anxiety.
This drug sort of helps with hot flashes -- diminished them by about 75%.  HOWEVER, the person who designed the packaging for this drug needs to be fired.  I think that most of the expense for this product comes from the overdone packaging alone.  The capsules are difficult to get out of the blister packaging.  The cardboard wrapping is excessive and impossible to open without the help of scissors and a box cutter!!  Terrible, terrible, terrible....
I am 21 years old and I got my mirena inserted July 2nd because my gyno recommended it to me instead of pill birth control. I didn 't take any medicine since I didn 't have any on me but I did experience a terrible cramp feeling when I had it inserted. I took Advil for the next 48 hours. I still experience cramps every day but it 's not unbearable. I am hoping it goes away soon. My period is gone but I have been spotting a tiny bit, nothing crazy. After hearing all these crazy stories I am getting a little nervous about this. I will right again in a week or so.
I am about to get my second dose of Botox and very scared to do so.  Three months ago I received my first dose.  It was very painful and took 3 1/2 weeks for the pain to go away, the pain was very extreme.  The Dr. said the shots were suppose to ease the pain, well that was not the case.  He explained that the next round of shots might be worse since he knows I have bad reactions to it and asked me if I wanted to bare that pain.  After reading reviews I decided to go ahead with the dose in November even though I am scared but according to y 'all it only gets better.  Hoping for the best.
Good mostly for pain that keeps you awake, not something to take daily.
I was given this medication after a series of painful surgeries.  I took 100 mg every 4-6 hours for pain.  This medicine did relieve all of my pain.  It made me a bit itchy.  The problem came when I tried to get off of it 3 days ago.  I 'm having SEVERE anxiety, which I 've never had before.  My doctor said its withdrawal symptoms.  I pray I get over this feeling soon. 
Caused mania, but otherwise no other symptoms. Did help with depression, but had to stop taking it.
I got my Mirena IUD in October and I was super excited about it. The pain getting it in was pretty mild but my biggest problem is bleeding. I haven 't had a period since before I started mirena but since I 've started I 've been bleeding for a least a month straight I get more intense headaches really bad cramping in a serious loss of appetite
I 'm 25, never had kids and I got my Skyla inserted on Jan 6 2016. Insertion was PAINFUL (but you can do it). That only lasts a couple of minutes which is good. The worst was the aftermath. I was hot, sweaty, in pain to where I couldn 't move, thought I was going to vomit or pass out. They had to give me crackers and juice to stop me from shaking and sat me in a recliner with a heating pad. This helped A LOT but I still had to get someone to pick me up. I was better a few hours later but still crampy. The most annoying part after the first day was the spotting. But now I think I 'm on my actual period (the bleeding is heavier) and the cramps are NO JOKE - definitely worse than before. I hope this subsides soon. I can 't lie I 'm nervous for sex.
I took Neurontin (Gabapentin) for three months as a treatment for chronic pain following a herniated lumbar disc a year and a half ago.  Anti-inflammatories and other medicines such as Oxycodone, Tramadol, etc. had minimal effect.After increasing my dosage over the course of three weeks, Neurontin completely eliminated the pain.  However, I gained weight rapidly (nearly 20 pounds in 2 months), retained a tremendous amount of water, to the point where my jewelry wouldn 't fit and my shoes were very tight, and the constipation was awful and even laxatives didn 't help.  Also, I was fatigued all the time.  Unfortunately, the side effects were just too much for me.  I still haven 't found a good replacement medicine for the pain.  All the side effects!
My mom start taking this medicine since last week and has started coughing. Her doctor had to switch her from Hyzaar to this medicine as her insurance no longer covered Hyzaar.
I switched to TriNessa after being on a lower estrogen pill for three months. The previous pill caused some irregularity in my periods. TriNessa did regulate my period. But the improvements in my acne on the other pill unraveled a bit. I get acne just like I did before ever going on birth control. Sex drive has decreased slightly but nothing detrimental. No weight gain but I do have one terrible evening of nausea once a month during the week before the placebo pills.
Horrible experience.  I 've been spotting consistently since the end of June 2013.  My doctor is putting me back on Tri-Sprintec.
I 've had Nexplanon for four months now. The first six weeks were great with no side effects, but since then I 've had constant bleeding, developed bad acne on my back and chest (no history of acne problems), am tired and forgetful, and my sex drive has decreased. I 've also gained around 5lbs without changing anything else in my lifestyle. I 'm giving this one more month before I go back on the pill.
I started taking Chantix, I was okay. Then; I had the most horrific nightmare about my two twin grandchildren! I also had outrages that still to this day almost ended my marriage! I was not myself. I had to quit taking it.
Take 30 mg/day, helped mildly with my GAD. Did nothing for my social anxiety. I continue to take it because it has no side effects and am told it will help with anxiety I may get from taking Wellbutrim. I have to take Xanax or Clonazepam regularly when having moderate/severe anxiety. Only side effects experienced in the first few days was dizziness and insomnia. I was able to increase my dose within 2 weeks. I am considering increasing my dose of Buspar to see if I just need a higher dose to feel a stronger effect.
I had oral surgery and my doctor prescribed me this and it didn 't touch the pain at all. 
Tonight was only my 4th night on the pill. My doctor has me on 10 mg at night for the first week. So far, the side effects are very uncomfortable. I mostly feel them right after taking my dose. My mouth is so dry, I 'm nauseous, gassy, I can 't sleep and I 'm exhausted. I know the doctor said it could take weeks to work, so I 'm not knocking it yet. Also, some reviews I have read say that some of the side effects disappear and I am certainly counting on that. So far, I haven 't seen much change in my anxiety and hopefully it comes soon.
Started the medicine last night before bed to get it in my system. I experienced nausea, sweating, sleeplessness, dry mouth, a little diarrhea. Didn 't get much sleep so I decided to take in the mornings. Right now I 'm at work and pretty tired. I have dry mouth and no appetite. I feel kind of shaky and shivery too. We will see how it goes.
I 'm 18 years old and this is my first birth control. This is my 4th month on it and I 'm thinking of switching. The first month I bled the entire month but after that I only have my period for about 2 days which is awesome. I haven 't seemed to have gained any weight and my skin hasn 't changed. The negative side is my MAJOR moodiness. I cry all the time and get angry over the smallest things. I thought I should wait out the first 3 months incase it changes but it hasn 't seemed to get any better. I 'm depressed all the time and my boyfriend called me out on being really negative all the time.
I have been on Saxenda for 3 weeks now. The first week I experienced very little side effects which was relieving as I usually get very sick from medications. By the end of week one the smallest portions would fill me up which is wonderful but I had no weight loss and I was eating strictly healthy. Week 2 I stuck to .06 for an extra week so my body could adjust better and finished the week with 3 lbs lost since start date. Almost no desire to ever eat. Week three I have increased my dosage and have been feeling extremely nauseous and having weird chest pains. I hope it goes away. I 'm a little uncomfortable with the possible long term side effects and will only stick this out if I start seeing results. Happy with appetite decrease though.
I have only been on Belviq for 1 week. I 'm not sure if I have lost any weight yet. I am experiencing many side effects. Bad headache, slightly dizzy, very tired (napping almost daily), and stomach issues (heartburn &amp; diarrhea). I 'm giving it 6 weeks and then I will decide what to do. I 'm hoping the side effects go away within another week.
Got headaches and felt tired constantly so I switched to Prozac.
As soon as I inserted the cream I felt the worst burn ever. It made me want to run in pain and I believe I have a high tolerance to pain. I immediately looked up side effects and found this which helped me calm down and understand that it may be working. It s been 30mins and the burning sensation is slightly going away but still in pain. I hope the next tube does not cause the same thing. I will take the time to go to the doctor next time to get the pill. This pain made me feel punished for being a girl. :(
25 yr old, female. I 've been taking 20 mg for 2 weeks now. Only side effect was insomnia so I started taking it in the morning. Maybe a loss in sex drive? No other side effects though. It hasn 't kicked in yet.
I 've been on Sertraline for about two years. I was originally taking 50mg and now I 'm on 200mg. It DOES help my depression a great deal but doesn 't really seem to do much for my anxiety. When I first started taking 200mg (from 150mg) I did feel slightly manic for about a week but then I calmed down a lot.
Not happy, not sad, just there. Actually not even there... Everything is kind of like a daze. But it feels alot better then being crazy stressed out all the time and freaking out over trivial things, just I don 't feel like myself. But the good thing is I 'm living in the moment instead of the past or worrying about the future.
I have been dealing with bacterial vaginitis on and off for a while and usually metronidazole works. The only issue is the yeast infection afterwards. However, after I completed my last treatment I developed a terrible case of hives (never happened to me before) Days later, the hives cleared up but then the yeast infection! After the yeast infection, guess what came back...BV! I don 't know what to do at this point.
Makes me a speed freak, can 't sit still constantly moving my hands or my face or something, like a panic attack without anxiety! It seems to have helped with anxiety though, but I still take Xanax for when I just literally cannot stop moving around, grinding my teeth or jerking my neck around. I have severe muscle spasms in the neck. I think it has helped me in some ways but not others, it made my already severe insomnia worse, so now I have sleeping pills (which still don 't work sometimes). It has sort of improved my mood some people say I 'm less erratic. I am not sure though. I 'm giving it a 5 because the neck pain is bad, and the increased paranoia is bad and I don 't really think it has helped with disassociation too much. 
Diagnosed in June 2016 Stage 2 grade 2 IDC Breast cancer. August 2016 lumpectomy, sentinel node biopsy and 30 radiation treatments. Only been on arimidex for 2 weeks. Having severe bone pain in legs and hips. Knees are the worst. Some nausea and loss of appetite. Didn 't expect the side effects to start within the first 2 weeks of taking arimidex. Hope the longer I 'm on arimidex the side effects will get better.
This birth control had its pros and its cons. With this birth control, I knew exactly when I would start my period and what day I would get off my period. It was like clockwork that never seemed to fail. My period was a tad shorter and it was definitely lighter overall (aside from the first day). This BC didn 't do much for my cramps. I didn 't have any side effects such as moodiness or weight gain, that I seemed to notice. My reason for getting off this BC though is because it made me breakout like crazy. Before, I rarely had so much as a pimple. With this BC, I didn 't feel comfortable going out without makeup because my complexion got so bad.
Used it during menopause for extreme emotional distress. That was 15 years ago. It was slowly increased from 33 mg to 225 mg due to ineffectiveness. I finally decided after reading up on it that it wasn 't worth  the side effects that I had if I ran out or if I wanted to get off. Well, I decided to get off. Please do not go on this drug if there is a chance you will ever want to go off of it. It took me 4 months to wean myself off. This past week was the first week I have been completely off. It has been an excruciating long 4 months. I took my time, but the withdrawal is bad. I can not imagine withdrawal from other drugs being much worse. Feel sick to my stomach, Joints ache beyond belief. Emotionally I am a mess, but I try, I try!
I had the implant in for 7 months and took it out because of the side effects, I might as well have been pregnant with the way it made me feel. I was so hormonal and had constant headaches and I gained 27 lbs WITHOUT a diet change, I tried exercising more than normal and I continued to gain weight. I do not recommend it. I could feel a burning sensation all the way down my arm and up into my chest. There was just so much stuff happening that no one warned me about!
I really don 't think parafon forte helped me too well. I really didn 't feel any different as far as the muscle spasms, because they were still as bad as they were before. I 've switched to 2mg Valium as it has helped tremendously. Plus, Valium helps with my anxiety as well. A quick fact from what I read in my pamphlet on 2mg Valium that it 's purposes are for muscle spasms, anxiety, and acute alcohol withdrawals. I never knew about it helping with acute alcohol withdrawals too. You learn something new everyday.
I am diagnosed with Bipolar II disorder, and took Lexapro for a few years for my depression. At first in helped, but then it stopped working. I am now on Cymbalta.
I have taken Paquenil for approximately 9 months and have started getting red peeling sores on my legs, thought it was psoriasis, but now I am unable to show my legs because the sores are so many.  Stopped taking medicine for the past week, will be going to the doctor today.
Stopped cough but severe diarrhea as others have stated. unfortunately didn 't figure that it was the medicine until second night taking it...
Just started Lithium 300mg daily, 5 days ago. I 'm hopeful it will help with the depression, I 'm just always so extremely tired (been like this since my teens, I 'm 42).  I by accident found out I was bipolar, I know sounds strange but it started when my doc prescribed Tegretol for neuralgia. It didn 't help for it but instead got rid of my migraines, lifted my mood and was taking me out of the depression, was working great but then became allergic to it, I 'm now on Lithium and I pray that it works just as great as Tegretol.  I currently take Adderall, Lithium, Restoril and Doxycycline. I 'm prescribed Zoloft but stopped taking it because I didn 't feel any better.
The taste and texture have been a struggle, and swallowing the prep has been difficult, but the results have been gentle and effective.  At first, I couldn 't not swallow the mixture at all, but I mixed it with hot lemon tea and a lot of lemon juice and sipped it slowly.  That made all the difference.
Here 's the issue, my rosacea abated for the most part while using doxycycline monohydrate 100mg twice daily. The major issue is that I started retaining fluid for no apparent reason (went to doctor, Kidney and endocrinology specialists) and after stopping this drug, the swelling went down remarkably (&gt; 15 lb loss in 4 days). This is a significant problem with other antibiotics also, Levaquin, Ciprofloxacin, etc. Even if a limited number of users have this it is significant. I hope that reading this helps someone else, I suffered for almost 2 years.
Made me so tired could not focus or stand up, it pretty much sedated me slept like a baby. Doctor said it would make me sleepy because of a bad allergic reaction to Testim so it sedated me to keep me from scratching my rash.
Having taken this medicine in combination with other anti-rejection drugs and steroids following a liver transplant I suffered from severe anger issues. These only subsided once medication was decreased.
Let me preface this by saying I had gastric sleeve 16 months ago. My stomach holds 6 ounces. Took me 20 minutes to get the first prep drink in. I 've forced 16 more ounces of water in and I 'm in some serious pain.  It 's been 54 minutes and I 'm trying not to throw up. I gotta get another 16 ounces down in 20 minutes. Then do this all over again at 5:30 tomorrow? Oh I had to do a pre pre prep last nite. 10 ounces of magnesium citrate. That was worse tasting than this stuff.
I hate this thing! I 've had it in for over 2 years, I got it after I had my daughter. Not the best decision I 've ever made and I 'm having a hard time getting my doctor and my OBGYN to take it out it 's like nobody wants to. It has decreased my sex drive made me hormonal mood swings depressed put a strain on my relationship with my husband because of that. I can hardly ever get &quot;in the mood&quot; and that sucks, I 'm 24 y.o! Also the weight gain, the nausea, irregular periods, cystic acne breakouts on my face....seriously I hate this thing! It has made me so miserable. I 'm switching OBGYN offices just to get the damn thing out!
Had AFib for 6 months. Did the cardio version once. Went on this drug 5 days later tried cardio version again and it worked.   Been on drug now for 10 days.  Feeling tired have shortness of breath with even light exercise like walking around the block.  Also headaches not happy about it
Until three months ago I thought I had tried it all. My doctor mentioned Topamax in a follow-up and asked if I 'd be willing to try one more time. (I 'd about given up) I had just happened to be recovering from a horrific migraine from the night before that had me down with my ice packs and my trusty bucket for nine hours. So I said, &quot;Yes, gimme!&quot; I 'm still trying to decide if it was the best decision... My goal was 100mg a day, I haven 't made it beyond 50mg yet. My side effects are tingling hands/feet, brain fog, thirsty ALL THE TIME, hot flashes, and forgetfulness. I went from 2-3 migraines weekly to about that monthly. So it DOES help, but the side effects are ridiculous and they aren 't going away. It 's choosing the lesser of two evils.
Zarah has been okay. I first started on the pill about 5 months ago and it helped a little with my cramps that were horrible before I started the pill. However, I noticed some weight gain and realized that I have horrible mood swings. My period isn 't much lighter than before, and my period doesn 't come until a few days after I start taking the sugar pills. It definitely decreased my sex drive a lot and I started getting a lot of discharge every day.
This drug does well for the purpose it was prescribed for: reduction of anxiety.  However I commonly suffer from sleep walking, sleep motions and even talking.  This drug really kicked all of that into overdrive.  I spend the night having nightmares and constantly waking myself and my girlfriend up because I will scream at the top of my lungs as well as kick and punch the bed.  If you have sleep issues like me I would not recommend it.  If you do not then I would recommend it.
I have had this implant for a little over a month now. When inserted, I began feeling the effects later that day. Already was I experiencing mood swings. It wasn 't until a week or two later that I began falling into a sort of depression. For a whole month I was incredibly sad. I cried everyday. I 'm going through a rough time in my life right now, &amp; I couldn 't have gotten this inserted at a worse time. It made everything so much more difficult and had a big effect on my relationship. Around the time I would normally get my period, I began to spot for two weeks straight. It was a brownish color. Then, i got my period right after. The only positive about this thing is that I haven 't gotten pregnant. Otherwise, I 'm getting it removed asap
I have been using Loestrin 24 Fe for 7 months. I love the fact that my periods are a lot lighter, because Lord knows I had the longest most painful periods ever! My breasts have grown a whole cup size and they feel as though they might keep growing. I love the weight in my breasts but I have gained 5 pounds, and I eat the same if not better than before I got on the pill and I exercise just as much so I 'm considering stopping the pill and switching to another method of birth control because weight gain and me do not mix well! I have had a large amount of spot bleeding, it has decreased as the months have gone on. Other than the weight gain this pill has been my best fiend, so if it doesn 't seem to make you gain weight I would say it is the best!
I got my kyleena put in on July 25th. Right now things are rough. I got mine inserted on the 2nd day of my period, which I HIGHLY recommend. I honestly can 't even say insertion was painful, but it was probably the most discomfort I 've experienced (30 sec only!). I took 600mg of ibuprofen before which helped the cramping after-- was able to go back to work just fine. My period is now over but the spotting has not stopped, its been about 2 or 3 weeks. I had sex day 8, which burned slightly after. Had sex again more recently and started bleeding profusely w/ cramps . Called emergency doc and scheduled check up. I will check in after 2 months; hopefully it 'll get better!!
Started at 17 for MDD &amp; GAD, I 'm almost 20 and recently dx 'd w BPD now (comorbid w the above). 5mg first week, 10mg 2 years, 20mg 5 months. First week side effects inc 'd but not lim 'd to: yawning, sweating (esp night), brain fog, nausea, hypomania, lack of focus. These only came back with cold turkey withdrawals (2 or more missed doses). Brain zaps, muscles seizing up and panic were common for withdrawal for me too. Lexy helped me minimise/blunt emotional responses and therefore improve cognition (could still cry etc tho), also boosted my mood noticeably but not intensely. This lasted a year before this med completely stopped working at all, eventual 20mg bump did nothing. Gentle first antid.. tapering off now, prob going for SNRI next.
Experienced CHF in 2010 induced by hypothyroidism which I had detected 30 years earlier but doctors couldn 't confirm because of outdated TSH standards; also had hypotension &amp; hypoglycemia which were again medically unconfirmed until 2010 CHF with EF of 13%. Defibrillator implanted in 2010. Put on dofetilde in 2014 by new doctors cuz other docs had ignored effects of amiadarone on thyroid med plus amiadarone toxicity. In 2015 had tachycardia of 168, another new doc said dofetilde should have worked, recommended ablation, which was subsequently done. Experienced crippling fatigue, I phased out dofetilde a year later, no arrhythmias, energy returning plus clear thinking. Found ablation effective, dofetilde ineffective plus energy crippling.
I personally have problems with most birth control so I do not want to give Tri-Cyclen Lo completely bad review but do want to share experience since my doctor will not believe me.Over the last year have been trying the different birthcontols and when I first started Tri-Cyclen Low it seemed like the best of all the evils. I was quite nauseous and hungry all the time but I tried to control this with really good food options and delt with the feeling. Now going on six months of Tri-Cyclen I have found that I am extremely depressed, lightheaded and dizzy all the time. The pain of nausea and hunger is constant and painful. I am at a loss of what to do since my doctor isn 't listening to me.
It works but, it 's the pseudoephedrine that keeps you awake all night tossing and turning and I had that for about three days. I was physically exhausted but, wide awake.
Been on it for 3 days. Want a drink but not as bad as usual...drank 12 pack a day. Been drinking for almost 40 yrs.
It helps a little for pain but now I have no sex drive, constipation all the time. When I took Vicodin 10 I did not have this problem. 
Trivora was very effective in preventing pregnancy. However almost immediately after I began pack 1 I experienced yeast infections due to the high levels of hormones. The symptoms went away once I took some over the counter creams. I 'm currently on the end of pack 3 and I 'm getting off of this pill because I 've experienced bloating, stomach cramps and really really bad GAS! I 've never had a gas problem until I began trivora. So this gas cramping occurs during random times daily.. And it 's a problem! So I can 't wait to try something different.
I have been constipated since I started taking these.  All I drink is water.
I was prescribed this by my Physiatrist as an option for my AVN, degenerative disc disease, fibromyalgia and myofacial pain disorder.  Many typical pain medicines overly sedate me, make me all nauseous that I 'd prefer the pain, or make me itch.  This medicine has helped with moderate pain if I only need to take two tablets max a day, anymore than that, comes the itching and nausea.
This drug did very well for me initially, at 10mg.  My dosage over 7 years kept increasing and now I am convinced that over time this medicine will deplete your natural serotonin levels and fails to work or not work at all.  At 10mg the side effects were not that noticeable at all, but at 20 mg the side effects were much more pronounced  Especially lethargy, increased panic attacks/anxiety, weird dreams, and sexual side effects to name just a few. Everyone is different, but for me this drug worked well at a small does for about 21/2 years, then slowly stopped working to the point where I was just having side effects from the med.  Am tapering off it and feel very well so far.
My five year old son took Claritin chewables for approximately two weeks and had a sudden onset of facial tics ( eye blinking). His doctor attributed it to the Claritin and said it was a known side effect, especially with family history of tics. 
Very effective but side effects far outweigh the benifits.  Severe gastric distress was the main one that got worse as time went along.
I had the first Euflexxa shot  (both knees) 3 days ago. The left knee feels AMAZING already. Like Wow. The right one which has significantly more damage and has had 2 surgeries is bad... really, really bad. Since the shot,  I can 't put any weight on it at all. it feels full as if the fluid did not disperse. Disappointed because I really needed the pain gone in the right but I 'm glad about the left. Hopefully next shots will be better.
Woke up with very blurry vision for 3 hours....was scary! It made me sleep well, but the appetite increase was horrific. I literally thought about food the whole day. Did not take again. I have a spinal condition and could have easily put on 20lbs in a month on this, that is if I could find the fridge with my blurry vision. This is a common side effect with this medicine.
I got the Implanon about a year ago. In the beginning everything was wonderful and I had no symptoms. Then, about 7 months into it I started spotting, and my hair has stopped growing. After 5 months of straight spotting and gaining 25 pounds my doctor wants me off of it ASAP. This works for some people, but it definitely didn 't work for me.
It 's been about 2 and a half weeks off depo now and I 've seen a huge difference, in my mood, and in my skin especially. I was on the shot for about 2 years. The first half of the first yet I bled, not enough to need a tampon but enough to annoy me from time to time. It goes away. The last 6 months of using it I noticed a huge change in my skin. I 've never had a problem with acne but after a year and a half on depo I started getting pimples on my forehead that wouldn 't ever go away. I 've never had problems with weight gain but did notice it made me a little more emotional then I had been off it. As for protection against getting pregnant it worked 100% on its own.
I had 2 foot surgeries within 9 months of each other that took me over 2 years to heal, and was given Vicodin for the pain. At first it was awesome, it took care of the pain but I slept all the time. After a while I ended up taking more to relieve the pain, which scared me. So I would go off of it for a month or so and live in agony to prove I was not addicted.  It detaches you from whats going on around you. I finally figured out that I would rather be in some pain than be so depressed as that drug made me feel. I just stick to ibuprofen now.
I was put on this medication because I suffer from endometriosis related pain as well as extremely irregular periods (I had about 3-5 periods a year versus once a month). I can happily say that I no longer double over in pain, it 's still uncomfortable but not unbearable, my periods are also much more consistent. However, I have noticed mood swings that I have never had a problem with before, as well as more than normal breakouts (mostly around my chin and cheeks). I also experienced a bit of nausea the first couple months I was taking it, eating right before you take it helps a lot. Overall it did what my doctor and I set out to initially do, but it does have some side effects i 'm not thrilled about.
The Dr.s say there is no withdrawal from seroquel but I know there is! Every time they raise or lower, or take away all together I have days with no sleep, cold sweats, feelings of being overly alert. Thats how I feel when I am completely taken off.
I was on this birth control for almost 10 years...it was very effective at preventing pregnancy, even though I missed it a few times and there weren 't any crazy noticeable side effects like weight gain, nausea, headaches, etc.  I think because I was on it for so long, I didn 't realize the side effects until I went off of it...once I stopped, I felt like a completely different and better person...my sex drive went through the roof and I realized how much it had suppressed my sex drive this whole time.  I also found a huge sense of peace and was able to let go of things much easier  I felt like a cloud of depression was lifted. When I tried to go back on it, it made me really irritable and I had to stop.  
I have suffered from incontinence and over active bladder for many years and put up with it. I was prescribed a 5mg dose from the hospital doctor and although it didn 't help with incontinence, it did help with a better urination flow and less frequent visits to the toilet, they upped the dose to 10 by the physiotherapist I was seeing about an overactive bladder and incontinence. I have had bad side effects of, pebble constipation, feeling very unwell with stuffed up nose, sore throat, very tired, stomach upset including acid, chest pain and have now had the meds stopped by my GP as it could be causing my blood pressure to drop. I was really happy in the beginning with the benefits of the vesicare medication but the bad outweighs the good.
I started the pill 3 weeks ago. I 'm spotting almost every day and I am trying to take it in the morning at every same time between 0700-0900. But not consistent so I may have to change my timing. I have a few cramps but nothing compare to before. So hopefully things will get better as many explained here.
I have been to the hospital emergency room twice in 2 months with a diagnosis of edema. I was prescribed Lasix 20 mg along with Potassium pills.  In the hospital they put Lasix in IV &amp; it works almost immediately causing me to urinate about 20 times.  My doctor has me on 40 mg of Lasix &amp; low salt diet.  The swelling has left my legs, but not my feet.  I have noticed that if I elevate my feet at least 3-4 times a day with feet at heart level, the swelling goes down much better.  I am trusting that swelling will go away completely soon.  I am doing much better since going to emergency room, just still having difficulty walking.  This can be very stressful to deal with because it affects mobility &amp; exercising is challenging. I am a fall risk.
Female 5 '7&quot; 179lbs I started Contrave on 5/7/17. I am going into week 3. As of now no significant weight loss. And my appetite is not as nearly diminished as I thought I would be. The first day it did I did not eat all day till dinner and even then it was a small portion. I drink water non stop, cut the soda, still allow myself one cup of coffee Mon-Fri. I do get a little nausea and slight headaches, but nothing to bad. I am someone who suffers from Migraines but this is pill is not adding to them at all.. So that I am thankful for, no depression or anxiety so that is a plus. I have cut my food in take and I am eating smaller portions. I do go to the gym 3 times a week. I have a friend that lost 60lbs over an 8 month period. So I am hopeful
NOT RATING IT HELP ME. I started this a week ago. 3 days after I started I woke up horribly nauseated but no vomit so I sucked it up and went to work just to get there and throw up repeatedly for about two hours. Once that stopped I was fatigued. Then exhausted. Then the migraines started. I had minor migraines in my forehead that got worse with light or after waking up. That went on for three days. That stopped two days ago and yesterday I started feeling weird cramping in my left side just below my ribs and it went into the tops on my thighs and hips. Today the cramps are still in my side (not painful just uncomfortable and concerning) and possible constipation. Wondering if any of this matches anyone else pls and thanks.
I was recently diagnosed with narcolepsy and started on Provigil.  I started with 100 mg in the morning and then 100 or 150 mg in the afternoon.  The first few days I was a little dizzy at first, a little nauseous, lost my appetite, had a mild headache every night (ibuprofen took care of that), and tense jaw/neck muscles.  It was working great, but once I started classes (i.e., inactivity), I was falling asleep sometimes before my noon dose, and everyday around 6pm or 8pm.  So, my doctor upped it to 200 in the morning and 200 after noon.  For all 3 days of it, I was awake, only crashing around 8pm, but I was having problems with my memory and concentration. Just switched to Ritalin. 
I 've been on the Depo shot for 6 Months. I had 3 shots so Far%u2026 the first shot was great Ive had no periods at all when I got my second shot. About 4 weeks after I started bleeding almost everyday but once I got my third shot it had stopped, I am not having any problems so far. But I Am constantly losing weight like when I started the shot I was 129lbs, I am now 114lbs how is this happening? I eat all the time.
I have just started taking it, and I wanted to give a viewpoint from the beginning.  I have been on this for 4 days now.  The first day was really bad, but it is getting better.  My appetite is coming back now, and I am not snapping at my family like I was before I started Cymbalta.  I am still quite tired and nauseated during the day, and am still having some trouble sleeping.  Before this I used to drink a lot, and this has helped me lose the desire to drink, which in my case is a good thing.  I am going to stick with it and hopefully the rest of the side effects will go away slowly.  I already feel more positive and my family has even noticed a difference already.
I have been taking for about 3 days and it has made me kind of edgy or irritable.  It hasn 't really suppressed my appetite either.  I 've taken something that was a lot better than this so I am probably spoiled!  But I guess it is a good back up.  I have a little more energy.
This is my 2nd week on Contrave and I have lost 13lbs it is AWESOME I feel fantastic only side effect that I having is insomnia...
I developed restless leg syndrome at 40 although had a bit of it when I was younger I am now up to 3 mg twice a day no help no relief any longer and like the first person posted I became addicted to gambling and it change my personality completely. And now I 'm at a loss of what to do
During the nine months I was on the shot I had a constant period, sometimes heavy, sometimes light. I was tired all the time and began to have suicidal thoughts, which I 've never had before. I had crazy mood swings and would start crying for no reason at all. I switched to Nuvaring and all my symptoms have gone away. I know the shot works for many people, but clearly it 's not for me!
I just started taking Belviq 7 days ago. So far I have not experienced any troublesome side effects. I will say that I have felt tired and in the first days I did have a slight headache. Other than that it 's been easy. Also I started out at 255lbs and now am at 247lbs. So I guess it 's working.
Took the pill about 45 minutes after mishap with my boyfriend. Suffered from indigestion and restlessness throughout the night, but didn 't vomit until about 7 hours later. I vomited about 15 times total, ~ every 15-30 minutes whether I drank something or not. Now my entire body is in flu-like pain and my head is killing me. I can barely get out of bed without wanting to pass out or being in immense pain. The vomiting stopped after about 5 hours, but I can definitely say this has been one of the worst experiences of my life. I 've only been on it for 1 day, so I can 't comment on its contraceptive effects. I just wanted to make this post for anyone else suffering. It passes. Just keep yourself hydrated with small sips of Gatorade and water.
Been on Otezzla for about 6 months. The first few months I thought my prayers had been answered. My skin cleared up by 75 percent in 3 months. I have psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis.  My pain had decreased as well. I did have stomach issues, severe headaches and major pressure in my ears and can hardly hear! The medication has quit working. Not clearing up my scales or itching at all! And the pain! The pain in my fingers,  elbows and feet is worse than ever. I 'm up all during the night from joint pain, now have nerve pain in my feet and cannot open a bottle of water in the mornings. Very sad this didn 't work out because I refuse to take immune suppression medication.
I took theophylline as a child for 5 years, and it 's hard for me to give it a rating. It saved my life. I had asthma so bad that nothing else could control it, and there were no alternatives available then. However, it has damaged my heart, and I now must take a Beta-Blocker daily to control my chronic tachycardia. Someday, my heart may wear out sooner than it should have. But I guess if I hadn 't been on theophylline, I wouldn 't have made it to age 11. If there is any alternative that can work for you, please try it first. If this is literally your lifesaver, then the long term heart effects are worth the trade off. Not everyone who takes this long term gets heart damage, but it 's very likely. It 's rarely prescribed due to this.
Took it over three days, caused headaches but I continue to take it as I need it. If it does not get better, I may get another antibiotic.
I have probably been battling this fungus, toenails and actually whole foot - -  dry and cracked heels always - - most of my adult life.  I am 60+.  I knew that topical wasn 't for me.  I had several medical opinions over many years.  Some podiatrists would say I had fungus,  others would say not.  Finally diagnosed by NP in dermatologists office.  She put me on Terbinafine.   I have taken it every single day for 2 months so far.  This is very significant for me,  as I  hate taking medication.  Not drinking is easy.  Staying out of the sun is very hard.  I have called my derm 's office to ask when I will see improvement.  Waiting for call back.  No perceived side effects, although maybe lack of energy?
I am 35 and have had extremely random menstrual cycles for as long as I have had a period.  I never know when the cycle will start, end or if it will be spotty or 5 gallons of blood.   I am on the 3rd month of this Microgestin 1.5/30 and I will not be taking it anymore. The Microgestin has seemed to make my menstrual cycles right on schedule and with very little blood flow, however since week one, I have had the most painful ovarian cysts.  I have never had these before and it started on week one but the last several have ruptured closer to ovulation.  The first time I had to call the ambulance because I thought my appendices had burst.  After 2 months, I started forming a belly that looks very similar to a baby bump, but it is not.
I suffer from mainly depression and anxiety.  I have had a few bouts of hypomania.  This was recommended to me to help anxiety and mood swings.  Within an hour of taking this medicine I was always somewhat buzzed and not in a good way.  Like you have to lie down and sleep or you will become extremely irritable.  The sleep was great on it, however you wake up in a fog for hours.  Usually until dinner time for me.  It really flattens you out so you don 't feel much but emotionless and tired.  I took anywhere from 50 to 200 mg and the result was the same.  I am off now and trying safer meds.  Seroquel wasn 't for me, glad it helps millions though!
I 've been using this for almost a month and my skin is extremely sensitive, red, and is peeling like crazy. When I began using this my skin broke out like crazy as well. I start school in 3 days and I am so embarrassed.
I was taking Viorele for 2 months. Before taking Viorele my face was completely clear but since I 've been taking it, my face is COVERED in painful acne  Other than the acne, the pill is great.
My husband took his first dose last month and is getting ready to take his second dose in a few days.  While I think the drug is working, the Patient Cost Support Program is difficult to deal with and we are still struggling to get reimbursement.
I had the Mirena put in 2 years ago. There are only 2 things I like about it.  One, it stays in for 5 years (unless you decide otherwise) and two, I don 't bleed as heavy as I used to. Other than that I don 't like it. I have severe cramping, horrible migraines the week before I start and the 5 days I 'm on my cycle, I also have extremely crazy mood swings. I am thrilled to have it removed in a few weeks.
I found out I had chlamydia on Friday, went into the doctors again today (monday) and was given two 500mg tablets to take. I drove to work straight after and I can 't describe the pain I was feeling. I was laying down at work for 2 hours with the worst stomach pains I have ever experienced.  Ended up in the toilet with diarrhea and couldn 't move. Still have cramping and am now at home laying in bed. Scared to eat now as I don 't want to run back to the toilet. I hope this goes away. I have never felt so sick from taking medication but if the chlymidia is gone then I guess it 's worth it.
I just started Celexa when my doctor put me on it about a week ago. We just couldn 't win with my depression and all that entails for major depressive disorder, and I was feeling really depressed at the time. I 'm on a low dose but only for about two weeks until we check it out. I 've been diagnosed now for about 8 or 9 years, tried LOTS of anti-depressants. Even though I tried to work with them all, as a team me and the medicine, we just couldn 't win with it the depression. My side effects of depression are a huge lack of energy, being angry often, usually at the whole world, so much stress and negativity, So much that I will say thanks to everyone who commented. I hope I have a lot to look forward to now based on all of the positive comments about Celexa.
Was prescribed years ago for chronic lower back pain worth sciatica shooting down my left leg. The only thing good about this medication is.... if the pain keeps you awake at night.. enjoy a 12hr deep sleep followed by a stiff jointed barely get up to pee so bad your gonna explode. Most likely because you slept 12 hrs in the same spot.  Don 't take if your sensitive to meds and you have to function the next day. But if you can lay in bed and recover, great stuff.
I have only been on symbicort for  a few days but I already know these side effects are not for me.  I have the worst case of jitters I 've ever had and dizziness.  I also had a very very mild nose bleed, though I 'm not sure it was associated with the medication, I just know I haven 't had a nose bleed since I was a child.  My regular doctor advised me to either go down to one puff twice or day or if I would rather to stop it all together since I have my first Pulmo appointment next week.  I have chosen to stop the drug, I can 't deal with these side effects.  I can say my breathing did improve but for now I 'll rely on my albuterol.  Really wish I wasn 't having such scary effects!  Glad it works for most of you!
I am heading into my 4th week with Otezla. My hands are clear of scales. They are looking very good. My scalp has stopped itching and feels like scales are disappearing. My legs on the other hand are red and itching. I do not see any improvement on my legs at all yet. I did experience severe nausea for the first couple of weeks but it has gotten much better. Slight occasional headaches. I am still hopeful.
Works good, but the withdrawal is bad.
I 've had the Implanon for about 7 months. I put it in after my second child but I get mg period about 2x a month for a week or sometimes 3x for 3 days it 's pretty weird but I don 't mind mind this at all as long as I 'm protected.
I 've been on this pill for about two weeks, this is one of the best sleeping pill to ever take if you 're have trouble sleeping, my breast are cup size bigger, and I seem to get more emotional than usual.
I have been taking Lyza for a month. I had to switched out of the Ortho Tri-Cyclen combo pill because it gave me headaches. I noticed that I have more of an appetite when taking Lyza. I have not gain much weight because I have a high metabolism along with working out. My face seems to have cleared up. The only negative thing I would have to say is that since it is an progestin only pill, it is important to take it right on time. It has a lower hormonal dosage than combo pills.
I had this birth control for about a year now at first I didn 't have my period for 6 months now I have bleeding almost everyday my period last up to 2 weeks I gained a lot of weight and I can 't seem to lose it no matter how hard I try I love that this birth control is good and it works but there is a lot of bad in it it causes mood swings a lot of bleeding I just don 't know if this is for me I had the IUD before this that was a nightmare now I just gotta see what other birth control I could try that won 't be making it take a pill everyday.
My daughter started this, she was tired and first but we moved it to a later time.  After two months we moved her up to 2mg as she was still unfocused. Well I haven 't slept in weeks, she is up alot at night won 't sleep in her room anymore. We switched to taking it in the morning and thought it was a faze, i will be making an appointment to talk to her pediatrician. It was our choice as a nonstimulant and im not going to put her on one. Hopefully there is something  else out there that will work as great during the day but not nightmares. We live in Canada and thankfully our insurance pays for it but that 's not a reason to stay on it.
Wife is on this now for her 4th week  (800mg ) she has Soft tissue in Right Lung after mets from uterus. Leiomyosarcoma. (sp)  A month ago she was coughing   every 2 minutes, now not so much but she is tired has nausea and the headaches.  No appetite and when she ate solid food it would always come back up.  Now  her food consists of  4- 6 smoothies a day.  Got a Vitamix  after  many  recommended  it  on other websites on the internet.  You fellow patient who have gone before her and have reported  your experiences are the &quot;only&quot; thing that have kept her pressing forward.  She has large tumor in chest and it is hope that this will hollow it out or something. Her first Chemo GEMS/Taxol only worked for 3 months . Then it started regrowing
I give it a 5/10 because it worked for about 1-1/2 weeks and then I built up a tolerance (like I always do with all sleep medicines.. sighh..).  I was on 10 mg.  I bumped it up to 20 mg for about a week after the 10 mg lost its kick but still nothing.  I had very vivid dreams those 2 weeks.. it almost felt like I wasn 't sleeping deep enough the dreams were so vivid.  But I had more energy during the day so it must have worked.  It was nice to have my schedule back to &quot;normal&quot; for about a month (staying awake during the day).  Now I 've flip-flopped back to sleeping during the day again.I 'm a chronic insomniac.  My sleep specialist even jokes that I need a sledgehammer just to knock me out.  I 've tried just about every pill both over the counter and prescription.
I have been on Celexa for five months.  Started at 20mg.  After three weeks, my anxiety went away.  I was no longer hesitant to leave my house, or afraid to make a simple phone call or check my email.  (I used to have to prepare myself mentally for an hour just to go to the grocery store, because the thought of getting dressed, stepping outside, driving the car, parking, etc., would overwhelm me.)  For a while I felt so good, better than ever.  I was free!  I felt &quot;normal.&quot;  When I needed to go to the grocery store, I hopped in the car and did it with little thought or fear.  Felt great! But alas, five months later, now on 40MG, my anxiety is coming back, good times are over.
I have dizziness, and lightheaded most of the time. On the other hand, my blood sugar is significantly lowered by about 90%. I still have work to do.
Disclaimer: Everyone 's body is different so don 't let this review deter you from trying it!!!!Unfortunately, this birth control option was not right for me. I give it a five out of ten because of the ease of insertion, the ease of it being in the arm, how it does prevent pregnancy, and it hasn 't triggered my aura migraines like the pill and NuvaRing has in the past. As some as the other reviews mention, menstrual changes and mood changes, and vaginal infections are my only problems. I haven 't had intercourse with my SO in months due to the lengthy time (anywhere from 1-2 months) of the breakthrough bleeding. I seem more depressed than I ever have, and I have had explainable vaginal infections the first year of use.
I 've had mine since April 2015, it 's now October 2015, and 1 month after having implanon inserted I have been bleeding ever since. 7 months of period with only 2 weeks break from it! It 's ridiculous! I travel for work it 's so friggin annoying to have to worry about what plane seats are going to look like! I had this inserted purely for the fact I was over period pain (my family has bad ovaries so period pain is 1000x worse) I was aware there would be spotting and occasionally period, but jeez 7 months?? It 's a really good method of birth control, you can 't get pregnant, why? Because you bleed to much, so sex is out of the question.
It took 3 months to see a difference. It worked. It made my skin clearer, but of course I still had some scarring and pimples here and there. 2 years later and now my acne is back like it was before. It progressively got worse since I got off of minocyclin. I was probably on it for 6 months+... oh and I had yeast infections 
I took symbyax 3/25 for 5 years.  I have been opening my pill capsules and splitting the contents so I can slowly withdraw. The price was getting a bit expensive too. I would not recommend taking any meds unless you absolutely have to. After 5 years I will feel this but some discomfort is to be expected.
The medicine worked well after the first two weeks but then I became very constipated, gained more than 10 lbs, blurry vision became an issue and had issues with nausea.  
I have been on and off the patch for 2 years now. The first time using the patch I used it for 8-9 months and liked the fact that I had regular 3 day periods, no acne, and no weight gain. I did experience cramping and terrible moods. I was off for about 6-7 months due to being sexually inactive and then started up again 4 months ago. This time around I experienced horrible break outs that just started to subside, bad cramping, depressive moods (complete loss of control oved my emotions), irritability and heavy periods. The only plus side  is that my breasts have grown a full cup size and no spotting during the month. Unfortunately the con 's outweigh the pro 's and so I 've decided to try pills again (Tri clyen), hoping to be myself again!
I was on birth control for about 15 years and decided to stop to give my body a break.  I got pregnant during that time and I started taking this birth control after I had my baby.  I 've been on it about  5 months now.  So far, the only good things is it has kept me from getting pregnant and cleared up my skin.  The bad things....it has made me gain some weight, I now start to get my period before my pills are done, I feel like I am sweatier and it has given me large painful cysts under my right armpit.  I am debating whether or not to get off of this pill or give it a little bit more time.
I have always been a petite size person. In December 2008 I was 9 pounds from my goal. Due to emotional stress, I have gained around 25 pounds since then. After series of medical test and no answer, I started taking Adipex on May 29. The second day on it I cleaned my bathroom for 6 HOURS. I haven 't had that kind of energy in years. But here is my problem: hunger and cravings? They are gone. Energy? Better than before my kids were born. The weight? Still there. I lost maybe 2-3 pounds. I watched what little I eat and I am more active. 
Experienced dizziness and headaches, lumps and pain first day after injection. Week has passed and symptoms are still present.
I saw opioids taking over my life, and figured I had two options: continue using and wind up dead or imprisoned, or get help.Suboxone was the help I got. My cravings to get high on anything keep going down and down. Now, I barely remember why I started doing all these in the first place.So why the 6 out of 10? It constipates me way worse than any other opioid has. That means lots of fiber, stool softeners and Activia for me. I dislike the orange taste and the way the strips numb my taste buds. I also wish it was scored, so you could accurately measure out half doses. 
Day 1. Took 50mg last night, felt &quot;stoned&quot;, woke every hour, and had a nervous tummy, feeling hungry this morning, little more calm then normal for morning time. Still feeling slightly &quot;stoned&quot; and very tired. No nausea.
I am 25yrs and I have been taking Yasmin for about 5yrs now. I found it very good no menstrual pain, 5 days period, it also helped in some what way with my acne. I gained a few pounds as some people say in the right places, but lately I find its making me cranky and nauseous, because of that I am thinking of trying a new pill.
I have been on 5mg tablet for almost 2 yrs. I started off on one tab a night then cut my dose down to half tab, currently taking 1/4 tab during the day because I always miss my alarm if I take it at night. I over sleep way to much, always tired, brain feels foggy. I 've gained 30 pounds and its getting harder to take it off. I 'm always hungry and always thirsty. It helps with behaviors. I still flip out but way less often.
I have been on Paxil for 3 months and had gained 6 pounds. Doesn 't sound that bad, except I 've been going to the gym like crazy to counteract this side effect and still the scale keeps creeping up.  I have almost zero interest in having sex and when I do have sex, I cannot have an orgasm. Any interest in sex I do have is counteracted by the fact that I feel gross having gained extra weight.  If I were single, I might not mind the sex issue as much, but if you are in a relationship, I would consider a different drug.
Side effect: rash
When I took Accutane, my acne did clear up after a couple of months. But the side effects were very annoying, including excessively dry face and lips and back pain. It actually came to a point that I couldn 't continue dancing because of this back pain. I was glad to be finished with it after the allotted time I was prescribed, but then 6 months later my acne came back in full. My doctor said this is normal and usually goes away within weeks, but mine didn 't. I 'm still struggling with acne despite having taken Accutane.
I 've been taking this pill for two months, my first birth control I 've ever been on, at first it was okay and it definitely cleared up my skin, bloating was expected but not wanted. I also experienced a lot of vaginal discharge. Now that I 'm in the second month, however, I have begun cramping on top of the discharging. Sort of scary when you look up &quot;cramping on the pill&quot; and all the links have the title &quot;signs of early pregnancy&quot; :/
My son started Remicade at 13yrs. He has severe Crohns flare ups and this was a last resort aside from surgery for him. The Remicade treatment gave him few side effects. He didn 't get any headaches/tiredness. And he didn 't get sick easier like they said he would. When almost our whole house(7 of us) got the flu; m\Micah didn 't. Micah just took his last dose 8 weeks ago after being on Remicade for over a year and a half. (Micah was on Lialda too) even when they used the amount of Remicade, Micah was still getting flare ups every other month or so. They tested his blood and found out he had antibodies to the Remicade, which means his body was attacking the Remicade and that 's why it was only working right after the infusions.
I was diagnosed with bipolar seven years ago and have basically been on Topamax along with Welbutrin the whole time. I have not really experienced the weight loss. I do feel fatigued and have been feeling very angry lately. I also feel sort of zombied out.
I am fifteen years old and I have been on LoEstin 24 Fe for six months. I am roughly 140 pounds, 5 '6 ' ', with no known history of women problems. I am about to switch to Seaonique because I don 't like my birth control. It was great at first with only a little spotting which a panty liner was barely needed. It has made my cramps insufferable. All I want to do is lay down in a small ball in bed all day. It made my period a very dark color and it doesn 't start until the 3rd brown pill and ends on the 3rd white pill. I have always had a lot of headaches and from taking this medicine they have increased in pain and frequency. Before LoEstrin 24 Fe I was on the Depo shot for 6 months. I switched because I gained 30 pounds in 6 months.
On the good side it only had one side effect for me, and that was a little bit of a increased heart beat I could feel and it made me feel like I was going to a concert or just won a prize, it felt not too bad knowing the other medicines out there for schizophrenia. 
The stinking smell! Ugh. After I apply this gel (which for me dries quickly),  I smell like I have women 's perfume on all day. The smell does not diminish. I mean what are they thinking? You make a product for men with low T and then some genius in the lab decides to add a feminine scent to it? I am sure they are having a good laugh over that one. That said, beside the Chanel No. 5 scent, I do feel better after taking it now for two weeks.  I have not had labs done yet, but I have noticed a change.  I am going to try and change to something else, however, my insurance company made me jump through hoops to get it, but I just can 't stand the smell.
Today I went to see my Dr. Due to the struggle of weight loss. I am 5 '10 and started two weeks ago at 215. I started calorie counting to stay under 1750 and cut out soda and sugary beverages. On my own I have lost 7 lbs. My Dr has prescribed me with Adipex P. 37.5 mg tablets 1x a day. I start my journey tomorrow morning with this prescription and was told that I will come back in 1 month and must show at least a 6 lbs loss in order to continue taking it for an additional 2 months before a breaking period. Although I told him I would like to achieve 150 he told me let 's start by achieving 170 first. I am excited and nervous but Am motivated. 208 now will update in 30 days!
My last period began Oct 26-30. However, I got really drunk on October 31. I don 't know if I had intercourse with a guy (I don 't have a good recall of that night). So I became extremely paranoid and took Ellaone on November 1st (within 12-14 hours) I remember that I started to have thick white discharge in the beginning (how I wish I could have written what I was experiencing the first two weeks of November). But from November 16 to November 18, I started to feel pain in my pelvis and my lower back kept hurting. By Nov 19, I started to have more lower back pain and light brown discharge. On Nov 20-26, I 've been spotting. Some days were of brown or red or light red blood. I don 't think it is my period. Why am I still spotting?
The pill does lower my blood pressure (caused by another medicine) but makes me very sleepy and lethargic.  I tried taking 1/2 of the pill in the morning and 1/2 in the evening but it is still a big problem.  I am normally energetic and on the go - now I 'm on slow to stop!
Midrin works very well at getting rid of my headache, but I get rebound headaches that are ten times worse.
The taste and texture have been a struggle, and swallowing the prep has been difficult, but the results have been gentle and effective.  At first, I couldn 't not swallow the mixture at all, but I mixed it with hot lemon tea and a lot of lemon juice and sipped it slowly.  That made all the difference.
I had some positive experience from receiving Actemra . However about 1 year ago I suddenly developed pulmonary hypertension and RT sided heart failure, suddenly developed severe dyspnea, chest pain, chest &amp; throat pressure, unable to lay flat or symptoms worsened. I was referred to a cardiologist who performed blood work. The BNP result being 982, a chemical stress test, a right sided heart cath that showed high pressure in the right side of the heart. I was referred to Dr who specializes in pulmonary HTN. After about 6 months he ordered repeat testing, Where we discovered the pulmonary HTN had subsided. Normal heart pressures and BNP decreased to approximately 200. No other RA meds taken since.
Celexa works great for Depression. Most days I feel fine but there are other days where I feel as though I was out partying all night messed up on drugs. Like an acid trip if you know what I mean. It has made me kind of numb to the things that were bringing me down but unfortunately I suffer from all the side affects.
I 've had hyperhidrosis for as long as I can remember, especially on my hands and feet. My dermatologist prescribed it to me last week. I 've been using Hypercare for a few days now- it 's definitely dried my skin out, and I haven 't been sweating as much. Yet I still have the occasional outbreaks. However, I talked to my doctor, who said that it takes usually around 2 weeks for the product to really affect you. I 'm hanging in there, and so far satisfied.
I 've had the implanon inserted for about 6 months now and I have experienced horrible anxiety , weight gain and a weak bladder My period sometimes comes twice a monthGetting it removed ASAP
When I started taking this medication I was really hopeful, but the first two weeks I noticed no results. However, my family said I was distant, and &quot;here, but not here.&quot; After a couple of months (as encouraged by the doctor) I still didn 't feel like my depression was managed as well as it was on other medications.
Initially had good response to gel but 10 days after starting it, I looked like I had a mild sunburn. I then started getting  multiple finger joint swelling with swelling,  redness and pain, and then gastric problems. Obviously having side effects. Back to neomycin creme!
I 'm 18 years old and I got the implant about a month and a half ago, almost two months ago . So far I 've had a little bit of random acne appearing on my face , and I 've been feeling a bit bloated . My only concern is the way it makes your period irregular . For example I normally get mins for 4-5 days , but today is day 7 or 8 and that 's kind of concerning .
I started taking Pristiq about 3 1/2 weeks ago to help with stress and anxiety.  I have had mild headaches and a little bit of nausea. I immediately feel sleepy when I take it so I am taking it at night before bed. I do think that I am sleeping more through the night than before. I have tried a few other medication 's such as Zoloft and Prozac.  I felt very sedated, no sex-drive, wanted to sleep all the time (before kid 's) really could not even cry if I wanted to.  I also gained 40lbs which made things worse.  I am still questioning myself if I really need medication or just accept the fact that I cannot have a house with everything in place with young kid 's and that not everyone is going to be as kind as I think they should.
I 'm 23 and have been on YAZ for 3 years. I switched to YAZ from Ortho Tri-Cyclen lo because Ortho was causing me major mood swings. YAZ took care of the mood swings, I have virtually none on YAZ, but it came with other side effects. The worst of them is debilitating intense headaches 2-3 days before my period. When I start taking the placebo pills, I get blinding headaches! Also, decreased sex drive, and tiredness. YAZ, did however give me very regular periods... they are like clockwork... I know down to the hour when I 'm going to get my period and it only lasts 4 days, and is light because of the headaches, I am switching to Loestrin 24 fe. I hope it gets rid of the headaches and some of the other side effects. GOOD LUCK!
I have a 16yr old son who was put on Vyvanse for his ADHD 3yrs ago. It worked good for awhile made better grades in school. He had less impulsivity and was able to focus more. He had decreased appetite and needed to be put on another medicine to help him sleep. In the past year his grades went down. He was already on the highest dose of 70mg. He was becoming aggressive and very hateful. I found out that he was smoking weed and drinking. He told me he felt so jittery from his Vyvanse that was the only way he could relax. I put my son in a rehab and they switched him to Strattera and he is doing a lot better.
So yesterday morning (Sunday) I woke up with a cluster of little blisters on my top lip. This has never happened before. I tried to go to the doctor but they were closed already by the time I got there. I took off work today and went in and they prescribed the 2grams valacyclovir twice a day. I took the first dose right away and the blisters seem to have flattened out already. I will take the second dose tonight. I hope by morning they are mostly cleared up, or at least they clear up before Saturday as I have big events going on this coming weekend. The reviews on here give me hope that it will clear up fast with Valtrex. Wish I would have gone earlier yesterday to get it!
This drug is good for depression but not for anxiety.
Orsythia was the first birth control pill I had ever been on, and for the first 2-3 months I had extreme nausea when taking it, which I was warned by my doctor that that could be a side effect in the adjustment period. I would take the pill at night and made sure I ate something before I took it, but I would still get extremely nauseous. My periods were not affected by Orsythia, but I did notice it helped reduce cramping. The main problem I had with Orsythia was the weight gain, which was a substantial amount. I gained about 25 pounds in the year of taking Orsythia, and I have never gained that much weight in that time span ever before. My doctor is switching me to a different birth control.
Had ulcerative colitis/Crohn 's Disease for 20+ years.  Was on sulfasalazine, taking prednisone for flare-ups.  Switched to Lialda 3 years ago.  It had fewer side effects, but did not control my condition.  After 2 serious bouts of anemia (one hospitalization and 5 units of blood), my doctor decided on Humira.  That was 6 months ago.  No side effects at first, but recently got a sinus infection (congestion, coughing, very sore throat).  Took prescribed antibiotics, but it won 't go away.  I felt better while taking the antibiotics, but the symptoms returned after they were done.  Hope this is not a sign of things to come!  Decreased ability to fight infections, right?
I 've been taking this medication for a long time. 10 yrs..!! I wasn 't warned about the memory problems,   or any way of becoming addicted. I can happily say, it has helped me, I even went into agoraphobia stage. Also, from my own personal experience. Be very careful in taking this medication. I actually saw, for myself, how bad the memory problems can be. When I experienced that. I went to my Dr an said, I wanted ween myself off, but slowly, not stupid either. I 've have been addicted to this medication, but u have to realize, our brain, our mind, is powerful than we give it credit for.  I was using 0.5mg 6-8 times a day. I 'm now, down to 3 &amp; a half times per day, I 'm getting better again
Along with a VLCD, hcg appears to be very effective. It was manageable, but such a restrictive diet that typically goes along with using HCG as a diet supplement is hard. Its definitely not a diet for the weak!  That being said, it seemed effective. I lost minimal muscle, even though I lost a significant amount of fat/water.
I just finished my first pack of these pills and I have been on my period for two whole weeks straight with no sign of it stopping. I don 't know what went wrong but I hope I get regulated soon. Otherwise, I have had no side effects. I have read mostly good reviews about this pill so hopefully it works wonders once my two week period ends.
Me again. 5 months later on Subutex. I now need two 2mg and my tramadol.I still have pain. It seems my back condition has become worse. (MRI shows no bone problems) Strange as for a few weeks it was better and I needed less pain relief. I 'm upset by this pain and I 'm on Gabapentin and benzo 's on top of this lot. This just slows down my breathing and makes me drunk. Still, I 'm in severe pain. I do not know what to do now. 
Depo was fantastic at doing what it was intended to do - control birth. However, I was on this for 4 years and gained at least 20 pounds. I was also bipolar and cried over everything. On the plus side - I only had my period 4 times a year right around the time of my next injection.
I first got the Skyla inserted in November 2016. After the insertion I checked the placement pretty much every day, and noticed I could feel plastic and not just wire. About a week after initial placement I got to the doctor to check and he replaced it after trying to get the original IUD back in position. The placement both times was mildly painful, no worse than my menstrual cramps.Three days after the replacement I got my period. This lasted for 11 days. After this my periods on average last about 8 days. Before they never lasted longer than 5. I have now had the IUD for 10 months and have given up on my period going away. I primarily got the IUD as easy birth control that I would not have to think about. I am considering other options.
I started taking Suboxone, 6 years ago because I was getting off of Roxy 's. I heard, at the time that it wasn 't hard to get off of and was a way better choice than the roxys. Little did I know that what I was told about getting off of the Suboxone was easy was a COMPLETE LIE!!!!!! I regret the day I ever started taking them! I 've tried numerous times to wean myself off, only to fail MISERABLY! I also have tried to medically detox but of course you know what happened.. FAIL.. If you are thinking of trying this or Subutex PLEASE PLEASE DO NOT... It may take a week to a week and a &frac12; to get over the withdrawals of roxys, Loritab, even oxys but getting off of the Suboxone/Subutex takes at least 3-6 months..
I 've been prescribed this medicine a few times for a reoccurring infection. I hate it, it makes me extremely nauseous. The first time I took it I made the mistake of attempting to take it with just water, I threw up immediately. I then decided to try to with yogurt or pudding and they worked great the trick for me is to put enough yogurt or pudding on the spoon and push the pill to the center because if the pill touches my tongue I 'd throw up. It 's best to take it on a full stomach although it still seems to make me nauseous. I was prescribed promethazine with it one time and it does help. 
I 've been on 10 mg for about three months and I am feeling pretty good except I 'm having trouble sleeping.  My paranoia and suspicion are still real bad.  I will be asking for an increase and starting dbt therapy!!!  I 'm excited feeling it.....
I can not get over the nausea that starts after the first chug. I know I have to try to plug my nose and swallow. Tried the variations of liquid with it and this being my third, nothing helps. I resist puking as long as possible. I went the entire day on clear liquids, until after that first bottle. Yup. I ate four crackers. That did help some as the taste left is absolutely awful. I would rather take any pill (in any combination of pills) than drink this!!GI Specialists, please listen. We take time out of our busy lives to actually Share &amp; Voice our concerns and opinions. We want a different choice. Why??THE TASTE MAKES US PUKE. The taste does not go away. This impedes proper preparation and care. We deserve better.
60% improvement in pain. 20 years with Fibromyalgia. 46 old female. 110 lbs. Have not seen one mention of thoughts of death or suicide. I experienced this at the 25mg 2X/day. Experience less depression and crying less though. Found myself singing at times and noticed pain not as intense and it was normally extreme. Less neuropathy. Had night sweats. Feeling extreme cold especially hands and feet. Had no drive and wanted to just sit or lay down and not complete or attempt chores. Could not focus and forgetful.I was on Elavil before that made me feel like a zombie but did help with mobility but not so much for pain. The doctor wants me off Savella in two days because of the suicidal thoughts. Says he can 't help and sending to pain management.
I started my hepatitis treatments on Nov 15th of this year.. I have had some bad side effects.  Diarrhea, nauseous alot, muscle aches and headaches. I just found out that the Insurance company only paid for the first month of treatments. I don 't know what 's going to happen now because I no longer have insurance.  But I would rather go thru the side effects than get no treatments at all
It 's kind of a good birth-control but my period last at least a month or more and my periods are heavy the whole time and it 's draining me 
Good for birth control and no period! But I have the worst acne  and I used to never have any :( and so much weight gain
I have now taken Flagyl twice, no side effects other than the awful taste. made me dread taking the pills every 12 hours.  did not cure BV either time I used it, and I took it exactly every 12 hours.
I am 18 years old and I started this birth control almost a year ago. I was on a higher dosage bc but switched to this one because I was getting bad side effects with the other. Although I didn 't get pregnant, I wasn 't completely satisfied. It did clear up the acne I had before I started using this bc. But I do have a way lower sex drive, I hardly want to have sex anymore. Not only that, I haven 't had a period in the last 5 months I have been on this birth control. I had consistent periods at the beginning, for 3 days and lighter bleeding than I had before. But lately I have had spotting during any week of the month instead of during my off week. I also cant take other medication, it causes spotting if I do.
I got the nexplanon two weeks after I have my baby March 26th 2016 I had minor spotting bad next month but that was it I haven 't had any periods are spotting since then but I did notice I get headaches more frequently sometimes I get a nauseated feeling dizzy I was getting dizzy a lot but besides that so far so good
I have recurrent back pain, and I 'm currently experiencing an acute episode of back pain and sciatica. I was referred to a pain management doctor, who switched me from 40 mg Percocet per day to 30 mg Xartemis XR per day in the hopes that I could sleep through the night and wake up without extreme pain. After a week, I had to see him again because the medication is supposed to last 12 hours, but it starts to wear off after about 6 hours, and it doesn 't relieve the pain well even when it is in effect. He gave me a prescription for 10 mg Percocet to take twice a day as breakthrough medication, so now I 'm taking a higher daily dose with less effective relief. I 'm asking about other options at my next appointment.
My doctor prescribed me this cream called tretinoin .01% cream. I 've been using this cream for 1 week now and it really dried and peek my skin. I apply moisturizer in the morning but it makes my face looks red and discoloration. But I started to see a little result, it fades the bumps and acne scars on my face ( some of them not all) . After I 've read the reviews , I think it helped me to be patient , I will stick with it.
I liked this medication for a while and then it seemed to increase my anxiety rather than reduce it. I even tried going up in dosage with no effect.
I was prescribed this med because I lost my dad very suddenly recently and suffered my first full blown panic / anxiety attack . The attack itself was the usual numbness and tingling sensation . Hard time breathing and impending doom thoughts . I was told to take on a as needed basis so that 's what I did . I started to have the strangest things happening to my body , flu like symptoms with hot and cold flashes and pain ALL OVER! My usually high blood pressure kept falling and I was dizzy and lightheaded . My doctor attributes it to anxiety and directed me to take more ! So we upped my dose and OMG the pain was worse !! Now I know I might just be sensitive to this drug but my friend had the exact same experience with it . So beware !
&quot;Cymbalta&quot; has helped me, but it has not completely got rid of the suicidal thoughts. However...it has really helped with the depression.
This medicine works, but has side effects. Four out of five people that I know, including myself, who have taken this medicine have had ORAL THRUSH.  Some of us had no pain, but others got huge white patches in their mouth and they hurt.  In my case I didn 't, but it was weird looking.
I have felt sick ever since I started this med as if I have 24 hour flu bug, yet it won 't pass? Any suggestions? I 'm desperate for help I hate to quit on this since it was so costly.
I have the iud for about 4 or 5 months now and at first everything was good. I had a little spotting the first week then I didn 't have a period until about 2 weeks ago in (February 2016). Oddly enough I have not stopped spotting since the actual period ended (after 5 days). It 's ruining my sex life so I am not sure I want to keep it in. The spotting stops for a couple days if that and the starts up again it 's brownish pink and is never really heavy but enough for me to notice. It sucks cause I paid 425$ out of my own pocket for this. It was a huge expence.
It seems to be helping so far, without having to go through detox.
Taking Invokana for 3 months now.  My glucose readings are great.  Have to stop taking this miracle medicine though, because I 've had a relentless feminine itch since I started it.  I 've been suffering through it because it works so well and I can 't take Metformin or Onglyza.  Decided I can 't take the itching anymore, AND MY HAIR IS STARTING TO FALL OUT.  When I comb my hair I get a huge handful every time.  I 've never lost more than a few hairs at a time before.  I sure hope this doesn 't continue.  Don 't have much more to spare!  I 'm also starting to hurt in the kidney area.  Going back to see my doctor.
Had Kyleena for 1 week now and I feel like I have gained weight, skin is now dry and flakey, and been bleeding and a little crampy since. I switched from Nuva Ring where I had zero symptoms, and now this seems like more problems for me even though there is less horomones... Anyone else with the same problems? I am really sad but since I had to pay $450 with no insurance, I feel like its a waste to not stick it out... Heres hoping it gets better.
I 've been taking Pristiq for 3 months. It was working fine. I had to go to 100mg but now it 's getting worse.
this medicine works fairly well, i take the appropriate dosage, no complaints but weight gain.
I also got my implant at the begaining of July 2014. My first period happened 6 weeks after the implant (3 weeks late), and it was very thick, painful, and had a lot of tissue like globs. I went to OBGYN and I didn 't have a miscarriage, she told me that it was normal for the first few periods to be abnormal. About 4 weeks later my next period was very light and lasted 2 weeks. The same thing happened 2 weeks later. Then my next 2 periods were normal. Then 6 months of nothing. I 'm not pregnant, just no period, until yesterday. I have started spotting......since I am no longer sexually active I don 't see the need to keep it. It hasn 't helped with my acne or hormones. If I really didn 't want to get pregnant and I was having sex I could put up.
I use a generic version of Zyrtec and it does help with common allergy symptoms such as sneezing, running nose, etc.  However, it does cause a noticeable feeling of drowsiness in me.  It makes it difficult to be at my sharpest while at work so I am going to try taking it at night to see if that helps.
I am glucose intolerant, so had gained 20kg and couldn 't lose weight no matter how hard I tried.  Doctors suggested surgery, but I refused to even consider that path and so my GP suggested Saxenda.  I have almost finished the trial pack.  I inject in the evening and in the first week lost 3cm &amp; after 2 weeks had lost 1.8kg and another 200g in week 3. There is morning nausea, but I basically just feel like I 've eaten a full meal, all the time.  I am eating about a third of my usual diet and am consistently 2000kj under my target.  Have just commenced 2.4g dose and am hoping for improvement in weigh loss.  So far am a little disappointed.
This medicine is good for mild headaches but it doesn 't touch it if it 's more severe.
Second day on this pill...severe diarrhea. I 'm a dialysis patient so constipation is part of many pills. I think still afraid of going, outside thinking in use of restroom, dizziness, and weak. Good for emergencies but still thinking if someday I will be back to normality with no pills at all.
Insertion did not hurt and it was smooth and easy. I have a small scar and you can kind of see it in my arm. I love it because I don 't have to worry about pills or a loose object floating in my cervix etc. and its effective. I knew my periods would be unpredictable with spotting. I was on Depo for 2 yrs without a period or weight gain. On Implanon within a year I started paying attention to my periods and it varied from spotting a few days to a period every other week. My calendar was all over the pace. And to top the hated spotting the hormones made me have a bad smell the first day of my period/spotting. And I had terrible mood swings and emotions which I never had before around that time. I could feel myself crying or cursing my husband out for nothing.
I was on Yaz for almost 3 years. It was great for the first 2 3/4 years! I felt like it helped with my moods and cramps before my period and just worked great overall. A few months ago though, I started having PMS for 2 weeks straight and month by month after it the PMS creeped up into the entire month! I would cry for absolutely no reason or from the smallest thing, be very irritable and angry over little things, depressed, nightmares, hungry all the time, extremely tired all the time- coffee did nothing, weight gain etc. Went off it about 5 days ago and feel so much better!
My doctor prescribed this to me for my depression as well as my insomnia, he started me on 50mg and ended being bumped up to 300mg. Maybe I just have a strong tolerance for medication because I was also having to take 300 mg of Seroquel. I stopped taking the trazodone for a while because while on both medications a bomb could go off next to me and not wake me up, but now I am just taking the trazodone due to the Seroquel costing an arm a leg and a foot. But since I have done that now I get major migraines when taking it and have had to up my dose to 500mg. Every now and then I will wake up with a migraine still and sometimes it makes me sick when I don 't take it with a full glass and a half of milk.
I had my wisdom teeth removed 3 weeks ago and everything was fine until yesterday morning my face swelled and had pain that basically locked my jaw in place. I went to my ortho surgeon and he prescribed clindamycin for an infection. I 'm prescribed it for once every 4 hours. After taking the first pill I went and laid down not thinking about it...burning came immediately. I 'm drinking water like crazy and it 's helping but I 'm worried for what is to come. I 've never had side effects to any medicine.
I 'm on my first pack of Loestrin and so far I 've had some serious cramps! Face is clear, mood swings are out of this world! The other day I was so irritated with everything and everyone! I have had some breakthrough bleeding but I have not gotten my period yet. I 'm on the last week of pills! If these cramps don 't go away and these mood swings don 't stop I have to get off this medication!
I am 31 years old and have been taking diltiazem 120 mg for 4 months now, after the other medications ' side effects kept me from being able to function at home and work. It is partly effective at treating my supraventricular tachycardia, but it caused me to develop acne all over my chest, abdomen, shoulders and entire back. I have stop taking the medication 2 days ago to see if the acne begins to reside. I have a cardiac ablation scheduled for a week and a half from today, and will hopefully be off all medication if it is a successful procedure.
I am 26 and have been on this birth control for 4 months. One of the main reasons I am on birth control is for acne this pill has cleared up my face. My periods are lighter and over all my mood is stable, a little more needy and cry a little more (con). And I have noticed I am darker skin tone since I 've been on this pill (tan with out tanning, this is a plus and this is a listed side effect) no weight gain. The Cons- my hair on my head has thinned out alot and I have noticed more facial hair(some neck hairs and a noticeable mustache that weren 't there b4 this pill), I even bought nioxin for my hair. My sex drive isn 't horrible but it has decreased for sure. Switching pills.
I have been off and on Lunesta 3mg for over 10 years.The reason I get off of it, I gain a tolerance to it, so I have to try something else so I can get Lunesta out of my system. Usually I get on Valium 10mg or stronger because nothing else works.I can stay awake for weeks. Yes, weeks. My longest time staying awake, 20 days.Lunesta works for a lot of people, I just have a high tolerance to most medications.
After 4 unsuccessful medications, this one made me the most balanced and even.
I was prescribed Metformin in combination with Clomid - not sure if it 's working yet. It has upset my stomach whether I take it with food or not. Other than that, I haven 't experienced any side effects.
I have a low-risk strain of HPV. I noticed 8 years ago a teeny tiny little white spot, size of a point of a ball point pen near the opening of my vagina. Never showed up in any STI tests, never passed to my partner of 7 years, had it even before I met him. 2 acid treatments didn 't do the trick, was prescribed this. After 3 treatments, in the night I fell off the bed because my legs were numb, was super dizzy, blurred vision, flu like symptoms. I put vaseline around the area so the surrounding skin isnt touched with this cream, but the raw swollen skin has gone to the size of a quarter when it was the amount of a ball point pen area that I was treating, I stopped using it after 10 days (8 times used) lil wart is still there but smaller
I had sling surgery for stress incontinence. I can laugh, cough, sneeze and no leakage. I had minimal urge incontinence, but since the surgery, the urge incontinence is 100% more. I need to go every 30 minutes and have to wear the thickest pad. I have been told that I can retrain my bladder/mind if I hold on until the urge goes away, this may take months to do. I am reluctant to have botox. Has anyone done this?
For 4 years I was on Yaz. I stopped when I got pregnant and waited over a year to get back on the pill. I couldn 't handle even general PMS: bloating, cramping, achy body, emotional roller coaster, break-outs, not to mention feeling tired and irritable. So I went to my OB-GYN to get back on Yaz, but she prescribed BeYaz instead. 
I 've been on it for a month and I am thinking of changing. I have had headaches so bad they make me want to cry 24/7. I also have been nauseous almost every single day after being on it for a week. I have been extremely emotional and had times when I feel very shaky. The fact that this puts of a lot more hormones then other birth control is the reason it is causing me to have these reactions I think.
I 'm 35 years old and no children. I had Mirena put in about a month and a half ago. Insertion was not painful. Kind of like pap smear but longer. Little cramps but I thought - was that it? So nothing major there. Just that I 've been spotting ever since. I feel like it 's getting old but I 'm trying to hang in there like my doctor told me. Already had my check up visit and she said everything looks fine. I do think I 'm gaining weight. In-between the insertion and check up 5 bounds. Now I feel bloated and fat. But I 'm determined to hang in there and see what happens. Overall I would recommend Mirena. The easiness of having birth control for the next 5 years for couple of months of spotting - I 'll take it.
This drug does help with anxiety. But this drugs attack on your mind and your soul when you suddenly quit this med is hell!!! I advise everyone to stay away from benzos. They will rob you of your life and your sanity. I have recently stumble across a amino acid that works better than a .5mg of lorazepam. It has no side effects and is actually good for you!!! Its called L theanine. This is a amazing natural supplement for anxiety and phobias. Its 100% safe and it works better for me than lorazepam. I take 400 mg a day. 200mg in the morning and 200mg with a 3mg melatonin at night for restful sleep. I stopped benzos after being on them for 2 years for horrible panic and anxiety 5 days ago. I started this regimen 2 days ago and it killed the withdrawals.
NuvaRing did do what is was supposed to which was prevent pregnancy. I personally liked the pill better than the ring. I was on NuvaRing for about 3 months and had to stop taking it because of the ridiculous mood swings I was having. I&rsquo;ve always had heavy and long periods that last about 8 days but the NuvaRing seemed to extend them even longer, to about 10-12 days but they were lighter. It also seemed to increase cramping which was something I never had problems with before but it wasn&rsquo;t unbearable. Only issue was the mood swings that drove me absolutely insane lol. I wouldn&rsquo;t say it&rsquo;s the worst BC, but I definitely feel that there are better options. I guess it just wasn&rsquo;t for me, but everyone reacts differently.
&quot;Cymbalta&quot; has helped me, but it has not completely got rid of the suicidal thoughts. However...it has really helped with the depression.
This is a follow-up to my review a few weeks ago.  I experienced no side effects at all up until I had injected the fourth time.  At that point, I began to have site itching, but I could live with that.  The fifth time was two days ago, and I was startled to see that the injection site was  angry  and red about the size of a silver dollar.  I still have itching, but the appearance of the site is alarming.  I worry about future injections causing a serious reaction.  There are also the lumps and nodules now.  Think I 'll talk to my doctor tomorrow.
I 've taken four doses for a sinus infection.  So far no real improvement, but I 'm not worse either.  I 'll wait a few more days before calling the doc. Hope it works for me as it did for all of you.  I was itchy the first night but that went away.
I started taking Otezla in January 2015 &amp; stopped in August due to price. It definitely helped my Psoriasis &amp; also psoriatic arthritis but not completely. There are many side affects that are not mentioned. I had very bad backache &amp;  also my Hb A1c went up to 6.2 though I am not diabetic &amp; also lost weight on Otezla. After stopping Otezla now A1c is 5.7 &amp; backache is better too.
This drug literally saved my life, from suicidal to loving and living life again. It was quite quick acting too, my anxiety after a week was way less and each week it just was less and less. After 6 weeks I 'm almost high on life, endless energy, I laugh, can love and hug my kids again, and feel like ME again, and realise how many years it 's been since I felt like me.BUT the side effects :( I 'm really gutted because this drug has worked a miracle, but the longer I 'm on it the worst the side effects become.  Stabbing aching pains in muscles in arms and legs, feet, massive bladder spasms and bladder leaking (Never had bladder issues before) and sleep is effected badly too, I wake up wide awake a lot and can 't sleep past 4am
I just wanted to share my experience in case any of you are experiencing a delayed period after taking EllaOne. I had unprotected sex on the 8th of November, and I was on the pill but I really hadn 't taken it properly that month, I got EllaOne and took it about two hours after the unprotected sex. I was due my period the following Monday but it never came. I had extremely light spotting and cramps, I freaked myself out thinking this was implantation bleeding and took multiple tests which were all negative.My period for that month didn 't come, even though the doctor I went to about a separate issue said this wasn 't possible. My period finally came today, 3 weeks and 4 days late! try not to worry, I drove myself crazy about it for no reason!
So ive been prescribed Aubra due to some irresponsible decisions. I have been on it for nearly 3 weeks and I have been bleeding ever since I started it. I began taking it the first day of my period and my period normally only lasts 3 to 4 days. Aubra caused it to last 6 days. A few days later I began bleeding slightly and I had to use panty liners for a couple days then it got a bit heavier and now I have to use liners or pads. When I first started taking it, I had terrible mood swings and my period was terrible. I am hoping that it gets better and the bleeding stops. It is uncomfortable and I feel very unclean.
So far I have had more anxiety and I feel random pains I only been on this for a week now
I have been taking Lisinopril for 3 years with no change in my BP. In fact, it has slowly risen over 3 years. I bring this up with my doctor but she says that is due to white coat effect. My BP now reads between 170/90 - 200/110 at the doctor 's office, at work and at home. I 've been going to the gym now for 3 years, including using the stair master 3-4 times per week. Should I fire my doctor? Ask for another treatment? Is this normal?
Works fine for me after 1 month using 3 gm daily but side effect was bad . Back and muscle pain. I can 't move from pain.
Ativan 0.5mg calms me down considerably within 30 minutes, but the side effects are so bad that I can 't continue to take it. I experienced EXTREME, loss of energy, tiredness, laziness, apathy, and increase in appetite.  This might be okay for someone who 's at home trying to recover from panic attacks, but not for me. I work 5 days a week and this past week that I was only taking 1 x 0.5mg pill a day was the absolute worst week I 've ever had at work, living in a fog and totally wiped out of energy. I hardly got ANYTHING done which is totally out of character for me.  Also when this medicine wears off in a few hours it makes me very irritable and nervous. 
Followed low fiber diet for about five days. Doctor told me to take one Ducolax pill for two nights prior to the prep.  I think this made the prep work more quickly. Anyway, the Suprep... The worst tasting, vile liquid I ever drank.  I was surprised that the majority seemed to not mind the flavor too much. Tastes like cherry cough syrup? NO WAY, but managed to drink it.  A thick straw I think is best. The prep itself was fine.  First dose I took at 4:30 pm. Started to work within 15 minutes and lasted no more then two to three hours.  Second dose around 12 hours later, same results.  I had no side effects--no nausea, bloating, vomitting, etc. Seemed to do the job.
Gradually increased dose to 450mg which helped a bit with anxiety but gave me stomach cramp so had to discontinue.
My moods have been horrible. At first I was extremely angry and temperamental. Now depressed and do not want to be touched. I 've been on it 5 weeks. Thought I was going crazy then tonight remembered that I changed birth control recently.
So far, I 've been on it 2 months after switching from Apri, which I was on for about 3 years. I suppose I 'm still in the transition stage, because Apri is a single hormone dosage, but for 2 weeks out of the pack, I am absolutely miserable. I 'm terribly moody, cry for no reason like before I started birth control. I only switched because its cheaper. 
I have been taking Anastrozole for  1 and half years now for breast cancer.  I have been having problems with my hands, stiffness of legs, short of breath, insomnia, thinning hair, weight gain and really bad hot flashes. I am going to ask my doctor about my chances of returning breast cancer if I stop taking this or try something else.
I have been taking Remeron for a month now for depression, anxiety, loss of appetite and insomnia.  I have experienced a red swelling burning sensation in my face and neck - almost like a sunburn, painful, lasting at least two days then still feeling a little sensitive in my face and neck. My sleep is better, however there are still nights when it takes me a couple of hours to fall asleep, other times I go out like a light.  My appetite is better and I am not as anxious  anymore.  I have tried many other anti-depressants and Remeron(30mg) is the best for me by far.  I only hope that the face problem goes away.  I did read a comment here by someone who was experiencing facial edema.  In the monograph it does allude to this.
I 've been taking this pill for almost a month and this is the first birth control I 've ever taken. My periods always came the same time for about 5 days once a month but now that I 'm on this pill I 've had my period for almost 9 days and still heavy bleeding not to mention I shouldn 't be starting my actual peroid for another week or two. But I do have to say my face is really clear though I usually don 't break out that bad anyways. Also haven 't noticed any weight gain yet. My sex drive is still very high but I can 't do anything about it when I 'm continuously bleeding all the time. 
I had been on Yaz for close to a year and was using the Bayer card program to get my refills for $25. With the intro of Beyaz into the market, Bayer no longer offers the discounted price for Yaz, so my OBGYN switched me over so I could continue to use my savings card. Since Beyaz is the EXACT same as Yaz, just with folate, I expected to feel no different. SO WRONG! I am SO moody on Beyaz, fine one day and insane the next, crying for no reason, terrible all day headaches, and breaking out. I was NEVER like that on Yaz! Luckily my pharmacy has kept both prescriptions active so I can switch back to Yaz and just buy the generic. I miss paying $25 but I will pay $59 to be sane.
I am on my 2nd week of this pill and have had terrible diarrhea, nausea, pelvic and leg pain, headaches,  frequent thirst and much more. I want to switch but my doctor tells me its not possible for that medicine to cause those side effects.
I was nauseated for a couple of hours after taking the first prep. It was effective in doing what it was designed to do. However, my side effects lingered for 2 weeks after the colonoscopy. I became severely constipated with stomach bloating and pain. I was beginning to think I had an obstruction. Even taking a double dose of Miralax and another laxative at night I was having very little success. After about 2 weeks the problem resolved itself and all was good.
The first few days, 0.3mg did put me to sleep but I had to wake up and take another dose four hours later. The orthostatic hypotension was so bad, the next morning I felt like I was dragging and fatigued much easier. Working out was impossible!
My son was born 4 1/2 months ago and my mother suggested I get the Nexplanon. I agreed because no period and 3 years of protection sounded great. None explained to me that I would bleed for several months before the period stopped. I 'm on day 42 of my period with all the symptoms. On top of that, my arm constantly aches where the implant is especially if I hold too much weight. Though I would get this again since it prevents pregnancy long term with one application, people should know exactly what to expect.
Today my doctor told me to try Guaifenesin for fibromyalgia. I 'm thankful for all the reviews offered here especially the one saying to purchase the single ingredient product to be safe. I get a lot of side effects. I purchased the store brand Tussin which only has Guaifenesin as the active ingredient. I 'm starting today and I 'm very optimistic about improvement. I will post another review as soon as I can see the benefits.
After being diagnosed with anxiety and depression Prozac is the first antidepressant I was prescribed. It took a while to kick in my body and then I had to even up the dose after a month or so. After faithfully taking it everyday I noticed I started to stutter a lot. I 've never in my life had a speech problem. It got so bad that I had to stop taking it although it did make me feel better every day. Hoping to try something else!
Methadone helps with my chronic back pain, but if I don 't take my dose I start to feel really, really bad.
I was put on metronidazole 500 mg and Cipro 500 mg twice daily for diverticulitis. I noticed the pain eased up after 2 days. I 'm on day 5 and I feel horrid. Diarrhea, headache, tired, dizzy, nauseous, foggy headed, anxiety, depression and body pain. I don 't know if I can do this for 5 more days!
hi all readersbeen on clonazepam low dose for 2 months , consultant upped med to 2mg at night to help with sleep  &amp;restless syndrome  ,started to loose short term memory palpitations at night and falling out of bed for some reason.have reduced med to 1.5 mg  but will take it 3 times a day  less peaks , seeing consultant sept 2016 and may ask for a change ,also taking Pregbalin   200 mg am &amp; PM 1 year.  Ihope consultant can resolve Clonazipam as anxiety is reduced and do  not worry so much .hope this helps , I think memory problems are common with clonazipam , not sure if this improves  over time or gets worse,
I 'm 19 and I 've been on Aviane for 8 days now. I switched from Diane 35. I never experienced side effects while on my old pill, but I had to change pills because the other one has more estrogen and is also for acne, which I don 't have much of anymore. Since being on Aviane, I 've been having cramps very often. I 've been feeling nauseous and yesterday I vomited. I also felt very tired for a few days, even though I had slept over 10 hours the previous nights. On the plus side, it hasn 't affected my skin and my sex drive is normal. I 'll see how I feel by the end of the month.
Been on this for 4 months now and it has brought relief that I hadn 't had in yrs. I have too many issues to name. My dose was upped this month to 7.5. I found that after abt 5 days the patch is wearing off. Last month the dr changed the rx to every 5 days instead of 7 but this presented a bit of a problem w/ins filling it. Since there 's only 4 in a box I had to go back on day 20 to fill again (w/additional copy). Still, every 5 days was better but I did still have breakthrough pain. The prob for me was that the dr changed me from 4x a day tramadol to 3x a day so I still had issues This is my 2nd week on higher dose and back to 4x day tram. The patch is good but I have rash/itch at app site and contstipation that I didn 't have w/Norco.
I 'm very confused about my experience on Yaz.  Had no initial breakout and my skin was improving up until about a month and half ago. There were minor breakouts every now and then though. Yet lately (after 7 and half months) my skin has been breaking out constantly. Big pimples mostly along my chin and jawline but few on my lip and cheeks too. I 'm going to see my GP as soon as possible to see whether this is just a random flare up or whether Yaz is just not for me. I suppose it works differently for everyone.
My son has taken this before and it worked fine.  My 17 month old daughter was just prescribed this after amoxicillin didn 't take care of her ear infection.  After 4 days, her gums swelled up really bad, became bright red and then started bleeding on the 5 day. She also developed diarrhea.  I immediately took her back and they put her on Zithromax.  I think we are finally on something that will work for her.  My son can take this medication, but my daughter can 't.
I 'm in my mid 20 's and bipolar. I was put on this to treat ADHD since I 've always struggled in school and I 'm completely unorganized. The first day I took it, it put me to sleep. After a few days of sleeping a lot I could focus! The only bad thing was when I worked out I would get funny vision, like I was going to pass out. Which doesn 't help since I 'm a fitness professional. I think the lower dosage worked better, once I went up to 60  I couldn 't focus, slept all the time, felt depressed, and the vision got worse. I gave this medicine 8 weeks just to see if the side effects would dissipate and sadly it didn 't. I did lose a few pounds, but nothing drastic (a loss of 3lbs.. I 'm female 5&quot;3 and 105).
I 've been on Accutane for almost 4 months now. My skin is getting better everyday and I 'm really happy with the physical results. However, Accutane began to give me depression during the first week and it has stuck with me since. Although the side effect has not gotten worse (and won 't, I 've asked my dermatologist). It 's definitely not good and I 've read that it won 't go away until a few months after I have finished my course. NOTE: I had already suffered depression before beginning the course &amp; it is hereditary in my family.
I liked this medication at first, lost about ten pounds, no appetite, very calm, anxiety and snappiness gone! But the bad side effects which ultimately made me get off this medicine were tranced feelings, like in a coma, felt beige, people asked why I was so melancholy, no sex drive and sleepiness.
I am on day 2 of 20 mg escitalopram and this is my first time taking any kind of SSRI. The first day I got really sleepy and felt kind of numb. Also extremely nauseous and a little loss of appetite. Today(day 2) I didn 't get sleepy right away after taking the pill and I am not as nauseous. Oh I have been yawning a lot. I have Generalized Anxiety Disorder and Social Anxiety. Overall it isn 't bad so far.
Been on this for 5 years now, not a magic bullet, but still works fairly well. I have NO side effects at all, and never have from this drug. I eat fine, sleep fine, no headaches. I used to cry all the time and had OCD as well, this helps with  the crying, the OCD is a little better too. I get worried that I might be becoming immune to it, but I will cross that bridge later. Give it a try, the side effects are not a factor for everyone.
Insertion was done on 6/16/2016. My doctor did advise me to take ibuprofen 600mg at least an hour and half prior to my visit. Followed her directions yet insertion was still painful. It took about less than three minutes, but the pain was immediate. I drove myself home which was a huge mistake. I cried while driving on my way home from the pain! Since then, I have not had a day where I don 't take ibuprofen for my cramps. My cramps are really disrupting and occur ONLY when I am active at work. Over this past weekend, I decided to stop taking ibuprofen because I knew I would be drinking that weekend. The pain stopped all weekend but come Monday at noon after my lunch, my cramps came back and they came back stronger.
I started belviq Monday May 2nd. I have yet to feel an results. If anything I feel like eating everything I see.. I 'm wanting to eat more than I did before starting it. I have read some reviews showing that the medicine took a few weeks to start working. I hope this is my case. I do feel very sleeping after I take it. It is harder for me to get up in the mornings. I feel like I am in such a deep sleep since I have started. I haven 't had any headaches but have noticed dry mouth.
Been on the med a month now.  Down 10 lbs.  Tiredness went away but have been having really irritating chest pains every day.  Cardiologist said I was fine so I really don 't know what 's going on.  Had to stop the med pre-surgery for four days and the pains stopped.  Back on the med and they 're back again.  Wondering if anyone else has this issue.
Soma does work. At first it will make you sleepy then it gets easier but it does not take away your pain just allows you to tolerate it a little better.
So I 've been using Strattera 40-50-60mg since 8 months. The 50 and 60 mg dose got me very confused and I made a lot of mistakes at my job so I stopped and restart with 40 mg. At the beginning the most common side effects were: nausea, dry mouth, constipation and &quot;sinus headache&quot;.. but it stopped after a couple of weeks. However, I started to get migraines (got 5 since I take strattera)... and I haven 't got one for the last 6 years before (I 'm 22 years old and I had a lot of migraines when I was 10-16 years old)... so I will stop taking the medicine. I also hurt my esophagus scphincter while vomiting cause of a migraine.. and now I have GERD.So even if it makes me feel very calm and I can eat and sleep, I think I 'll be better without it.
I was on Lexapro for about 3 months.  Side effects for me included jaw pain (at first, or when dosage was increased) and constant nightmares.  Although it did help my mood somewhat, the nightmares worried my psychiatrist and she switched me to Paxil.
I have had a really ruff time sleeping the last 6 months and i have tried other sleeping pills but had bad reactions to them. I was told to use melatonin and so my dr perscribed me 5mg and i was able to relax and get good sleep but sadly i wake up with a lot of groggyness that literally lasts all day. I feel like im rested but if i shut my eyes i would fall out.
I started taking Wellbutrin 2 months ago. I do not suffer from depression, I have generalized anxiety and panic disorder. It is definitely very helpful for the generalized anxiety as I am not feeling anxious 24/7. But the longer I take it, the more I experience unpleasant side effects. Out of any antidepressant I have tried, it is the only one that does not effect my sex drive, which is a plus. But I have a very difficult time falling asleep, even with the addition of sleep medication, I get constipated frequently, it makes me nauseous and dizzy, my muscles ache even though I work out regularly, I am itchy all the time, my appetite is irregular, I 'm moody, and I still have panic attacks.
Decided to try NV because the pill was inconvenient. Thought, it is the lowest level of hormones available, it is of local action- so should be few side effects due to minimal systemic absorption. Wrong. I felt moody the whole entire time. And in my mind I knew it wasn 't my typical disposition, but it was so overpowering, I just couldn 't help it. In addition, I felt itchy all over my legs. I was constantly scratching. There were no hives or ingrown hairs, and I didn 't change anything else in terms of my activities/diet/medicines. I felt tired all day long, every day. And the worst thing was this terrible rash on my forehead that looked like tiny acne. That was the last drop before I pulled it out.
I have 2 herniated discs, I 've had steroid injections twice, which work for a while. I 've been on Diclofenic for 2 months, the first month was great it reduced my pain dramatically and was able to function / work properly. I ran out of the meds for 3 days and used shop meds (not great), I 've been back on Diclofenic for 5 days and it 's not working at all, been back to docs who 's prescribed Gabapentin, the combination is t working and I 'm almost in intolerable pain again.
Zoloft was the first antidepressant I had been put on. It was mainly prescribed for my anxiety but also for my problems with depression and as soon as I started taking I started to feel better (possible placebo effect). I had to build up the dosage slowly because the side effects were moderately harsh on me. Although it did not make me tired like Luvox does to me, it gave me stomach aches and decreased appetite. And I had periods of dizziness as well. I was beginning to see improvement especially because I began it during the summer when most of my stress was coming from school. But after about 3 months when I went on vacation, my symptoms came back out of nowhere and I slowly went off of it. I am on Luvox now. I am 14 years old.
I have been on Micardis 40mg then 80mg for the last 10 years. My blood pressure hovers around 140-150/90-95. I am 5 '11&quot; and weigh 105kg. I 've not had any major side effects that I can tell, but recently in the last 1 year when I turned 44, I started to experience insomnia. At first it was for a few days, then weeks. The longest bout of insomnia I had was 5 weeks where I couldn 't sleep (tossing/turning) until 5-6am. Thereafter I could sleep for about 2 or 3 hours before I had to get up for work. I 've checked some medical websites and apparently telemisartan drugs like Micardis may cause insomnia.
I was given the titration pack also. I started on the 12.5mg twice daily and did fine. I noticed within 30mins to one hour of taking it I am past out and asleep like a baby. Then when I moved up to 25mg twice daily: I still sleep like a baby. I also notice a reduction in pain, still stiff though. I also noticed another change that I haven 't heard anybody mention which is a decrease in libido. I also started dealing with irritable, agitated, hostile, aggressive, restless, hyperactive (mentally and physically) behavior. So, my doctor told me to try taking one 25mg pill a day and see how that works for me. I have experienced mild hot flashes and sweats, increased constipation. Sticking to it though.
Although Qsymia was very effective in helping me curb my appetite and helped me lose weight - lost about 20 lbs in about 5 - it was slow, but was losing and that was great because I wasn 't gaining.  Problem is if you don 't ultimately change your overall eating habits and unless you want to stay on Qsymia forever - at $130/month - or more - depending on your insurance and any discounts that might be available - you will gain your weight back.  Personally, I don 't want another &quot;temporary&quot; fix....and I don 't want to pay $130 +/month to manage my weight....I need to change my mind set....it 's all in your mind - if you keep the focus and you want to lose weight you will....that 's what I 'm telling myself....I need to focus!
Update: I was doing completely fine on this rx until yesterday morning. I had a seizure at work and was transported to the hospital Dr stated the contave caused and I needed to discontinue immediately.  Please be safe; most scary experience in my life.
I have been on Cymbalta for about 3 months for anxiety. Started at 30mgs for the first two weeks then up to 60. My doctor also prescribed me Lorazepam for the occasional &quot;melt down&quot;. Before Cymbalta I was anxious about everything, whether it made sense or not. Had &quot;melt downs&quot; at least three times a week. I have noticed a huge change, my family has as well. I feel like myself, not afraid or anxious.But I missed two doses (just two) and am now experiencing some not so fun withdrawal symptoms. I 'm extremely nauseous, dizzy, brain feels muddled and I 'm feeling a bit depressed/emotional. Now, I seem to be questioning this &quot;miracle drug&quot; and think I may need to find another way to deal with my anxiety issues.
Effective? Maybe. But IT IS EVERYTHING Hester V. said and more!!! DO NOT TAKE THIS PILL! I also had my prescription thru CVS and they switched it on their own--not the doctor--due to insurance, price, etc.....DON 'T DO IT---It 's not worth it! Constant headaches, weight gain, blurred or double vision, major mood swings--every single side effect is true.
I was soooo hopeful after reading all of the reviews that SooIantra would be my magic ticket to clear skin after 3 months of a severe rosacea breakout. I have been using the cream once daily for almost 4 weeks and I haven 't noticed the slightest change in my skin. It 's possible the papules are even worse. I am really hoping things turn around soon...not going to give up yet, however I am thinking about taking antibiotics in conjunction as I don 't think I can stand it much longer. I will post another update soon!
It definitely helps me go to sleep but keeping me asleep is where I run into issues. I wake up just as much as before. some morning nausea for the first few hours but other than that it is fine.
I have been on and off the patch for 2 years now. The first time using the patch I used it for 8-9 months and liked the fact that I had regular 3 day periods, no acne, and no weight gain. I did experience cramping and terrible moods. I was off for about 6-7 months due to being sexually inactive and then started up again 4 months ago. This time around I experienced horrible break outs that just started to subside, bad cramping, depressive moods (complete loss of control oved my emotions), irritability and heavy periods. The only plus side  is that my breasts have grown a full cup size and no spotting during the month. Unfortunately the con 's outweigh the pro 's and so I 've decided to try pills again (Tri clyen), hoping to be myself again!
I took this pill for 3 months, and I got acne after 6 days of the first pack. It never cleared up completely until after I stopped taking the pill. It would clear up a little during the placebo week. I 've never had a problem with hormonal acne, and I broke out over my shoulders, and chin significantly. It was extremely embarrassing,
I had my IUD inserted on Jan 21. Almost a month later, I started to bleed as if it were my period. It was very heavy. My periods normally last 5 days and taper off almost completely by day 7. Since February 15, I have been bleeding heavily. Soaking through tampons and pantiliners with no end in sight. It 's now March 3 and I 'm not sure how much longer I should let this go on before I see my doctor. They told me to expect bleeding but I 'm afraid this isn 't exactly what they meant.
I took EllaOne 15 hours after I had unprotected sex with a guy I met at this trip I went on by myself; he ended up coming inside me. My cycle lasts for 30 to 32 days, and I had sex during my 21st day, so I was just starting the Luteal Phase (infertile). However, as a  woman, despite using any contraception or the pill, I always have a little doubt in my mind, and it remains there until I get my next period. After taking the pill, I was told that, to be sure it had worked, I had to bleed a little. The pharmacist told me that was false. My period 's supposed to arrive anytime now. Even though I know that one of the side effects is that it may delay my period, I 've never been more scared in my life. I haven 't experienced any complications, tho.
I switched from Yaz to Ortho Tri Cyclen Lo and I 've been on it for almost three years. I liked it for the most part, my period was very predictable every month with minor pain-no mood swings or weight gain. I do get yeast infections more often than I ever have before though and I did get breast tenderness from time to time. I have now been off it for almost three weeks because my hands and feet have been swelling up. I 've been tested for everything and so far all my blood work has come back negative so the only culprit at this moment is the Ortho Tri-Cyclen Lo. 
I stayed on Celexa for about 6 years, as it was the SSRI with the least side effects.  It worked fine for my depression, and took 6 weeks to become effective (that 's about the same as I experienced with all SSRIs).  I ended up going off of it due to profuse sweating and elevated blood pressure (my normal is 110/70, it shot to 135/90).  Diarrhea, weird dreams and constant tiredness were also problems.
I am 15 years old and was diagnosed with ADHD when I was 6. I feel Concerta is like a mental steroid. I focus 50% more and understand the things I 'm taught better. Honestly, I really do not like Concerta. I have muscle twitches, nervousness, agitation, a complete lose of appetite, (which gets to the point where I almost pass out due to suppressed hunger pains) tiredness, mellowness, confusion, mood swings quite frequently, irritation of the eyes which is one of the things I absolutely hate, and more. I am not autistic but sometimes I feel like I am during school. My social life is completely impaired. When I take Concerta I am a very dull person. I am constantly paranoid, always worried about what others think of me.
I have been bleeding for 2 months straight, nonstop. I am not a happy camper. I only got this shot to stop my cycles for a bit, but I got totally the opposite. I will not get another shot,  ever.
I was prescribed Seroquel when I had just recently been put on Buspar for anxiety and was not feeling beneficial effects yet. It was a break glass in case of emergency medication for me. Thankfully, the Buspar did not take too long to kick in and I only had to take a few of the Seroquel. It has been a few years since then and I still had the mostly full bottle with me. My new doctor decided to stop refilling my Trazodone for 4 months and so I started taking Seroquel again at night to help me sleep. It did help me sleep and did wonders for my anxiety and occasional racing thoughts, however over the course of a month, I managed to gain 40 lbs. I have since run out and am happily taking Trazodone again, but I have not lost any of this weight. I was not terribly excited about my weight before and now I 'm nearing 200 lbs, which is not a healthy weight for me.
I feel the need to write a review of this medication as I am currently experiencing severe withdrawal symptoms from missing one dose. There was a mix up with a new insurance company and I unfortunately had to miss yesterdays dose. I have never felt this way after missing one dose of a medication and I have taken several different antidepressants over the last 10 years. I have the sweats, nausea, vomiting, diarrhea and I have been crying uncontrollably all day. I did have benefits from taking this medication for the past three years but I worry about continuing to take it any longer.
I started lo loestrin in July and found my self becoming very stressed out and depressed all the time. I also felt easily angered so I decided to stop taking it. My period pains came back and I decided to retry it in December. Since then I 've gained 5 pounds and bloat super easy! Even when I only eat small meals. I also have been getting strong persistent cramps every night. I 'm looking to switch to a different birth control.
I 've been using the patch for about 6 months now because it 's more  convenient, my periods are regulated which is good but the bad part is I have terrible mood swings with the patch espically the first couple days of a new one, I took a month break from it just to see if it still happened but I was fine and as soon as I started using the patch again back to my grumpy, moody self. I also experience swollen tender breasts which is absolutely not fun.
I was on this birth control for over 4 years. I had to stop in October because I changed health insurance so I decided to let my body have a little rest before going on a new one. It has been 6 months and I have not gotten a period since stopping the birth control. Before I went on it I had regular monthly cycles, but this birth control messed everything up. Also, about 3 years into taking the pills I started to develop scarring cystic acne that hasn 't gone away even after stopping. This birth control clearly did something to my hormones that I am hoping could be reversed. The only reason why I am giving it any stars is because while I was on it I didn 't have any side effects and periods were super light (when I got them)
I got it inserted in December 2015, I spotted for about a week with minor cramps. For the first 3 months I had a cycle, but after that I may spot here and there.  The only thing is that I keep gaining weight. I have tried eatin better and working out.
Medicine was fine at 20mg dose.  When my Doctor increased dose to 40mg, I started having increased muscle stiffness, especially in the morning.
I 've been taking birth control for three years now. The Orsythia is the only birth control that has made me gain weight, I 'm constantly hungry. I get moody a lot. And I 've  only taken this pill for three months.
I was on this medication 8 months ago. The first three months were okay, no obvious side effects. After a problem at the pharmacy I didn 't have access for 3 weeks and then continued on it for another 3 months and I am having the bad abdominal pain and sweeping yet again. This time it feels like a radiating infection type of pain. Sharp pains in te front where I suspect my bladder is. I am now having this bloody mucus instead of bowel movements, I have also been experiencing hair loss in great amounts during showers. This medication seems to work at first and then begins to wreck havoc in other areas after extended use. I am on a strict IC diet so I know that that is not the contributing factor.
I have it for less than a year. Was great at first but I have had my period for 4 weeks straight... I have not gained weight but my skin is not as nice as it was when I was on the pill. I am considering having it removed since I would prefer to have regular consistent periods than one for 4 weeks and counting
Have been feeling backed up. I 'm a big guy so I took 4 pills about 7:45 this evening. After reading these testimonials, I now realize I have made a mistake.
I have been off and on this medication for the past year and a half. The first month or two, I am very bloated, moody/depressed, no sex drive, and I have a period that lasts 2 weeks. If I stick with it for a few months, the good thing is that I stop having a period altogether, and the bloating and moodiness seem to stabilize. However, it continues to have a very negative effect on my sex drive, which seems kind of counter-intuitive for what you want in a birth control medication. Like at least one other contributor here, I thought it couldn 't actually be the pill, but when I 've gone off of it (because of side effects), the side effects are gone within the week.
Just wanted to share my experience getting OFF metoprololER 25 mg, and switching to Diltiazem ER, 120 mg. After a pulmonary embolism (no symptoms except PVCs), I suffered PVC w/anxiety and panic attacks, even while treating blood clots with Coumadin. I was put on 25 mg metoprolol ER to help the anxiety and PVCs- it helped  immediately. I stayed on several years. I continued the dosage, and tried to stay/get in shape. I steadily gained weight, assumed it was age. Exercising felt impossible. After a year or so, I was also having afternoon hypotension upon standing quickly. I developed symptoms of asthma and chest tightness + fatigue. I was switched to Diltiazem. After 8 days of body adjustment (w/small amt Ativan 2 days), I again feel human.
I don 't have much to go on as I just got my Liletta placed today. For me, my experience wasn 't pleasant at all! I was nervous about my decision to have an IUD vs the birth control I have been on for 10+ yrs. I made my decision as I am 34, 3 children, &amp; a smoker (I know-I know). With all facts considered an IUD is the most healthy option for me. This review is on my insertion experience, &amp; let me tell you it was awful! The insertion was painful, but bearable, the cramps that came after were basically labor (contractions) pain! I had to pull over &amp; my fiance had to pick me up. After a few hours, some ibuprofen, and a heating pad the cramping is finally bearable. For those who had minimal pain, you are so lucky. Hope this is worth it. Will update.
It is useful but I have headaches during usage.
Been taking 0.5-1mg clonazepam for 20  years for PTSD flashbacks. Diagnosed with Parkinson 's 3 years ago. Because of scoliosis and spinal stenosis the only exercise I can do comfortably is stationary bike. Usually do this 5 out of 7 days a week. The past week or so I did none for various reasons. The past several nights the RLS has been so bad I 've awakened 3-4 times and tried the clonazepam. Helped at first, but for no more than 1 hour. From reading articles I think I must get myself back to the bike. Then I 'll know for sure. The clonazepam still works very well for panic/anxiety/flash backs. Thankful for that.
So I 'm barely on my first pack of this but I 'm a little worried. I 've been on probably 5 different birth controls. Sprintec, ortho tri cyclen lo, lomedia 24 l, amethyst, etc etc. With those I would eventually have breakthrough bleeding that wouldn 't stop so I kept switching. Ortho tri cyclen lo was awful I broke our so bad. So my doctor suggest a higher hormone dosage since I kept having breakthrough bleeding. Since I 've started this, my stomach hurts a lot kinda like cramps, I have headaches, my breasts have gotten a lot bigger and they hurt to barely be touched, I also see to have gained weight obviously with my breast being bigger. I 'm scared kinda but I read to give it a few months and hopefully it goes away. No bleeding though
I had Implanon put in December 2009, now 2 years in. I 've had lots of medical problems and not sure the cause. A few months in started getting bad mood swings, could have been postpartum depression. But thyroid actually was way off. I 'm still on antidepressant and taking medicine for thyroid. I am still on going to lots of doctor visits to find out cause of hormonal problems, no doctor has been able to help me.
I just turned 22 and I took a course of Clarus back in high school when I was 15/16. In terms of REDUCING acne it worked very well. I used to have severe acne with large cysts mainly on my back and face. To this day I still get acne, occasionally small-medium cysts, so it didn 't make me acne free. This medication can be very destructive to some, including myself in that It made me very depressed throughout high school and up until maybe a year or two ago. I have chronic dry nose problems, often blood in my kleenex due to this. I 'm also left with permanent scars all along my face and back from how severe the swelling is in the first few months. Overall it got rid of my bad acne but left me with horrible side effects that Im left to deal with
Started 2 pills a day Saturday. Just got the scale Friday.  No real side effects...just a little gassy and cramps in the evening.  Sometimes dry mouth too so drink lots of water.  Haven 't really lost weight.  Maybe 2lbs in 10 days.  Still have cravings...need to increase my work out and eat better.  Will have better evaluation after 1 full month.  Cheers! 
I was on Humira injections for one full year. My psoriasis completely cleared after three months however I did develop a couple of side effects. The first one came when I started having trouble with my left knee. I had been administrating the medicine in my thighs, alternating each thigh as instructed, but developed tendinitis. I couldn 't admin the injection into my stomach due to severe scarring so I my only option were my thighs. It seemed to subside after the 6th month. During my 8th month on humira I noticed terrible stomach pains. I gained 15 pounds in only 8 months and started having gallbladder attacks. A few months later, I discontinued my humira and haven 't had anymore digestive problems. Psoriasis is back with a vengeance though
Stomach problems cramps constipation and diarrhea sometimes
I 've been on Reclipsen for a few years now. I loved it had no problems until the past 8 months. My PMS type symptoms grew increasingly worse and have started to severely affect my life. I feel crazy, mood swings changing within the same hour. Depressed and feeling like something is always off and wrong. Will be switching birth control next week.
Saphris changed my life - but not until I went to 10 mg.  I was finally &quot;normal&quot; - completely taking care of myself, my house, my business affairs .... I even realized I had hoarding tendencies and was able to rid my life of all the clutter.  Then the wheels came off :  Tardive dyskenisia.   I can 't think of a more humiliating side effect, and it started a year before I finally got a second opinion and was diagnosed.  TD worsened when I stopped taking saphris, and unfortunately for me, all my &quot;old&quot; habits are back.    It was so nice to be normal for the time it lasted -- but TD is horrific, and a truly unfortunate side effect.
Back in Feburary I reported that I had been on the drug Amiodarone  for 2 weeks.  The drug worked well for getting the heart back into Sinus Rhythm, but it has come at a horrible price!I now have &quot;pulmonary toxicity&quot; due to this drug and am having recurring bouts of pneumonia.  If I had known then what I know now, I would have asked the doctor for something else.  When you have toxicity, they can see &quot;ground glass&quot; in your lungs.  The pain is horrible sometimes and I find myself not wanting to breathe deeply.  I was working out 6 days a week and the doctors have me doing almost nothing right now.  I am on steroids but we don 't know the long term effects for me.  Please educate yourself before agreeing to take this drug!
Makes me groggy but maintains my anxiety.
I am on my 3rd injections on both knees and in severe pain. The first one wasn 't too bad, second was pretty bad, this time I can barely walk. The Dr said I should start getting some relief soon so I 'm really hoping these work. I don 't want to scare anyone away from getting these shots, I don 't think my reaction is typical.,
Diovan HCT 160/12.5 - took for over 8 years.  Blood pressure was controlled...however, did not realize that daily headaches, hair thinning, up and down blood sugar, weight gain, muscle aches, etc. were side effects.  Stopped taking and all symptoms started to go away.
The doctor gave me a sample of this when I complained of congestion. I took two tablets, which may have been too much since I developed the runs. I 'll try it again, but only one tablet. Or, I may just get Robitussin since the doctor said that Mucinex is a magnified version of Robitussin.
I have been taking this birth control for a little over a year now. I have never had very heavy bleeding on my period but once on Loestrin my period is nonexistent. I noticed my acne getting worse after about a month. I have never had more than a few pimples here and there before but now I have huge cystic pimples all over my cheeks, chin, and forehead. This is the worst my acne has been, ever! I have been going to a dermatologist for about 6 months and my acne is not getting any better. I am switching to a different birth control once talking to my OBGYN. I have heard good things about Ortho Lo, so I am going to ask about that.
Feel down and nervous on higher dose. Stick with 100mg or less for a while. Over 100mg might be too much, for me it is. I take klonopin, prazosin for PTSD, and latuda for mood swings. Don 't give up unless it makes you horribly sick to your stomach or other side effects, but talk to your doctor first.
This was a horrible experience. I&rsquo;ve been on Ortho tri-cyclen lo before as well since I was 16. I&rsquo;m 24 now and I was on lolo for 4 months before I stopped because I literally lost at least 40% of my hair!!! It made me really depressed and caused several panic attacks a week. The only thing it was good at was not getting me pregnant. It didn&rsquo;t even help my periods.
I took this medicine for a tooth abscess that couldn 't be drained during root canal. Severe diarrhea, headaches, minor heartburn and I felt as though my throat were closing (doc said minor allergic reaction). I have been taking a probiotic and eating yogurt but it hasn 't helped with the stomach upset at all.  It helped with the abscess but 8 days later it isn 't completely cleared. I 've been switched to Clindamycin due to the tightening in my throat. Scared to death and sick of antibiotics.
Amoxicillin was taking long time to clear the chest/throat infection so doctor swapped to doxycycline. Within 2 days noticeable difference infection already clearing but felt exhausted, spaced out then had quite a startling amount of blood in my stools. Was told by doctor to stop taking immediately 
I was using the nuva ring for about a year and a half.. Maybe a little over. At first I noticed a change in my attitude as if it almost made me crazy, emotional, &amp; snippy. I was excited to have my period shortened to a day a month with clear skin while also being protected from pregnancy so the mood change wasn 't a big deal. About 6-7 months after being on it I started gaining weight with no diet change. Now looking back I went from 153-198lbs.  Also my sex drive decreased 100%!! If it weren 't for my boyfriend loving sex, sex probably wouldn 't even cross my mind. Went off it last week with high hopes because the side effects aren 't worth it after the convenience wears off.
Update: 2 weeks in with skyla, after a week of being on Skyla I stopped taking my pills (as told by Doctor since Skyla isn 't effective until 7 days after insertion) and started bleeding, more than a panty liner but not enough to fill a regular tampon, it 's been like this for a week now and I 'm annoyed, I can 't tell if this is when my period is now or what? Idk, not happy, I wanna have sex with my boyfriend but I can 't because I 'm bleeding!! Ugh!!
I 've been on bentyl for a little over a month now. At first it was great, helped with the painful attacks I was having. Now I 'm so dizzy from it that I can 't function even as a stay at home mom. I can 't drive to my Dr appt and all I do is sit at home in a daze.
My dosage of Levaquin was 750 mg daily initially for 5 days &amp; later extended for another 10 days after an ER visit. I discontinued the drug after 11 days due to: a) a general feeling of malaise after taking the drug  b) I am a runner and I began experiencing tendinosis in the Achilles tendons &amp; then on a routine run, I pulled up lame and could not continue due to severe pain in my left hamstring area - I attribute these injuries strictly to the Levaquin.I think this drug was effective in handling the infection but its side effects for me as described above are very real.  I will not take this drug or probably any drugs in the fluoroquinolones class again. Anyone who is into exercising should think carefully about using this drug.
i have sciatica since i was 15.......hounestly i take tramadol sometimes...and it doesn 't work !!!.... voltaren is good to keep the pain within acceptable limits...but it doesn 't eliminate it.
I had 8 different ring worm patches on me and no matter how many times a day I showered and changed all my bedding, towels and cloths and washed them  in bleach I still could not stop them!5 days on terbinafine they stopped growing and died. The pain in my stomach and constipation was bad and I had to stop half way though the treatment.
I give it a 5, because after starting 2mgs, about a week later, my energy improved greatly. I would actually sit at a table to finish homework without stopping. I would clean the house (or help), just had joy and energy.So went to my psych and told him that it was working excellent, he then titrated me up to 10 MGs over 5 days, with the 2 MG tablets.  Would take them before school, went great.  On day 5, I had my FIRST panic attack before school, called an ambulance, went to the hospital, they had to give me Ativan IV to calm me down, they said I had an allergic reaction.
This drug has me feeling dizzy drunk. I can tell its making me feel better. Im alot happier and not thinking so distorted. But the dizziness is awful.
I experience dizziness and poor concentration after each dose.
I just got mine in a month ago and I feel and look really bloated all the time. I 've been on my period for almost 2 weeks I don 't like it so I 'm getting it removed tomorrow.
I suffer from degenerative arthritus, bulging n herniated discs as well as severe muscle spasms. Just took my first dose of this at 1500mg  3x a day. There is no sleepy feeling and finally i have a little relief. Before Lorzone i was on a strong muscle relaxer that didnt ' do much. Even with my norco 's and nucynta i was in extreme pain n could barely breathe. After this first dose of lorzone i can breathe without the extreme pain. I still have pain in my spine n thorasic area but its more tolerable than before. I hope this continue 's to keep the severe pain away. I am on medicare and disability so i hope when the samples are over, the cost of the script isnt to high. I have high expectations of this med, praying it works out good.
Took the pill Tuesday night, felt somewhat relieved on Wednesday night but slight irritation and itch but no more discharge. I recommend you try to keep the area clean and dry. It really helps always towel dry after every shower with separate clean towel.
Well, somehow married I got the clap too. I 'm assuming it 's from a threesome my husband and I had a couple months back, but who can be sure? Anyways, my doctor called me tonight and told me I have bv (bacterial vaginitis) and the clap. They prescribed me the 2 pills of azithromycin...Well let me tell ya it 's not a walk in the park. The first hour or 2 was fine. Did some shopping...Then as the 3rd hour approached I was gaggin in my garbage can ready to throw up. It 's now 4am and I 've been trying to sleep since 10pm, maybe an hour so far I 've actually gotten. Currently on the toilet, still naseaous as all hell. I didn 't eat before it, nor did I drink. And I 'm paying for it....Eat and drink before you take these meds.
I&rsquo;m not going to front for this birth control it was terrible. I got on it &amp; didn&rsquo;t bleed for that week. Next thing you know I start bleeding because of my period which is normally on for 3 days but was on for 7. Cramps were out of this world, never got cramps before the birth control. I was always crying and sad, also depressed. After my period stopped I continued spotting for over a month. That was long enough for me so I wanted to take it out. I had my mom buy me walnuts cause that&rsquo;s what I was craving and I also heard that it makes bleeding stop. The next day the blood got lighter then it stopped. Now it&rsquo;s just discharge. Less mood swings. I&rsquo;m honestly satisfied with it now. Very effective by the way. Wouldn&rsquo;t recommend as first choice.
People I 've taken 16 so far nothing. I swear if it does work at least I 'll be all cleaned out hahaha but I doubt it will. I took it before I had 4 and nothing, it will be the last time I try this if it doesnt work
Prescribed for my young daughter with  Autism and epilepsy, anxiety- hair pulling , but the dose was too high and caused even more anxiety, so found  reducing it from every day, to once a week, and sometimes just twice a month, makes a huge difference for her to receive the benefit without the heightened anxiety. I muscle test for the amount and timing, and notice when she is pulling her eyelashes, hair or eyebrows.
I get a shot of 100 or 150 mgs once a month for pretty severe schizoaffective disorder.  A bit of weight gain but no other side effects.  Still feeling paranoid frequently.  Doc won 't up the meds.  It 's very frustrating.
I just started taking this patch .05 three days ago. I feel slightly better but not what some people have described as &quot;a new person&quot;. I am going to a HRT specialist next week to get a full panel of blood work. My regular doctor gave me the .05 because it was essentially an emergency. i felt nothing, lifeless, like laying in bed, no energy, weepy, completely and utterly depressed. I 'm on antidepressants but this is worse than any depression I 've experienced before. I 'm completely spaced out and wish I could just lay in bed and stare at the ceiling. It is taking all I have to be pleasant around my son and husband. I really help doing proper HRT works for me because this is absolutely dreadful.
I am a new user with Pradaxa and have found the same digestive problems, severe acid reflux and heartburn. Also I have had bleeding ulcers twice so I 'm a bit concerned about that. However checked with my Doctor who told me to take pill after meals. I tried this, but also discovered the pills must be taken IMMEDIATELY after eating food (not snacks but full meals). I also use Ranitidine with the Pradaxa and found it works. Much more comfort, almost no heartburn, just a slight sensation. I haven 't had an INT test so at the moment I don 't know if my coagulation levels are okay. But I will do that soon. Overall I feel that using this new medicine I feel better, so I hope this will continue, its a bit early to make the final judgment.
Levemir takes way too long to lower my sugar level after I eat. It 's very good after 6 hours.
I was diagnosed with severe ear infection from tonsilitis. Took two pills and then thought i was gonna die from the side effects plus it didnt seem to be helping me. I went back to the doctor who told me to continue on the 5day pack and ensure i took the pills on a very full stomach. i did just that and now i have completed my 5day pack with no more side effects. Not sure of its effectiveness still have the ear infection that got worse with hearing almost to nil in my left ear.
I got mine February 2015, procedure was easy even though they had to put it in twice because the 1st time it was sticking out my arm, haven 't got pregnant. But my periods are crazy out of control I stay on more than I 'm off which is very annoying. Then I will stop bleeding for a day or two and than start again and it will last for a good 3 weeks just this last month I was on for 18 days came off on a Monday I was back on, on Sunday remind you I was on my  period for 18 days its so stressful but I trying to wait my year just to see if anything changes like the Dr said. But I 'm ready to take it OUT!!!
I have used Epiduo in the past. Veltin appears to help many people and be a great product, it doesn 't help me too much! It causes my skin to be irritated, and I automatically started peeling like CRAZY after one dosage. Everyone is different, but if Veltin isn 't working for you, try Epiduo!
I always have been 85 pounds even when I passed my teen mark. When I went to see my Gastro doctor he prescribed this. The first month, I  was finally able to eat snacks. I ate and ate. And at times I would eat too much I couldn 't eat for the next meal. I gained 20 pounds, but  since I didn 't fill out much, my stomach got bigger instead. The side effects I had was not having a period. After my medication ran out, in 3-4 weeks. My period came but it came twice, one week skip after the other. Then I experienced servere headaches for weeks. After that came a strong depression that I could finally feel, it made me want to cry. Then I got the refill and it stopped the depression. But after I finished taking it,a daily small depression came back
Very expensive, leaves large bruises on my skin from small bumps, I also had pretty thick hair, loss of hair since starting eliquis
I took januvia for about 1 year then one day my stomach started to swell up drastically  and my wife took me to the hospital when I arrived I could no longer walk and was put in a wheelchair. I was admitted but passed out, when I came to I had 4 I-V 's in me and was totally soaked like I had just jumped in a pool. My white blood cell count was over 3,000, off the chart. One nurse accused me of overdosing on street drugs.. I was in the hospital for 3-1/2 days and spent 2 weeks on the couch and 2-3 months having people tell me I looked like I was dying and asked what was wrong. Januvia snuck up on me like a  poison snake. It overtook my system in 45 minutes from being with an irritable stomach to knowing I was dying and there was nothing I could do
I only take 2.5mgs once a day to hopefully prevent any kidney issues from diabetes. So I 'm not positive if the drug is the problem but I recently found myself without the medication for about a month then saw my primary who gave me a new script. It seems to lower BP but fortunately mine was not really too far above normal but once I started up taking this medication I also started back up with feeling so sick like I 'm dying from something!! Every muscle and joint in my body is throbbing and hurting almost beyond what I can stand!! Its the absolute worst feeling and wouldn 't wish it on anyone!!! Unfortunately I haven 't seen any other real complaints of people feeling this way so I can say 100% its the Lisinopril or I would stop it immediately!!!
I 'm on SSD because of severe Social Anxiety Disorder, Bi-polar Disorder II with panic, and OCD.  I 've run the gamut with benzos and frankly, am better off without them.  They 're too addicting.  Vistaril is a nice alternative.  It 's milder and is about 75% as effective as say, Klonopin or Ativan.  It works for me.
This is a really interesting medication based on the wide variety of experiences people have taking it. One person here said they constantly forgot things and had thoughts of death *before* taking Wellbutrin, whereas those are the symptoms I have *after* as side effects of Wellbutrin!  Also, I did have immediate success with this exact same medication dosage around 9 years ago (was on it for 3 years until it got less and less effective and I quit). This time, I 've only gotten those negative side effects I mentioned. My doctor says give it 6 weeks, but it 's been 4 and no benefit at all. Strange. Apparently, Wellbutrin 's effectiveness can change over time even for the same person!
I 've had migraines since I was 21 (I am now 69).  Absolutely horrible and debilitating migraines sometimes lasting several days.  My neurologist started me on Elavil recently.  I still have head pain but it 's not as severe as it has been.  It is bearable now.  My life is beginning to be something to look forward to; I am even going to visit one of my sons in Arizona, something that I haven 't done for a number of years.
I had a brain tumor in 2009 and part of it grew into the thalamus in my brain. This left me with a condition diagnosed as &quot;Thalamic pain syndrome&quot;. My doctor had prescribed me some Percocet but it was only helping a little. My neurologist put me on some gabapentin as well as nortriptyline. All of these medications helped a little but I was still in pain so my doctor prescribed me Nucynta ER (extended release). Fortunately with the addition of the Nucynta the pain has been manageable. I still use Percocets as needed but at least the pain is under some degree of control. 
I 'm 31yr old fem, and have been taking Buspar for anxiety/panic for three months, and have decided to discontinue. It took roughly 3 weeks before I noticed a difference. I am slower to irritate, less agitated, and can better manage the constant nagging sensation of anxiety. I 've been sleeping better, but really require a full night 's sleep or else I 'm drowsy all day. And I 've been more at ease with new people. These changes have been certainly been positive but minimal. Lately, every day, 2x 's a day about 20 mins after my dose (10mg @ 2/day) I would get a ringing headache, body shocks, and dizziness or nausea. I thought this would go away, but it hasn 't, and it is getting to the point that my anxiety level is increasing.
This medicine only worked for the first month for me. I would take it as directed but then suddenly the pain came back with a searing vengeance. It may just be me because everything I have tried for the fibromyalgia has done the same thing. There were more side effects on the Savella then on anything else I have taken. It made me lose a lot of weight because I couldn 't eat through the nausea, and the hot flashes were horrible. Overall this medicine has seemed to help a lot of people but it wasn 't right for me.
I was prescribed seroquel 100mg for Post Traumatic Stress Disorder and I could only take it for two days.  I took it as prescribed before bedtime. I almost crashed my truck several times on my way to work and I had to pull over on the shoulder to sleep on my way home from work. Day 2 was a Saturday. I slept for 14.5 hours. I can 't function at all on this.
I tried Detrol for overactive bladder, and it helped that problem.  However, my headache increased so my doctor changed me to Vesicare which seems to be a little better.
I used Durezol for 2 weeks due to a thyroid problem. Eyes started to retract -very swollen. Durezol worked well for the inflammation however my eye sight was extremely impaired from blurriness. Unfortunately I was no longer able to continue with eye drops.
I started taking Celexa to help with anxiety and panic attacks. It helped with the panic attacks and made me feel numb as far as emotions. I had to change because I would have to take a nap everyday that sometimes would last 2-3 hours. I also began sleeping very late in the day which is unusual for me. The pill would cause me to have annoying headaches. Also, the first few weeks on it my appetite was suppressed.
Not as effective as Xanax or Klonopin.
I have been on Lutera for going on four months. It seems to be working well. I haven 't had any weight gain or issues with mood swings. I have noticed a couple things that I am thinking may be from this birth control though. One is constipation and the other is acne. I have never had an issue with acne but since taking Lutera I have had a breakout on my back. 
I started taking this medication primarily for birth control and acne treatment. My experience while on this medication has been fair. It has done a good job preventing pregnancy so far. It didn 't really do anything to improve my acne and I still get the hormonal acne along the jaw line. I also feel extra tired, brain fogged, and very moody at times. I also felt more anxious depressed after beginning it and even had to start taking anti depressants because of it. The only reason I 'm still taking it is because the side effects are somewhat manageable and it has prevented pregnancy so far.
Been on it one month. Put on after a suicide attempt. I am no longer obsessing  about suicide but I can 't get out of bed. It has reduced my anxiety very much, which is great. I was terrified of everything. But I wish I had the energy and desire to get up and do something during the day. So I 'm still depressed but hoping for more improvement since I no longer want to kill  myself.
I started this birth control a little over a month ago, and it 's my first time being on birth control. I 'm pretty happy with it. The first week or so my body was adjusting to the drug, so I was much more moody. However my body has seemed to have adjusted, and I 'm pretty happy with it. My only complaint is that my period has been almost nonstop. I bled for 2 1/2 weeks, stopped for a few days and now I 'm back to bleeding again. I feel like I 'm possibly dying but I read somewhere that this is normal so I 'm gonna give it time. All in all I 'm happy with it and I 'd recommend it.
I had Mirena inserted July 16, 15. I had very heavy bleeding for about 7 days after insertion. Insertion was not painful for me. Had heavy cramping the day of only. I have had some sort of bleeding ranging from a couple spots a day to very heavy for 2 months after. After my period last month I finally quit spotting all together then yesterday came along and I have a super heavy flow period out of the blue. Trying to make it to the 6 month mark but it is definitely annoying.
I took Natazia for 4 months after taking Levora/Portia for 2 years. My libido went WAY UP, in the first 2 months everything was fine, my period was light, my appetite decreased, and I even lost a little weight. However, in the last 2 months I had bleeding every 2 weeks. I bled in Days 10-15 exactly like a heavy/regular period. I began getting chest and facial acne and headaches (which are not normal for me). So after 4 months, I had to switch. The increase in libido was awesome, but it is not so awesome to be &quot;unavailable&quot; for additional days (beyond period) each month.
The taste was not terrible, but I do not drink large volumes in such a short period of time.  I found the volume of water to be sickening. I had my first bowel movement within 15 minutes of drinking the mixture. I  am about 2 hours past my initial dose. I am nauseous and have severe chills.  I have been drinking ginger ale in hopes of calming my stomach.  I am not looking forward to the 2nd dose which I am supposed to take in 2 hours -- 4 hours past initial dose. I think I should have started earlier in the day; I don 't want to be up all night.
Abilify, along with Prozac has worked amazing for me. But there is a downside to using Abilify. WEIGHT GAIN! Once I started it, my appetite increased like crazy and now I 've gained about 60 lbs. It 's like do I want to quit taking it and go &quot;crazy&quot; but be thin or keep taking it and be fat and happy, literally!
I just had the worst gout attack I can remember. It started as ever in my toe and as my Diclofenac was long out of date I ordered more. After waiting the stipulated 48 hours my gout had flared on the opposite side of my foot as well. Walking, standing and sleeping were all distant memories. It was then I found out they don 't give out Diclofenac any more and I tried Indometacin. I was on my feet the same night but I noticed the redness in my foot had changed from an even colour to more of a mottled rash. That was yesterday. Today my foot is puffy and inflated. Does that happen?
I have an inflammation around my wisdom tooth which has spread to tonsillitis and I was prescribed Phenoxymethylpenicillin by my GP and Metronidazole 400 / three times a day by my dentist, who agreed I can take them together. Within a first pill of Metronidazole I started to have a massive headache, so I took paracetamol too. After the second pill I woke up sweating and dizzy with a terrible rash on my hands and painful red spots inside my fingers and under my nails. I can 't use my thumbs properly as they are hurting me. However, I still continue taking this medication because I 've been having such a terrible infection and it 's spreading too quickly. I 'm on my second day now but I feel improvements, although they are very slow. Hopefully everything will be ok.
Just started Junel Fe 1/20 after being without anything for 2 yrs and the only side effect I get with this brand is ACNE. I was always pretty clear skinned until these. It 's been 3 months and I can 't get my skin to clear up. I also wish they had the last week of reminder pills. I tend to forget to take them and I think it would help a lot.  I 'm going to give it another month and if I still can 't get it to regulate then I 'm switching.
Holly crap my vagina was on fire. But it feels so much better now. My tip use an ice pack and suffer through the pain.
Was put on this because of PCOS, did exactly what it was supposed to do.  Got my period exactly every 28 days, no major side effects except for weight gain (part of which I blame for starting college at the same time).  Didn 't gain weight at first, then I gained 10-15lbs, and overall I gained 35-40lbs.  It wasn 't easy to lose the weight on this either, even with diet and regular exercise.
I was prescribed tramadol by my gynecologist to help combat my debilitating menstrual cramps that OTC pain relievers couldn&rsquo;t touch. For many months it worked wonders, giving me enough pain relief to go from bedridden and in misery to completely functioning.However, I was unaware that one of the rarer side effects of this medication was a risk of seizure. I took a dose this morning for my cramps and ended up having a grand mal seizure and ending up in emergency care. I have no prior history of epilepsy, and the doctors seem to believe that the Tramadol is the cause and have discontinued it from my regimen.When this medication does work, it can be a godsend. But be cautious, as the side effects can be horrible.
I have had the implant for 5 months now and have not had any bleeding, acne or weight gain once. It would be an absolute dream if it didn 't give me constant anxiety attacks. I am getting it removed tomorrow. But everyone is different so don 't let the reviews completely put you off, but do bear in mind that any depression/anxiety/crying IS definitely caused by it. its a VERY real side effectAvoid if you have mental health issues!
I have only been on this a month.  I am one of the several of you ladies who are going thru the antagonizing trial and error for the &quot;perfect&quot; birth control.  Zarah seemed perfectly fine when it came to controlling my mood swings and not getting me prego!  BUT, I have gained weight, and on my period week my flow was very heavy and crampy, plus it lasted the whole 7 days....eww, I am not used to that.  I also did take note of how it effected my sex life.  I still wanted sex, but noticed I had a very hard time trying to orgasm.  sorry if that 's too much info but I personally like knowing how the birth control effects my sex life.  I hope some of this info helps.  don 't give up ladies!
I have been on this birth control pill for 3 months now and have seen a change in my body as far as weight gain, night sweats and light periods to no period at all. Also my hair stylist brought it to my attention that my hair is also thinning.
I 'm a 28 year old female and I started using Lexapro (10mg) after visiting my doctor and having my lab results back normal. Immediately it did three things: Made me EXTREMELY tired all the time, constipated and never hungry. I had to stop the medication after 8 days because the fatigue was too much to handle. They say it takes 4 to 6 weeks to feel effects but these came right away. Since being off my hunger and bowel movement went back to normal but I 'm still so tired all of the time. I can 't seem to ever have energy even after coffee. I 'm scared I have triggered something else by taking Lexapro and wonder if I will ever feel energetic again. I 've been off it a month now, the only positive thing I experienced was losing weight.
I personally have problems with most birth control so I do not want to give Tri-Cyclen Lo completely bad review but do want to share experience since my doctor will not believe me.Over the last year have been trying the different birthcontols and when I first started Tri-Cyclen Low it seemed like the best of all the evils. I was quite nauseous and hungry all the time but I tried to control this with really good food options and delt with the feeling. Now going on six months of Tri-Cyclen I have found that I am extremely depressed, lightheaded and dizzy all the time. The pain of nausea and hunger is constant and painful. I am at a loss of what to do since my doctor isn 't listening to me.
Third time taking a 10 day dose of this medication for reoccurring sinusitis. After the 1st day, I immediately get relief from this medication which is great and around day three I usually feel almost 100% back to normal but I do experience the metallic taste in my mouth, upset stomach this time around for some unknown reason and all three times I developed yeast infections (never had one in my life before until I took this medicine, I also take a daily acidophilus supplement which does nothing for the yeast infection in my case). For those reasons I am not a huge fan of this but am allergic to penicillin and sulfa drugs.
I have only been using epiduo for a few days and I have already seen an improvement in my acne. However my face burns everytime I put it on, I 've tried to use moisturiser as my face is now extremely dry, but that hurt so much and made my face swell and go red! My face is so stiff and dry and hurts when I touch it! I have read these symptoms will go away so hopefully if I pursue I will see and improvement.
I have taken 30mg for several years now.  Worked well at first.  Slept well with only slight sleepy &quot;hangover&quot;.  As time went by less and less effective.  Before bed I curently take 30mg Restoril, an antidepressant that is supposed to make me tired (Lamictal), 0.5mg clonazepam or 5mg Valium, and 2 Benadryl and I still lay in bed awake for 2 or 4 hours before falling asleep.  Sometimes I have to call in sick to work because it is 4 am and I haven 't fallen asleep yet and know I can 't get up in 2 hours and function for work.  Restoril is great for about a year but I would plan on switching to something else after that!
I have cervical dystonia and have been treated with Botox for 2.5 years. Botox had many many side effects for me in the beginning.  Trouble swallowing, severe headaches, floppy head.  It does take away the spasms where it is injected but I am finding help with trigger point injections and osteopathic adjustments.  They don 't stop as much of the pain but they have less side effects than Botox.
I am 18 and just switched to Loestrin 24 a month and a half ago.  I was on Tri Sprintec for about 2 years, my periods were 7 days long and I was sick of it.  So I have taken a pack and a half of Loestrin 24 and all was good until 2 weeks in and I started spotting and got my period. I have now been spotting for a whole month on and off.  It is pretty annoying but not a big deal.  I have read a lot of these comments and a lot of women have had this happen for about 3 months, uhg! My sex drive has increased significantly and I have been climaxing very quickly.  Other than the random spotting for a month I have nothing bad to say about this pill. No weight gain, no increase in acne, no sick feeling or anything, hopefully the spotting stops soon!
I had postpartum depression after my son was born. My doctor gave me Lexapro said to try and stick with it for 1 year. I felt so much better after the 1st week of taking it. My son is now 5 months old and I 've been taking it for 4 months already. I feel like it doesn 't work anymore. I feel the depression on and off. What they say about the side effects is true. I have no interest in having sex, I have gained 10lb over a period of 4 months and can 't lose them no matter how hard I try. 
I stayed on Celexa for about 6 years, as it was the SSRI with the least side effects.  It worked fine for my depression, and took 6 weeks to become effective (that 's about the same as I experienced with all SSRIs).  I ended up going off of it due to profuse sweating and elevated blood pressure (my normal is 110/70, it shot to 135/90).  Diarrhea, weird dreams and constant tiredness were also problems.
I have taken 30mg for several years now.  Worked well at first.  Slept well with only slight sleepy &quot;hangover&quot;.  As time went by less and less effective.  Before bed I curently take 30mg Restoril, an antidepressant that is supposed to make me tired (Lamictal), 0.5mg clonazepam or 5mg Valium, and 2 Benadryl and I still lay in bed awake for 2 or 4 hours before falling asleep.  Sometimes I have to call in sick to work because it is 4 am and I haven 't fallen asleep yet and know I can 't get up in 2 hours and function for work.  Restoril is great for about a year but I would plan on switching to something else after that!
I have been taking Amlodipine for about 3 years now, I also have MS so some of the side effects I have been having I put down to MS.  I  have been under the hospital for really bad tongue and mouth ulcers, for the last 2.5 years and also under the hospital for a badly bloated stomach, I look like I am 7 or 8 months pregnant, (both side effects) all tests have come back ok. My balance is terrible and recently had two bad falls in a week! I have constant ringing in my ears, cramp in my feet at night, feel tired and have to have a sleep most afternoons,  Swollen feet and ankles. Researching the side effects of Amlodipine has made me realise all these symptoms are probably due to this awful drug.  Will be seeing doc next week to get it changed
I have been using the Nuvaring for a few months now. In this time I lost my virginity and it was extremely painful and I had no sex drive. I figured the pain was just from the first time but the pain continued every time I had intercourse and I rarely even wanted to have sex; because it hurt and I had no sex drive. My boobs have grown a size and I have gained approximately 10 pounds. I thought there was something wrong with my body and the low sex drive was a symptom of depression. After reading the reviews I feel so relieved to know there 's nothing wrong with me. I 've decided to switch birth controls, however other than those side effects, the nuvaring has kept me from getting pregnant and regulated my period
Seems like it 's working as birth control. My skin looks very good on it, kind of velvety and with 50% less break outs. I 've gotten comments about how good I look, and even my body seems to have a more feminine shape to it, larger breasts, smaller stomach, it must have gotten rid of all my free testosterone.  But I also got extremely dehydrated on this medication, so be sure you hydrate and replace all your electrolytes. I also had a period that lasted 12 days, which was super annoying. So my advice, when taking this is to be extra careful with your daily routine, sleep routine, food, drinking, exercise. Really stick to your routine and if something is off, see your doctor.
I got the Mirena inserted 3 weeks ago this Friday. The insertion was quick but slightly painful, the cramps started right after and were really bad for the first week. After I got cramps every day just during the late afternoon for some reason. The cramps stopped about a week ago. I am still spotting. I think once I stop spotting I will be happy with the product. I 've been super emotional as well.
I 've been on this medication for about a month, and it 's been a mix of good and bad for me.The good:- no babies- cleared up my acne- bigger fuller breasts :3- I 've had IBS my entire life, and this has nearly completely done away with my symptoms. Bizarre but appreciated.- I struggle with depressive feelings, and there were two days while on this medication that I genuinely felt really good. It was better than being on an SRI. Not a big deal for some, but this was huge to me.The bad:- overall increased depression and anxiety. I have a pretty bad case of social anxiety as it is, but on this medication I worry constantly. - decreased libido. This might be due to my mood.I 'm looking into switching to something else.
I 've been taking depo-provera since May 21, 2012. I haven 't had a period since but very light spotting from time to time. This my 3rd year on birth control and after my last shot on July 21 I 've been bleeding uncontrollably. I don 't know what 's wrong but its literally making me feel sick. Light headed due to low iron. I don 't know if I should stay on it or not.
Been taking this medicine for two weeks. I noticed I 'm really itchy, my stomach is so sick, headaches, and I 'm very tired. I hope it gets better.
I had severe migraines from age 16 to 65.  When taking cafergot, I discovered (after many years) that if you take an antihistamine WITH the cafergot, it then worked for me.  What a difference !Having said that, there are so many new drugs now - the one that eliminated the migraine within an hour for me was Zomig.  Zomig was like a miracle for me.  Easy to take anywhere - place under your tongue - no side effects.
So I had a horrible experience, but it was because I was not given anything to soften my cervix the night before. Also I did not take any ibuprofen, but I was really uninformed about the procedure. I was 18 and never had a baby, so when she clamped my cervix it felt like a horrible cramp and a sharp pain. It wasn 't too bad and definitely tolerable; however, my gyn could not get the Mirena into my cervix. So the clamping pain never stopped, for about 5 min she tried and I was becoming faint from the pain. We stopped, but since I know what the pain was like and how it should 've only been 30 seconds of it. I am going back a year later next week, to get the Kyleena. Which is a smaller IUD, and I also will be getting something to soften cervix.
Hello you guys. Shortly after giving birth to my last child in October, I had liletta placed in December 2016. It was a bit painful , but mine was inserted while on my cycle. I felt cramps as my doctors deployed the liletta but only for a few minutes. After I left the doctor, I went to pump gas and went home . When I got home, my cycle was completely off. It stayed that way until day 5 and then it was like a crime scene. I bled consistently for 2 months and my body adjusted. Even after my body accepted it I still felt cramps when I worked, cleaned , or sat down. Today, June 23,2017, I got it removed because for the past couple of weeks I 've been dealing with unbearable pain! Cramps none stop but It did prevent pregnancy.
Lisinopril worked great for lowering blood pressure even at a very low dose.  Unfortunately, the dry cough, that seemed to always be worse at night, eventually became more than I could endure.  The cough ended after 2 days.  In addition, I had developed a post nasal drip that I had never experienced before which also disappeared after 2 days.  I am now on Diovan but so far it has not lowered my blood pressure.  Really frustrating.
Took it via IV for five days in hospital for diviculitus infection,temperature dropped in a day and inflammation  decreased.But had to take two more courses after being discharged to fully clear the infectionI found the sickness and nausea very harsh and felt very weak when on it,surprisingly it didn 't upset my stomachSide effects cleared very quickly a few days after stoping it,I would rather take this than the dangerous alternative cipro.So would probably take again even though the side effects were difficult
I started on 5mg and it worked for about a week I am now on 30mg and although I daren 't stop using them I feel that they don 't work as they should with these I am also on high dosage of pregabalin, duloxotine, co-codamol, my condition is getting worse and my patches don 't help as they burn my skin :-(
Feel horrible taking this - hard to breathe- blurred vision - no energy - cannot sleep well
I started phen yesterday 3/1 my first day I had extreme dry mouth and peed alot. Today my mouth is not as dry and I don 't feel as jittery. I 'm excited for the change my appetite was definitely curbed. I 'm 5&quot;4 186. My goal weight is 150- 155
I 've been having seizures for the last two years, after being free from seizures for 5 years after temporal lobe surgery. I 've had a seizure about every three months. Each seizure was worse then the previous one. Last year when I fell complications caused kidney failure. This has passed. I was on Lamictal and Keppra was added, and both were increased, without any change in seizures. 4 months ago I was taken off Keppra and Vimpat was added. 600 Lamictal/400 Vimpat. It is a strong medicine, in the morning I got very dizzy and unbalanced with double vision.  I complained and my dose was split up 3x a day and I feel much better. 4 months free of seizures now, I 'm simply waiting for the next seizure, hoping not.
I started Requip 1 mg at bedtime.  It worked great for 3-4 months.  My Dr increased the dosage so I now take 3 mg at bedtime.  Again, it worked great for a few months, and then the symptoms reappeared.  The Requip is better than nothing, but I was up pacing the floors when I should have been sleeping.  My husband suggested acupuncture, and that has made a huge difference.  I take the Requip 3 mg with 3 saltines to prevent nausea and vomiting.  I have an acupuncture treatment every 2 weeks, and no problems when I go to bed.
I have been on Pristiq for about a week. It has been extremely stressful and found myself sick with stomach and abdominal pains.  After several specialists, biopsys and exploratory surgery it was concluded that stress has induced IBS as well as depression. I have noted that I am not hungry and I have not had an episode with pain so far.  As for side effects I have felt exhausted by late morning, however after a short nap feel fine.  I am a bit less anxious and my mood a bit better, however I have not yet experienced the energy to get going. But from the reviews I do look forward to that. I noted one person said they were told not to take with thyroid medication. I take synthroid and know my doctor would not prescribe this if it was a bad combination.
Trust and believe ladys you better not have anything going on in your life if you start to take this! I 've only been taking this for a month and a half but the mood swings are uncontrollable! I am a very level headed person most of the time but I have been an emotional wreck since I started. My breasts have been extremely sore but they are getting bigger witch is a plus for me! Haven 't had any acne or weight gain, but it did help regulate my period I haven 't had any irregular spotting witch is great because I just switched from the depo shot. So I 'm really liking this so far. We 'll just have to see how it go 's I guess!
After purchasing the medicine  for shoulder pain I followed directions and applied 4 times a day. The second day the applied area ( upper arm and shoulder ) was turning dark. By the end of second day the arm was black swollen and painful. Emergency room visit did not provide any relief other than tellingMe to discontinue use of gel. I have a artificial heart valve that requires that I take blood thinner which was discussed with the prescribing physician and had been used as prescribed. The arm continued to swell and the blackness continued down the arm with pain that became unbearable. A ambulance was summoned to take me back to the hosital emergency room personnel could not diganose the situation completely and I was admitted to the ward. Surgery was required
Insertion took 5 mins total. I took 1mg of ativan, 800 ibprophen and tylenol after eating 1 hour before. She first put her fingers up there to check which way my uterus was. No pain. Then she put the tools up there which feels like a pap. She put some numbing cream on and told me there would be a pinch. I didn 't feel any pinch but I had a slow cramp from my vagina to my hips, back, and abdomen. It wasn 't bad at first but built - it was better with deep breathing. I was sweaty and tired but it was done but ok. 1 month in lots of sharp sudden cramping and intense lower back ache sporadically. It 's like 1 min of intense pain and then fine off and on. It 's exhausting and lots of spotting. I 'm hoping this is all an adjustment period.
I just took my first dose of Topamax last night and have already started to notice some of the side effects. I normally am ADDICTED to Red Bull. Now I can 't even stand the taste, just after one dose. My mouth has also been tingling all day and I ate just one pop tart and got extremely full. Reading every one else 's reviews is comforting. I am also still on propranolol because my migraines were coming back.
It works to reduce potassium but it does so by inducing 6-8 hours of severe diarrhea.  You can 't leave the house, can 't sleep, and are lucky if you can leave the bathroom.
I have been taking this medication for 2 months, the first month I suffered almost all of the side effects from loss of appetite, headaches, dizziness, loss of concentration, loss of sex drive and not sleeping.2 month in and I find myself having episodes of feeling really angry and crying for no reason and to the point of not eating and just sleeping.I am seeing a psychologist and am yet to discuss with them why I am still feeling depressed and now angry with or at myself.
Prescribed Bactrim for boils on abdomen/legs. I was only able to take it for 3 days, due to the adverse reaction. The boils are much better (and I hope they don 't come back), but the back pain, abdominal pain, nausea and diarrhea were enough to make me stop taking it. Plus, I 'm not sure if this is a medicine of choice for anyone with ulcerative colitis, but now I 'm having a huge flare of that! 
A good generic.
I have been taking this medication for 2 months.  I am so unbearably tired.  It has affected my quality of life.  I called my doctor today and am waiting on a call back.  She HAS to change my meds.  I can 't tolerate the point of exhaustion.  I can 't even make it through a grocery store without feeling the uncontrollable need to sleep.  My husband is fed up with me right now due to this, but it is not something I can help as long as I take it.  If it wasn 't for that it would be a miracle drug.  I have felt better besides that.
I was 150 pounds and I went up to 182 pounds within two months of using olanzapine. You are hungry all of the time on this medication and never feel satisfied. The first two weeks of medication use I felt very tired. I am still tired, but it 's not as bad as it was. I started on 15 mg. I dropped down to 10 mg. The unpleasant side effects described continued. I am in the process of getting off this medication.
I was prescribed duac gel for my acne. At first it worked wonders on my skin and cleared up my acne. I found sometimes that it would dry out my skin though so I had to moisturise everyday. After using it for about 5 months I took a break from using it. About 5 months later I starting to use duac gel again, as I seen my acne was slowly starting to reappear. However when I started using it the second time I woke up the next morning and my eyes were very swollen, red and itchy. I thought it may have been something that I had eaten the previous day but as I continued to use duac gel every night, every morning I woke up I had very swollen, red and itchy eyes. Last night I used duac gel and I woke up with severely swollen eyes and had to go to GP
I switched to this from the Nuvaring about three to four years ago. It originally worked great; timed my periods perfectly (always Sunday at noon after last active pill), would stop my period with no breakthrough bleeding when starting another pack and made my periods light and pain free. It was also an effective birth control method as I 've never been pregnant. This year, however, my boyfriend and I noticed I would have severe mood swings in my third week of active pills. I would literally not want to be in a relationship. I 've also noticed breakouts on my face and body and get mild cramping every few months. 
I have been on Tamoxefin for 40 days...  Here 's my story:  I was diagnosed with stage 1 breast cancer (98% estrogen fed) in Alr 2015.  I did not need chemo or radiation.  I was told after surgery (June 2015) that I had to take &quot;Tomy&quot; for 5 years. I fought the idea, but eventually decided to give it a try.  So far, the main complaint I have is fatigue.  I take it at night and that 's helps...  Some joint pain, vaginal discharge (clear mostly) and the BEST thing about Tommy is that it has calms me down.  I am about 30% of the energized person I was before.  I no longer get feel like I need to solve the worlds problems in a day!  So, I can honesty say, that 's a big plus! ...   WEIGHT CHANGES:  I became Vegan and did not loose any weight! :((
This pill was prescribed to me because I get menstrual migraines. While it has worked for that &amp; kept my skin clear from the cystic pimples I would occasionally get, it has raised my blood pressure &amp; made me gain at least 15 pounds now over 3 years. &amp; still gaining. When will it stop? Obviously not until I stop taking it. I don 't eat any more than I ever have, appetite feels the same yet this weight is somewhere on me. I am very unhappy with it. I feel bloated constantly &amp; no matter how much I work out or how much water I drink I cannot lose any weight. Seriously considering ditching this medication &amp; just dealing with the migraines another way. If you have started this med &amp; are gaining weight caution-if will not stop.
Side effects,  refux, heartburn,  rapid weight gain, dizziness,  generalised osteoarthritis pain, restless legs and leg pain, insomnia,  urinary tract infection,  blurred vision,  tiredness,  silent migraine,  nausea,  heavy legs and body after taking in evening,  aspiration of stomach contents, reflux while asleep scary... Lots of side effects,  going to GP to have change of meds,  feel terrible with all these side effects.. Blood pressure lowered as a result on a positive note...
The first day taking the medication I experienced extreme stomach pain and loose stools. I ate dinner about an hour before and still experienced the side effects. The second day taking the medication I am still experiencing the extreme stomach pain accompanied with loose stools and back pain. I took this pill on a full stomach. On the bright side my tonsils are less inflamed.
Hi I was want to share my experience with you ladies. I don 't pretend to scare anybody but here 's my experience with my Plan B ,I had unprotected sex with my bf back in July. The next day first thing in the morning I took plan B. Two weeks later I found out I was pregnant. It 's very rarely to get pregnant after plan B but it does happens. Good luck to you guys.
I have only been taking 40mg of propranolol twice a day for 5 days and I find that the tremor is much improved, however, I have such bad pain in my legs.  It started 2 days after I started taking it.  My thighs were aching all weekend and I have been woken from the pain in my lower back and hips since then.  Not good.  Hoping it will get better
Been on Isoniazid and Pyridoxine for 5 months now for Latent TB and have noticed that I 've become much more nervous especially when I 'm presenting to a crowd. I 've never had issues like this and been a good orator. Lately I get choked up and have performance anxiety!!! Can 't wait to stop this medication!
Have been prescribed doxycycline for bronchitis, also have asthma and have been on Prednisone steroids along side the antibiotics. Side effects experienced:Increased urination, Slow urine flow, Severe Kidney Pain, Headaches, Stomach pain, Yeast infection (Male).Out of all the antibiotics ever in my system these have the worst side effects, the chest infection has passed in 5 days.
I took it for 11 months and had to stop due to sudden spotting once a week. My body got used to the progestin and started shedding too much of my lining (what my doc said). I had such a great experience with it I am sad to see it not work for me anymore! I had my period every 3 months due to how horrible they were in the past, but on this pill my periods improved a ton. I went from being bed ridden for hours to an actual functioning woman. Sure I had cramps but they were just normal compared to what I was used to. Periods were shorter but not lighter. My breasts grew a lot as well. Didn 't gain any weight other than that. No other symptoms.
I suffer from Severe Post Traumatic Stress Disorder, Depression, Panic Disorder . The comment above me was almost like a mirror image! I was so relieved to see that another person has been on every anti-depressant out there and none had really worked... For me however, all the anti-depressants I have been on in the past have actually caused an opposite effect than what they are meant to do. I would become even more depressed and even suicidal. I have Systemic Lupus, (among many other serious health issues) and in my case, the Lupus is very severe. It is pain, every waking moment. The Fetzima 40mg has helped a bit with that, it hasn 't made me more depressed and I think I may even be feeling a bit more positive. So, all in all, I think it may be working : )
Today is only my first day, and I have to say I got really angry with something that happened at work and normally I can shrug this off, but it 's like I couldn 't control it, and was super quite that morning then through the day I felt better. I 've had headaches and bad diarrhea. The headache happened before the medicine so I 'm not sure it 's related and very slight nausea. I 'll blog again once a little more time has passed.
I have more of a concern/question than an experience to share. I have been taking Clindamycin 450 mgs 4 times daily....and started feeling a bit strange but nothing acutely abnormal just have felt off, so I came to read up on it &amp; get other users reviews. Let 's just say that had I known what could possibly happen weeks/months after stopping this drug, I wouldn 't have taken it however now that I 'm in half way through the prescription I 've taken notice that in complete contradiction to the norm, I 've had absolutely ZERO bowel movements in the last 6 days since starting this med &amp; I 'm getting concerned. Considering the norm reaction to this med is loose stools and/or diarrhea, I 'm just concerned that it 's doing something to my GI tract.
It definitely helps with &quot;urgency&quot; - I can now hang on for a while (up to an hour), whereas before I had to go immediately. My main concern with it is a feeling of vagueness and slight difficulty focusing mentally, starting around an hour after I take it and lasting 2-3 hours. It seems to be increasing. I am concerned enough about this that I am considering stopping Ditropan. Another side effect is a dry mouth. I need to have frequent sips of water, and the dryness wakes me up 2-3 times a night.
I 've had Nexplanon for 14 months and i don 't think it works with my body. The insertion was painless and I like how I don 't have to worry about taking a daily pill. However, since I started Nexplanon, my body has reacted as such: 1) my periods last for about 23 days or more when on my former birth control, they lasted only 3 days 2) My face breaks out during my cycle, which didn 't happen on my former BC 3) I never got cramps during my natural menstrual cycle or on my former birth control, but I get cramps on Nexplanon; during certain times I would cramp after orgasming oh, and it lowered my sex drive. 4) on the plus side, my breasts would get bigger and fuller for a few days. All in all, I think I will switch back to my old BC, Nuva Ring.
I recently got the Liletta inserted (June 2016). I have been feeling very bloated lately and after I eat I still feel hungry. I have been an emotional rollercoaster (I control my emotions very well, I calm myself down and usually am a very self uplifting person), so something is definitely wrong! I have light cramping everyday and breast tenderness here and there just like acne. You know your own body and you know when something is wrong. I don 't know if it 's because I recently had a baby (April), maybe its the IUD and recently giving birth and my body trying to adjust? I don 't know, all I know is that this SUCKS!!!I had the Mirena before and didn 't have as much problems as this one and its supposedly the same thing just a generic brand.
I got the lileta in me in February 2016 it wasn 't painful at all. I did bleed almost every day for a couple months. The blood wasn 't heavy it was very light but it was still annoying. I am now frustrated because every time I have sex, I start to bleed which kills the mood. And sex is painful for my partner. If I exercise my abdominal area I start to bleed as well. If I take a bath I start to bleed. I 'm tired of bleeding! This has to go!
Took this for the first time last night. 100 mg pill. I went to sleep within 30 minutes, but I woke up 2 hours later and took a 50 mg pill to go back to sleep. I woke up 3 hours later because of how dry my mouth was. I had to put a wet towel in my mouth to go back to sleep because of how dry my mouth was. I went back to sleep thankfully and woke up 5 hours later. So overall I got 10 hours of sleep. It puts you to sleep but I 'm having a lot of side effects - Stuffy nose and dry mouth while I 'm sleeping; I have now been up 4 hours and still have a headache and am somewhat dizzy. I 'll give this a week and see if the side effects go away. Will see what happens.
The first night on this med was almost unbearable with the burning, tossed and turned all night!Second night (this evening), took a hot shower, took ibuprofen before that, then inserted cream, it 's been an hour now and it 's burning a little but it 's wayyyyy more tolerable than first night. Hopefully this gives some of you hope! :)
I definitely would not recommend this for anyone. I got mine put in 2 months ago and it was fine in the beginning until I started my period. Ever since then I have been bleeding/spotting randomly. It 's awkward during sex and ruins my clothes. Also, the depression side effect is real. I 've been more down about almost everything since I got it. I plan on getting it removed as soon as possible. Like I said, I would NOT recommend this for anyone!!
Diarrhea a side effect.
I took the pill within the 72 hour period  (I am a plus size woman, I don 't see many reviews about PSWs and allegedly there 's some weight limit to the pill), got my period about a week or two later and I haven 't had my period for this month. The period I did have lasted about two or three days longer (about 8 days.) So I 'm sure the pill works to a certain extent, I guess my period still needs to regulate. It 's costly but effective.
It can cause serious drowsiness. consult doctor for change of dose if you experience drowsiness and feeling like sleepy all the time.
I 've been taking MS 30mg T.I.D. For 4 months for my migraine pain with Tylenol 3 for breakthrough relief. Migraines are starting to come back not sure what other options I have as IR pain meds are not an option as my migraines are to frequent and I risk becoming addicted.
I had strep throat and it knocked the strep out easily, but caused severe diarrhea
Been on SJW over 2 weeks now, for depression, still anger, arguing, sullen.  I 'm afraid that I am just a bad person and this can 't help.  I 've been on Cipralex for over 7 years, put on too much weight so gradually reduced them from 20mg, to 15mg ,to 10mg ,to 5mg, then down to 2.5mg, and still felt good.  My reductions carefully spread out over 5 months--- doc said &quot; well if you are down to 2.5mg just stop cold turkey as that 's a nothing dose&quot;. I believed him and stopped. That was 5 weeks ago and ALL MY DEPRESSION has come back even worse--crying nonstop , confrontational about everything, arguing, swearing under my breath when I have never sworn before, which made me turn to SJW, but they are not working for me as they seem to be doing for everyone else.
I 've had the Mirena for about 5 months now and I 'm still not sold on it.  The pain during insertion was high and I had horrible cramping for the next few days.  My periods are about a week and a half long, granted it is light and is more like spotting but it 's real inconvenient.  I still get pretty bad cramps accompanied with it too.  You 're told to give it about 6 months to let your body adjust to it so I 'm hoping it gets better.
the drug made me very nauseous and gave me headaches this is my third day and I take it twice a day for 7 days. I can 't wait until I 'm done with this it has an awful taste and make me feel really awful.
I 've been taking concerta for close to 15 years now since I was diagnosed at age 3. Around 8th grade I had started getting pain in my chest which was similar to costo condritis. The pain got increasingly worse up through highschool and the beginning of college around age 18 when it stopped affecting me as much. Now I 'm 21 years old (as of the 12th this month) and for the past years I 've been noticing that I 've been getting increasingly anxious and worrying more than usual. In the past 5years on a daily 63 mg dose I 've been dealing with depression, anxiety, nightmares, insomnia, loss of appetite, and I 've lost 30lbs due to that. It 's effective, but at a price, sometimes one you can 't afford.
I have been in pain for more than 18 years and used to live on Ibuprofen when I wasn 't diagnosed. Finally 2 years ago I was diagnosed with fibromyalgia and prescribed Tramadol (Ultram). It was wonderful. I could move so much better than ever before. My pain seemed to be controlled. However, I quickly realised that the medication only lasted for 4 hours every time. Then the pain would creep back stronger than before. 
I 've been taking Belviq for over a year and have lost over 80lbs. I 'm no longer taking my antidepressants either because I call it my little happy pill!  However they keep raising the price and I can no longer afford it.  I 'm sick of drug companies and they games they play with people 's lives!
I have not slept in 2 nights. It 's 4 am and I 'm wide awake.  I 'm so glad I found this website because I thought there might me something wrong with me.  Would have never thought Mucinex was the culprit! Although it has definitely cleared up all my congestion. 
I don 't know how anyone can gain weight on this drug. But I guess everyone is different. I have to force myself to eat and then I usually throw it up. However, when I 'm not sick to my stomach I feel ok. I wake up pretty happy. Slight mood swings. But it definitely took me out of the deep depression I couldn 't get out of. I have found I 'm interested in things I had lost interest in due to the depression. I 'm not sure if I 'll stay on it. It 's just ok
This has helped me.
This medication will absolutely be different with each individual...no doubt.  I hope more folks understand that with any/all medications have side affects; however, the benefits normally will outweigh the risks.  Diagnosed with a sinus infection after an MRI on my neck. Let me make a long story short because my symptoms are too broad to go into details...750 daily po for 2 weeks. I 'm extremely dizzy, I 'm confused, I 'm restless, I 'm plain beat down.I 've yet to see anyone on the highest dosage for sinusitis-except myself. Come on now_two weeks?..and I 'm still coughing after one week. Mind you all, I take this med same time every day with pretty much all the symptoms most have experienced (but even more). Question: anyone w similar experience
I started Contrave July 10 and and I 've lost  13 pounds already with little to no exercise. I 'm at my second week of taking 2 pills in the morning and 2 pills at night. I have very bad side effects now, any time food touches my stomach I get nauseated or vomit. I 'm constantly tired and I experience a little constipation. Ill be contacting the doctor to see if they will still be effective if I lower the dosage. I don 't plan on stopping.
I 'm on my second month of taking Loestrin, the first month was just fine, although I 've had migraine headaches since taking this pill. Now on my second month I 've had spotting, light breakthrough bleeding, and cramps on and off. My doctor told me to stick with it for another month. My periods are much lighter and fewer days which is why I started taking this birth control pill to keep from becoming anemic again.
At first, I loved the pill. It made my periods shorter, about 3 days instead of 8, and it kept me from getting pregnant. It 's affordable and got rid of my acne. It did not help with cramps at all, and it made me gain a lot of weight. I went from 118 lbs to 135 in a short amount of time. My breasts got big as well which was a plus. Then after almost a year, I began getting chronic urinary tract infections. Doctors could not figure it out so I stopped taking Apri to see if that was the problem and since then I have had no problems. 
I 'm female 24 years old, 190lbs. I was on 5 mg to 10mg now I 'm at 20mg I have been on this medicine for 8 months. It makes me feel a little better but I have had bad dreams so now I take another pill to sleep.
I have taken a low dose of Seroquel (100mg) for 9 months. Over this time the full on cravings and my weight have slowly crept up on me. I worry if they keep going like this that I may endup with diabetes. I have put on 12kgs extra since I started on March 5th 2015. I also have no feeling down there during sex- just feels like pressure or a massage- I have no enjoyment. I am also on Lithium and Lovan. Neither of these medications have caused these problems in the past. My boyfriend says I have improved since being on this drug. I think I will with the help of my doctor take myself off this drug.
I 'm 25 and have been on depo for about 14 months and the only good thing is no periods!! But I still have cramps from time to time.... Since using depo I have been diagnosed with anxiety and outrageous depression to the point I 'm on meds... I noticed alot of stomach pain, tingling in hands or feet, feeling nauseated when eating food, hair lost and weight gain. Went from size 16 to 22.. Always in a down mood and it killed my sex drive This drug is definitely not for me... Been off for 4 months now and still no sign of a period.... Hopefully it changes soon
Three weeks and counting! Saphris is helping stabilize my moods, along with my Lamictal, Celexa, Klonipin and Xanax. I do have a few side effects: dry mouth, constipation, lower right side and back pain. Also I have severe burning and pains in my ribs. Not sure if last one is a side effect or not. I have had a X-Ray, CT, and MRI which none show a problem. I am hoping that I don 't have to stop Saphris.
Chronic hives for 1 year - took all the antihistimines and prednisone.  The only thing that kicked the hives was prednosolone pack that I recently took after the Xolair shot did not work.  I have had 8 Xolair shots (monthly injections) and at first they were very effective.  After the 6th one, I had recurring hives and angiodema return so I am back on large dose of allertec and nightly taking hydroxyzine.   Xolair seems to help with the size of hives and the amount when breaking out.  Weight gain is definitely noticed but due to prednisone prior to the shot, I can 't be certain it is all due to Xolair.  Will continue on Xolair and perhaps look at Kenalog shot.
Adipex(phentermine) is great for weight loss.  I did experience minor side effects (i.e. dry mouth, insomnia.) I have taken this medicine on and off for several years.  I noticed rapid weight loss the first time I took it, losing over 30 pounds in the first month.  I was 202lbs when I took it the first time and after only 1 month I was down to about 170lbs.  I went off of the medicine for several months, didn 't exercise and returned to my original eating habits, regaining all of the weight plus some.  The second time I took it I didn 't experience the same rapid weight loss I had with the first attempt, only getting down to about 182lbs. Going for try #3 but will do it right this time with exercise and diet change for life!
This worked like magic on my horrible, knife-like abdominal cramps and bloating. Within 30 minutes, my tummy felt great! But... Bentyl leaves me unable to work and barely functional. When I would take it, it would make me so confused I couldn 't remember where I was, why I was there, or what I had just been doing. I would stop talking to someone mid-sentence and not remember what we were talking about or how I got there. I often couldn 't answer simple questions. I also became very dizzy. I would only take it again if the IBS symptoms occurred at home and at bedtime. Such a shame. Nothing took away my pain like Bentyl did.
I was put on EFFEXOR for depression &amp; anxiety. (Was on PAXIL  for many years) I told the nurse /practitioner I felt pretty good but always wondered if there was &quot;something better&quot;After starting on EFFEXOR I did have vivid dreams,and headachy,nausea &amp; dizziness and unable to have an intense orgasm (always fell short.)The big problem came when I ran out of pills and they wouldn 't refill until I saw a nurse. So w/o my pills for 3 days..OMG! Terrible withdrawals..dripping w sweat,terrible headaches, insomnia, nausea, diarrhea to feeling hopeless &amp; extreme dizziness AWFUL!!! DON 'T RUN OUT! I was terrified of going off the pill (switching to wellbutrin) Day two on 1/2 tab and so far so good!:) effexor may haveits place..just not w ME!:) you need to wean off them slowly!!!
I am 31 about 145 lbs and have used it 3 times. Twice, when I was on bc but had forgotten a pill during my 20 's and once when I was 30 and not on bc. It worked the 1st 2 times, with mild PMS like symptoms and heavier period. The 3rd time, I took it, I had unprotected sex and realized in horror, right after, that I was in my fertile period. I rushed to the pharmacy and took Plan B within the hour. With my prior success, I thought I would be ok. I had a bit of spotting a week later, and since one of the prior times I had early spotting, I thought nothing of it, nor of the tender breasts right before my period. Only after I was starving, and late did I take a test-I was pregnant. I had pains until I had a termination and a cyst after. CONDOMS.
I have always practiced safe sex, but when I heard about Nexplanon I was like why not.. it 's good for 3 years, and better safe than sorry. I got it inserted 2 months ago, and after the 3rd week I started spotting (my normal period would have came a week after.) I have been spotting/ been on my period since then, so about 5 weeks now. The light spotting was no big deal, but lately it 's been pretty heavy as to where I have to wear a tampon, a panty liner is not enough. I had a follow up check up a month ago, and the Dr. said everything was good: my insertion spot had healed up nicely, and the spotting was normal. But how long is it going to take for my body to adjust to it!? 
I 'm not even all the way through my first pack and I have a love hate relationship with Ocella. My docs gave me this medication to prevent future cysts; I had a 9cm and two 4cm cysts (existent since birth). I have spotting EVERY DAY! I can 't tell when my period started 
Helps me fall asleep, but doesn 't control my pain as much as I would like.
I used to take Zofran and personally felt the effects a lot quicker and took care of nausea better, but because of other meds I take it can cause bad reactions. They put me on Promethazine as needed for nausea from opiate meds or severe migraines . This doesn 't work quick and doesn 't work that great but I guess it 's better than vomiting
I have had cravings and weight gain on Remeron. The cravings are mostly for carbs at night. I am taking this medication for Anxiety and Insomnia. I really don 't see any change as far as the Anxiety but it does help me sleep. For the weight gain I am increasing exercise and putting healthy snacks in the fridge and cabinet like jello, pudding, etc.
Over all good
I 've been on Jolessa for about 45 days now.  My insurance wouldn 't approve the original brand, which my RN mother-in-law says is better, but I 've read about other women spotting on Seasonique too so its probably more personal experience. Light spotting at least every few days and I still got a period even after my first month which lasted about 10 days as opposed to my short, but very painful ones.  On the plus side, I didn 't even know the period was coming like I usually do: no severe cramps, mood swings, PMS, etc... On the down side, I have zero sex drive.  But overall, I feel very &quot;calm&quot; with less anxiety.  Not sure about weight gain, perhaps a few pounds but I 'm making an extra effort to eat better and exercise.
Started taking Contrave about 2 1/2 weeks lost a few pounds then gained it back. There are moments where I don 't want to eat but I need sweets and stuff my face. I did however quit smoking.
So me and my boyfriend had sex and the condom broke !! We where both so scared we are both still young and don 't need a baby well the next day I took plan B one step around 35 hours after he finished in me and today I just feel tired I 'm hoping it will work (I was in my fertile window)
This medication will take a cough away but I didn 't like the side effects. I normally react great to pain meds but not on this. Couldn 't sleep the first night. Woke up with severe headache. Had to take another dose for this cough and still bad headache. Can see this will turn to a migraine. Was so hopeful of this medication.
Flomax (Tamsulonsin hydrochlorid) helped me to uriniate normally. It did make me feel very tired and weak. I was taking one 0.4 mg a day. I started taking it with breakfast, but switched to taking it after dinner. That helped with most of the tiredness.
I had to stop taking Savella when titrating to 100 mg daily because my normally low normal blood pressure skyrocketed. Just prior to that it caused blurred vision and migraines. I reported the side effects to the FDA. I have a long history of fibromyalgia, 16 spinal disc bulges and herniations, polyarthralgias, arthritis and severe myofascial syndrome. Now, several months later I am willing to try another trial because the Savella is the only thing that helped me.  I bought a blood pressure cuff and will monitor my pressure daily and will not go beyond 50 - 75 mg/day if I get relief. Hopeful.
For the first year I say I was just &quot;adjusting.&quot;Irregular periods- going from one a month to twice a month. Then to only one every other month. Weight gain- NEVER have I had weight issues until about the 8 month mark I really starting noticing it. Sore breasts- this started immediately. So bad that I would take ibuprofen and sleep with a hot rag on them. I could barely move sometimes without horrible swollen breast pain. Has stopped somewhat lately. Nausea- After having the nexplanon in for about 6 months nausea began as a PMS symptom. I would be driving &amp;have to pull over to throw up. Then the next day i would realize my period was starting. No cramps or other symptoms. Another 6 months later the nausea went away &amp; others came back
I 've been on Xulane for several months now and I hadn 't had a problem until February, when the patch started to give me huge raised rashes, I tried it on multiple spots on my body, tried washing with different soaps, using different lotions, nothing worked.  I feel like they must 've switched the adhesive recently, because this problem happened out of the blue and wasn 't isolated to one patch (I even got a new package, and still had the same issue occur).  I 'm really disappointed because I loved this birth control, but I suppose I 'll just have to find something new when I have the time.  It 's really ruined all the skin I 've put it on. The skin where the rashes appeared seems to have scarred.
I have taken Niaspan 2000 mg for several years now.  It has had great success in raising my HDL and keeping my triglycerides low.  For years, I had minimal problems with flushing.  But now recently, I have had a number of episodes where I have woken up in the middle of the night with almost unbearable itching/burning skin.  I took a break from the Niaspan for a couple nights, and then when I tried it again the itching was worse.  I am going to have to discontinue this and consult with my doctor about what to do next to keep my numbers good.
Had Oxycontin addiction, went to methadone for 2yrs tapered from 150mg to 25mg then switched to Suboxone for 2 years. tapered from 32mg to 0.5mg. Initial taper was quick and I was at 2mg and below for the 2nd year. I was on 0.5mg (a quarter of a 2mg pill) for 2 months before I stopped. I stopped Sep1309 (7 weeks ago). Withdrawals are not as severe as oxycontins but long. The first week was hard and 2nd week was better and by week 3 I was much better. Here is the thing. I am still not sleeping well (5hrs/night) not solid, my motivation and energy are low, skin still crawls and Jimmy legs are the worst! (7 weeks).. After research, it looks like I will be dealing with this for 6 months-year. 
I 'm using these eye drops, to get rid of redness, in my eyes, due to dry eye syndrome.  While I do like how it works, it is way too expensive, at 45.00 a copay, and I have very good health insurance. 
I 've been on it for over a year &amp; it does work against pregnancy but gives me overwhelming nausea every single day &amp; doesn 't go away it also fixed my period but gave me cramps
I had Implanon inserted in February 2010 when my youngest daughter was 10 weeks old.  Insertion was pretty easy, my arm was sore for about a week after insertion while the skin on my arm got used to the implant being there.  It was fine while I continued to breastfeed.  I quit breastfeeding in July and in August started a period which has not stopped.  I am very crampy and tired all of the time.  My husband is so tired of me bleeding because that means no sex.  I have not gotten pregnant with this birth control.  Scheduling with my ob to get it removed and considering going back to Mirena which is what I had after my first daughter and did not have any of the issues.
Took Mucinex at 5 in the afternoon. Around 8 took my night meds, Next morning stumbling around, Body felt like it was flooded with heat-chest and arm pains. Had myself checked out and was ok. Pulled up website to get complete list of medicines not to take it with and found my answer there. If you have access to the internet I would put the OTC medicine in and get a complete list of what not to take it with.
when I was in 3rd grade I was diagnosed with Migraines sometimes the medicine doesn 't help I fell lightheaded a lot, dizzy, and tiredwhen I am in school when I get them my teachers just deal with it or no you don 't have a headache go sit down, or even they say you are just trying to avoid doing your stuff. which am not.
I 've been on it for a month and I am thinking of changing. I have had headaches so bad they make me want to cry 24/7. I also have been nauseous almost every single day after being on it for a week. I have been extremely emotional and had times when I feel very shaky. The fact that this puts of a lot more hormones then other birth control is the reason it is causing me to have these reactions I think.
Doc told me to stop increasing the dosage (via the titre-pack) as soon as I saw pain improvement, as this is the dosage I should remain on. I 've noticed a lot of people here continued to increase dosage past the point where they felt better, which could be why they had negative experiences and quit. It 's Day 2, but I slept a whole night for the first time in 2 years! Pain 's still here, but it 's early yet.
PROS- No period and didn 't get pregnant within the 2 years that I had the NexplanonCONS- Cravings, Migraines, No energy, Weight gain (14lbs in 2 years) to be exact and that 's a lot for me because I 'm already a big girl, Hard to lose the weight, mood swings, fatigued, lots of depression. It 's like being imaginary pregnant lol without having a baby growing inside of you.
HelloI started taking a half pill on friday 10/6 the first day i was ok just dry mouth...2nd day was dizzy and out of it...today is day 3...i have so much energy its not even funny. Im 30yrs old 5 '5 253 its been 3 days and im now 248...it doesnt seem real..because im not on the pill i am trying to eat better because i want it to work i cut way down and just taking it meal by meal...being on this medication gives mr anxiety because its a controled substance and it can be addicting... but i desperatly need to loose a chunk of this weight so i can have the motivation to do it on my own and keep it up! You guys all make me feel so much better with all your reviews so keep writting!
Been taking the pill for at least 10 years and was wonderful. However for the past year, I have noticed that even though I am taking it, my period is starting to come every 21-30 no matter what. I do not miss because I do not want the cycles at all and my menstrual periods were heavy, clotty and painful. I don 't understand why it is doing this. I will stop the pill for about two or three months to see what happens. I feel that if I am taking the pill and still having my periods, what is the point. I will see. I will make an appt with my OBGYN and see what she says. Wow!
Just wanted to say this medication helped my lower back pain immensely. My lower back had been sending nerve pain down both my legs  - the pain has been horrible. Meloxicam totally works. But....I 'm not giving it higher score because it made me cos of side effects after taking it 3 days straight (7.5 mg/once day). I seriously thought I had the flu at first and was going to throw up. Then felt a twisting knife-like pain in my stomach. Eventually , I drank some Kefir and ate a cracker and felt 80% better. But it really did a number of my stomach. I will only take it now when desperate for pain relief. Also, it caused me severe stomach bloating.
it seems to be helping the infection but the side effects are hard to deal with. Not used to being nauseous or having any kind of side effects at all. But I have found out that smoking marijuana helps with the nausea and the dizziness. Highly recommend the drug if you have an infection. But also highly recommend having a bag of herb for the nausea. I would highly recommend smoking before you take your daily dose. It that stops the nausea before it ever happens.
Used Testim for 30 days worked well.  Total testosterone increased from 298 to 631, with 5G.  My family could not stand the smell of Testim.  The smell was so poor I wouldn 't apply if I was going out in public. Testim would remain very sticky for an extended time.  Would have to keep pulling my shirt off my stuck skin throughout the day.  
I got the implant a little over a year ago and for the first 7ish months it was good. I had practically no period except maybe a little spotting every other month or so that lasted like 24 hours. But for the past 5ish months I 've been bleeding LITERALLY non stop. My face is almost always broken out &amp; before this I would MAYBE get like one pimple during a period... also I have pretty significant mood swings.I 'm probably getting it removed and going back to the pill. I 've heard pretty much everyone I know that has gotten it has had it removed within a year-a year in a half. It 's unfortunate because it is very effective birth control which is why I am hesitant to remove it and have tried waiting so long. But the side effects are unbearable
Started this medicine very slowly (10mg every other day) for 4 weeks, as I was nervous about a couple specific side effects (stomach &amp; higher blood pressure).  The only side effect during that time was headaches.  Then I couldn 't wait to increase to 10mg every day due to a great deal of pain, and my stomach and blood pressure were stable.  Just by increasing it from 4 tabs a week to 1 tab every day I 've only had a couple small headaches, and pain was greatly decreased in my fingers.  So far (at 3 weeks) still leaves a lot to desire.  My wrist still hurts a great deal, having moderate upper GI problems (extra &quot;severe&quot; acid reflux), hair thinning, and concerns about the future and/or long term side effects.  Will stay on it for now.
Did not thin out mucus of cough from severe sinus infection  Did make me bring it up though
It is too soon to give a full review but beware I tried this medication on my face and had intense stinging and burning to the point where I had to remove it. I tried to leave it on for 5-7 minutes to see if it would subside but I did not make it that long. I am not sure if it 's because my face was so dry / had broken skin. I am going to try it on other areas of my body and see what results I get. I am currently sitting with a towel and ice packs on my face so be careful with this ointment!
I am a 23 year old female with partial complex seizures. I was on 100mg of Topamax, while on 2400mg of trileptal. After two months I started noticing the endless side effects. Now trileptal makes me drowsy enough and I have never had an issue with caffeine and stress before; but out of now where I got a horrible under eye twitch that lasted for (3-4) DAYS. It happened every week through out the 6 months. So I new it was related to the medication. Next was the trouble in speech, not being able to find the right word, stuttering or repeating myself. My short term memory was gone.  I would have random pins and needles through out my legs which was probably the only tolerable side effect of the symptoms I had.
I have taken it a long while and it seems to be working. I have less seizures.
Ok so i usually use the suppository which works great but my m-i-l picked the cream up for me.... never experienced burning with the suppository...but oh man the cream is a killer. Its not as bad as labor and its a bit shitty of them to say to wait till bedtime to insert the medicine.... i have a baby that wakes up early and there 's no way im going to get sleep for quite a little bit. Hoping the burning wears down soon so i can sleep. Glad im not the only one experiencing this. Will continue to use until it helps. Many of the reviews said that day 2 aint so bad.... lets hope so. Goodnight? Ugh....
Couldn 't figure out the dosage....made me so sleepy at work so only took it at night but it didn 't matter.  It did help the cramping in my legs (have Multiple Sclerosis) but I gave up on Baclofen but now I have to wait for 4 more months to talk to my neurologist to see if I can try something else.
Started this medication today after being on bentyl for years. Noticed within a few hours I was having side effects. Muscle pains, nausea, loss of appetite.  Hopefully these subside and this medicine works. My insurance covered most of the cost, so pricing wasn 't too awful.
i have been on minastrin for 3 months after switching from the nuva ring (big mistake) i am constantly bloated on this pill, which is the most frustrating part. I have gained 10 pounds and i work out 6 days a week and eat extremely clean. i am going off this pill for fear that this weight gain will continue (my friend gained 20 pounds!) i am often achy and have many nights of restless sleeping. i have suffered from depression in the past so that might have something to do with the occasional moodiness. overall, bc is different for everyone but I 'm getting off this pill.
Okay, so you hear the horror stories and then you hear some ladies say it wasn 't bad at all. I have to say, my experience would definitely go under the &quot;horror story&quot; category! I had done some research, but not looked up any forums discussing insertion. I prepared myself, but NEVER would I have expected how bad it actually was! It doesn 't take long, but the amount of pain was almost intolerable. I thought I was going to pass out! When she told me it was over, the pain did not subside! I had to lay on the table for an extra 10 minutes to catch my breath. When I did finally leave the office, I had close to unbearable cramping all afternoon. I had to curl into a ball every time I got one (every half hr) and it lasted almost 7 hrs! :(
Thus is intended as a warning about sudden cessation of long term Lyrica use. I 've been taking 75mg twice daily Lyrica for severe pain resulting from crush fractures in my spine. I started to feel a slight benefit from the drug a few weeks after beginning to take it but it wasn 't until I started swimming that my long standing pain completely disappeared. I never missed a dose until a few days ago: just ran out, had to wait til the next day, effectively missing two doses. I went through an incredibly harrowing experience in that time without the drug...it wasn 't psychological: I could almost physically feel the chemistry in my brain and body going totally haywire. It was extremely alarming, nothing can describe how nasty it was.
I 've been on minocycline for five days now and I 've noticed the acne on my skin starting to clear up pretty well and I bet two more weeks would clear it fully. But the side effects are too difficult to bare. I feel far too tired, my mouth is always dry and has a bitter taste no matter what I eat or how much I brush my teeth. But most recently my throat swelled up to the point where I could barely gulp. Overall I think it has potential to be a great product. But for me it wasn 't worth the suffering.
I suffer from frequent severe migraines and disclosed this info to the physician during my visit. Recent sinus infections I took a Z-pack and was done but this time was my first time taking Bactrim - DS. Painful headaches, stomach aches, constipation even after drinking water frequently daily. Hoping I don 't get the yeast infection or any other issues some patients complain about.
I just finished my first litre of Moviprep for my colonoscopy tomorrow. It 's disgusting tasting and very hard to swallow, I 'm constantly gagging. It does exactly what it 's suppose to though, I feel like I 'm peeing from my butt and it 's definitely cleaning out my system. I 'm dreading the next litre in the morning.
I started taking Keppra 500MG twice a day 2 weeks ago after being hospitalized for a tonic-clonic seizure lasting about a half hour. Since I started taking the 500MG, I used to fall asleep for more than 8 hours at a time. I 've gotten a few headaches, but nothing as serious as the ones I used to get before. My reaction/talking/thinking time was definitely slowed down, but its improved a lot. The first week I used to sleep the whole night through, now its reversed where I can 't stay asleep all night. I noticed my mood has changed and mostly for the worse (angry all the time). Really frustrating to adjust to but hoping for the best. Seizure-free so far!
15 year old daughter used Minocycline for 2 months and it was super at clearing her whiteheads-face, back, neck. Then we took a break, acne came back. MD gave us brand name version (1 pill/day verses 2per/day with generic, and much more expensive) and it didn 't work at all after 2 months.  Tried generic minocycline again after waiting a few months, and unfortunately we saw no results second time around.  Trying birth control pills now.
Have just been diagnosed with Relapsing-remitting  MS have been on Gilenya since March 2017 only side effect at the moment is constant joint pain, wondering if anyone else has experience this? Is there any pain relief for the joints that actually works?
I 've been taking fluoxetine for 6 months now. I started taking at night after my first day due to drowsiness. I wake up periodically through out the night. My dr says it 's not the medicine. But it has to be. I haven 't had a good nights sleep in months! &amp; I 've always loved to sleep. The medicine works awesome though
Viibryd has been great for me as far as taking care of my depression.  It started acting quickly and has been fantastic!  I have nothing but good to say about how well it treats my depression.However, if I EVER miss my pills at night I am in REALLY bad shape the next morning.  I am extremely tired - but in a really weird way.  I am super sensitive to light - to the point it is dangerous for me to drive as the sun comes up because I can 't keep my eyes open.  When I take a nap (because I am so tired) I have horrific nightmares that are really vivid.  It really is kind of scary. 
dr determined that I had reached maximum lifetime dose due to the fact that after complaining for more than a year about severe epigastric pain, an egd showed that at least 60% of my stomach lining was sloughing and actively bleeding- I now have chronic hypomagnesiumemia and chronic pancreattis
After a year on Femara I am beginning to experience severe hair loss, bald patches on top of my head and the hair is turning thin and brittle. Insomnia for the last 2 months, pain in my joints, I was diagnosed with Glaucoma and am very forgetful, i.e. find it defficult to concentrate.  But, if Femara stops the recurrence of cancer, I 'll keep taking it.  If it just were not for the hair loss. 
This so far has been the only pill/birth control  where I don 't feel emotionally unstable; I feel like my regular self.  HOWEVER, I have noticed a significant increase in pimples: breakouts on my face. It looks terrible, like connecting the dots.  I feel like I 'm just going to deal with it because it 's the lesser of the two evils. Also, this is only my second pack of if, but I did have 2 periods in one cycle. I 've never had that with another birth control.  Probably going to get another pack at my next appt. I would much rather feel emotionally normal than have perfect skin. Yes, my skin is looking bad. But not many other options!
OMG took 2 pills at 6pm woke up at 2:30am and thought I was dying from the cramps. I spent about an hour rocking back and forth on the toilet and nothing happened for about 45 minutes. But the cramping, faint feeling and nausea were so unbearable I was crying for my mom. I have never had cramping so bad... definitely NOT gentle or subtle, it got the job done but I will never take it again.
&quot;Birth control will relieve cramps!&quot; she said. Initially she put me on a combination pill and all was fine until I had an allergic reaction. She thought putting me on this darn shot would be a better idea and I trusted her. All was fine for about a month until I started to feel physically repulsive. Mind you, this has never been an issue with me. My breasts look like nubs i. e. lost their perkiness and my stomach looks like I ingested an entire inflated balloon. I also have chest acne which has never been a problem for me, even as a teen. I constantly feel disgusted with myself. Is it in my head? Maybe, but I hate feeling gross all the time. My boyfriend is still weirdly attracted to me.   I refuse to get this again.
Had my Skyla IUD inserted on the 4th and the insertion part for me was very uncomfortable &amp; painful... I cried while having it inserted. But was comforted the whole time, which made things better. After having it inserted, I went home and rested with my heating pad. No pain meds taken before or after my insertion. Cramping took place several hours after, would stop and return shortly again. On a scale from 1-10, the cramping was a 7 the 1st day.Week 2: occasional strong cramps in my admoninal area, light bleeding/spotting, feeling nausea, bloating  (common side effects) Will try this out for a couple months, if no sign of improvement or better comfort will have taken out. FYI everyone 's experience will be different. Be your own judge :)
I 've been on NuvaRing for 3 months.  I chose Nuvaring because I knew I couldn 't be trusted with taking a pill everyday but wanted birth control to help regulate my periods, ease mood swings, and clear skin.  On Nuvaring still have mood swings, more headaches now, at times feel very tired, still have bad breakouts and also an almost non existent sex drive.  I assumed all this was because I was home with 3 little kids, until I noticed a pattern while on the Nuvaring.  Three days after I take the ring out, I have a surge of sexual desire (also this is when my period starts, figures).  I 'm going to stick with it for another 2 months to see how it goes, meanwhile I 'm going to talk with my doctor again about better options.
I 've only been on it for a week now and I have some side effects such as moodiness, breast soreness, hair loss, bloating, diarrhea. It 's not too bad though and I hope it subsides. I like that it is more convenient than the pill. You don 't have to remember to take it everyday. But don 't listen to people saying they hate it because some birth controls work for certain people and people complain about them all. Just experiment. Also my boyfriend said he couldn 't feel it so that 's a plus.
Hi, I 'm trying to find a new medication to try for my GAD because lexapro isn 't working anymore. I 've been on that for 5-6 years now. Went from 5mg to 20 mg. Please share some experiences with me. Bad/ good. I despratly need to know I do not trusty doctor he is a pill pusher and I want to know what I 'm getting into before I start anything and I 'm thinking Zoloft sounds good.
I really have a love/ hate relationship with Quetiapine. Here goes...Love- keeps moods stable, helps with my psychosis and disassociation linked to Bipolar and EUPD. I feel like it keeps my more volatile mood swings back and helps me to be calm in situations I would ordinarily struggle with. Hate- Man, it makes me eat. I 've been on it for 9 months and I 've put on just over 2 stone. I hate being this heavy but it seems no amount of gym sessions (I 'm extremely physically fit but can 't loose the weight) and diets help. Every night I go the fridge after I 've taken 200mg of it. It also makes me super tired and I REALLY struggle to get up in the morning. I also feel like I 'm trapped in a cycle- if I come off it, my moods are awful.
No noticeable difference with Januvia, which was added to Metformin, Glipizide, and now Victoza. I have been taking the first three meds for a few years.  My question is that I often see the entire Januvia pill, undigested, in my stool.  Why is this?  I tend to be constipated but do not take laxatives.  I told my doctor, but she did not seem concerned.  If this med is just passing through my body, what is the point?  I take my Januvia, and Glipizide before dinner, and my Metformin before breakfast and my night time snack. ( I have high morning sugars.)
First two weeks, arm was sensitive and painful. Could feel the implant but after two weeks,  I didn 't notice it at all. But I have lost my sex drive, am moody and have had 7 months of spotting and bleeding. Have to constantly line my panties. Lighter periods. No weight gain. Had UTI recently but not sure if that 's related. Hope it gets better.
I 'm on Mono Linyah and I have a love hate relationship. I 've been on it for a month and my 32A breasts are now 32B breasts. I 'm underweight and struggle with weight gain but this pill has helped me put on pounds. I 'm hungry a lot lol. My skin is totally clear, not even any blackheads, which is great. But my mood swings are extreme. On the active pill it 's bad but I can handle it, but on the last week (period week) it 's awful. I cry several times a day and can 't get a hold of myself no matter what I do. My period was heavier than ever and I cramped horribly. But, it was short.I find it hard to concentrate due to mood swings but I just drink some herbal tea and am usually fine afterwards. Love/hate relationship.
This medication really made me eat less! It 's not a conscious feeling of a decreased appetite, but you just don 't feel &quot;in the mood&quot; to eat anything and nothing looks appetizing to you. I didn 't realize it until I went on the scale and lost 8 pounds in the first week (on the lowest dose!). Started at 232 lbs 5 '2&quot; female- 24 years old. No other health complications besides overweight. HOWEVER, had to stop this med after 1 week because of horrible side effects. Dizziness- to the extent where I couldn 't lift my head off the pillow in the morning (and through the day). Cognitive impairment- felt like I lost my brain. Can 't think, can 't come up with answers to any mathematical questions, can 't concentrate. will try plain Phentermine.
I have been on contrave for about 5 weeks now.  I have lost, gained &amp; lost 4lbs.  I intend to stay on it another month and try to be more physically active.  One thing I have noticed, is that my jeans are not as tight.  I have actually gone in 1 - 2 notches on my belt.  Which is more impressive to me than the 4 lbs.  I had a few headaches off and on for the first 2 weeks, but nothing major.  For me the side effects haven 't been that bad.  I have noticed that it has helped me A LOT with cravings and portions.  With contrave, I haven 't snacked all day at work or in the evening after supper. It has reduced the amount of food I am able to eat.  If I over eat, I feel miserable.   I was hoping to lose at least 10 lbs but that hasn 't happened yet.
I 've been reading the comments but I haven 't seen one post that relates to mine. I don 't know if I should stop taking it or not, because it helps my BV immensely, but causes a lot of discomfort for me. I 'm not having any of the side effects most of you are having but I am experiencing something else. I have only been taking this pill for 3 days and my only issue is my vaginal area is very painful now. I bled during sex for the 1st day and lasted for about a day. It all feels swollen. My clitoris is VERY sensitive which I 've never experienced before and it hurts even when I walk. I have to adjust myself before I sit, or I can feel the pressure and it almost stings. Meanwhile, it makes me itch, and I can hardly wipe after the bathroom.
Began taking Zolpidem due to insomnia.  I had no trouble falling asleep but I would not stay asleep and wake up 5-10 times a night.  Now I fall asleep and sleep well for an average of 5 hours. Usually by 3:30am I am awake and not able to fall back to sleep.  I get up for work at 4:30 am.  So at least I am getting 5 good hours but I wish it would last longer.  I long for 7-8 hours of sleep.  I have had no adverse effects.  Don 't wake up groggy and no memory loss.  
This medication is great for depression, however, I am not really feeling much change in Social Phobia - except for preventing blushing, but not in all situations. I have been on it for 5 1/2 weeks so I am still giving it time. The side effects are easily coped with, and it didn 't escalate my anxiety to begin with, although it made me very drowsy.
Diovan HCT 160/12.5 - took for over 8 years.  Blood pressure was controlled...however, did not realize that daily headaches, hair thinning, up and down blood sugar, weight gain, muscle aches, etc. were side effects.  Stopped taking and all symptoms started to go away.
Sorry I want to share what happening to  the inside of my mouth. I Have perfect teeth and since I started to take sub 's I am in deterioration mode. This drug sucks. Maybe try with something else.
I was in coma for 3 weeks. When i eventually got home i woke up on  the 3rd morning to total blindness in my left and only partial site in the other.After invasive investigation it was decided that it was a very rare fungal infection probably caused by acentral line. I had the majority of the infection removed but it left me with cataracts. During the course of all this i have been applying maxidex 2 drops every morning along with other eye drops. I think it has helped alot. I continue to apply it and am due to have the cataract removed in november. That means I 'll be able to see by Christmas all being well. I have the original surgeon to thank for my sight. He had been in the business 35 years and never seen the kind of infection.
I have been on Effexor now for almost 6 months. I take a combined dose of 75mg and 150mg at once( 225mg) I started at 150 and was given the 75mg a few days later to help with my anxiety. The meds do make me &quot; numb&quot; to emotions, and it does help with my depression and anxiety. I have good and bad days. Sometimes my meds will make me sick to my stomach, I often feel dizzy and feel brain zaps, and &quot; electrical&quot; zaps down my arms and fingers. It often takes away my appetite, and have lost weight I often struggle with constapation too. And sometimes it makes the voices, depression and anxiety worse. Compared to other meds in the past, Effexor is better. On good days I feel better and turn from realistic view point in the world to a more positive
I finished my first bottle about 40 minutes ago.  Taste was horrible  but I read other posts and used two straws and plugged my nose.  Difficult to get more water down afterwards because of bloating.  Nothing happening yet but a little bit of stomach pain.  I hate to use an old adage, but....they can put a man on the moon.....!  Kudos to any drug company that can get this down to a few pills or at the very least, a couple of ounces (versus 12 oz in split doses).  It 's going to be VERY difficult to get that second bottle down tomorrow on an empty stomach.
First this pill kind of freaks me out with the whole &quot;have to take it within the hour at the sametime everyday&quot;. I also deal with no period of a week, period of 3 days, no period for 4 days, then period of another 2 days...on and on and on. I have been on it for three months and thinking that this might not be the pill for me. It has given me some anxiety and increased my mood swings. I do have breast tenderness at times. Probably not the pill for me. But I was put on it since other birth control pills give me a headache and so far this pill has never given me a headache so at least that has worked.
Severe back pain, severe neck pain, and torn rotator culf
Have been on this for 8 days now , still struggling to eat ( having to force myself )  , only getting 3 hours sleep and they blooming lucid dreams and hands and head always hot when in bed , spaced out a bit but do feel a little calmer just really wish the side effects would go away , giving it another 6 days then I 'll need to stop so hopefully they go away .....just my experience tho please don 't let it affect yours they are worth a try
I 've been on Sronyx for 4 weeks now and so far things I 've noticed has been increased acne breakouts (not horribly), really bad bloating around my period, and some weight gain (luckily only 3 lbs). Other than that there hasn 't been any other side affects.
It helps with my narcolepsy but isn 't strong enough. I can still fall asleep almost anytime.
I have had this implant for a little over a month now. When inserted, I began feeling the effects later that day. Already was I experiencing mood swings. It wasn 't until a week or two later that I began falling into a sort of depression. For a whole month I was incredibly sad. I cried everyday. I 'm going through a rough time in my life right now, &amp; I couldn 't have gotten this inserted at a worse time. It made everything so much more difficult and had a big effect on my relationship. Around the time I would normally get my period, I began to spot for two weeks straight. It was a brownish color. Then, i got my period right after. The only positive about this thing is that I haven 't gotten pregnant. Otherwise, I 'm getting it removed asap
I took this medicine for GOUT just prior to a holiday. It reduced the pain of the gout but made my legs feel as if they were made of lead! I did not continue after 3 or 4 tablets as they were affecting my ability to walk successfully.
I would give Depakote a lower rating based on my personal experience with it, but I don 't want to skew the overall rating.  For whatever reason, I did not respond to Depakote as a mood stabilizer.  This is surely not the case for everyone.  The problem is that while taking this medicine, I gained 30 pounds, as I constantly felt hungry.  I was warned ahead of time that this tends to keep the brain from perceiving fullness (or something to that effect).  I noticed this within a few days of starting Depakote but continued taking it because I didn 't have many other options at the time.  The weight gain created an entirely new aspect of depression.  Just something to keep in mind if you 're just starting it and weight gain is an issue.
I have had depression most of my life but well controlled.  I had a very traumatic experience that totally changed my life.  It totally turned my life upside down.  My doctor prescribed Fetzima. I this helped to some point.  I still don 't feel like I can be myself and enjoy life.  I have been better on other things.
So I 've been on Lo LoesteinFe since Nov 2014 now and I 've been liking it so far, I was afraid to breakout since I always had very clear skin all of my life . The good thing is my skin is still very clear and I haven 't gained a drastic amount of weight even though I don 't eat right most of the time so that 's good . (But I recommend to exercise and eat right while your on it ). The only downside is that I 've been feeling mood swings and depressed while still on this pill and I 've only felt this change just this month . Because I 'm normally very upbeat and stress free . But other then that I recommend it for not worrying about breaking out or gaining much weight .
My experience is only a week old, and I 'm here to see what other users have diarrhea during the initial two weeks of taking Linzess.  But I did want to reply to Bronx boy 's fears about what will help him if this doesn 't.  Magnesium.  I deeply understand his fear, as there 's nothing worse than constipation.  Before Linzess, I took a product called CALM, which is a fizzy drink of magnesium citrate.  IT WORKS!  My problem with it is it woke me up in the night - works fast.  I 've found, during these initial days of taking Linzess, that I can still take CALM in the morning if I have that miserable &quot;incomplete&quot; feeling, and CALM will work within an hour on an empty stomach.  I rated it at 5 at this point pending further experience.
This was the first drug I was ever prescribed for insomnia and it worked great for 1 week and then I couldn 't get more than 2 hours of sleep out of it...the side effects were pretty undesirable, as well, compared to other hypnotics that I have tried over the past year.
Weight gain. And I feel very bloated all the time. Diminished libido also. But, its better than taking a pill everyday. Also has cleared up my acne!
I have been on contrave for about 5 weeks now.  I have lost, gained &amp; lost 4lbs.  I intend to stay on it another month and try to be more physically active.  One thing I have noticed, is that my jeans are not as tight.  I have actually gone in 1 - 2 notches on my belt.  Which is more impressive to me than the 4 lbs.  I had a few headaches off and on for the first 2 weeks, but nothing major.  For me the side effects haven 't been that bad.  I have noticed that it has helped me A LOT with cravings and portions.  With contrave, I haven 't snacked all day at work or in the evening after supper. It has reduced the amount of food I am able to eat.  If I over eat, I feel miserable.   I was hoping to lose at least 10 lbs but that hasn 't happened yet.
Adderall is effective, but it comes with consequences. Both to your physical and mental health. I am 27 years old, I have taken Adderall on and off for about 10 years. Started it my freshman year of college. It was AMAZING at first! Lost that freshman 15, got straight A 's, actually ENJOYED my work. Then I started noticing the crash symptoms. Tired, withdrawn, emotionless, sleepless. I stopped taking it because I hated the way it made me feel, but I realized how much more productive I am when taking it. When I start taking it again my immune system is shot, I 'm constantly sick with something, I get super irritable. When I don 't take it I can barely get out of bed and I always gain weight, which always sucks. It 's a vicious cycle.
Started taking Lunesta when I was 15. The brand name works amazingly! Now that insurance doesn 't want to cover the brand without a fight,even if they cover I have a 100$ Co pay on it!! I 'm stuck with the generic and it 's not so great. Definitely doesn 't work as well plus the orange generic doesn 't work at all, I have to have the blue ones to get any type of sleep.
I used Enbrel for Psoriasis for a little over 2 years. I was eager to try something that worked since at that time, nothing did. It worked and continued to work. It was VERY expensive and good thing I had insurance to cover it, or I would be back at square one, feeling and looking terrible. The needle is massive and hurts but it was worth it 100%. After those 2 years, Enbrel started to NOT work and my doctors upped my dosage 3 or 4 times and finally I had to be switched since it just did not work anymore. I researched it and I did read that after X amount of times some patients can and will become immune to the drug. This is what happened to me. I was devastated. So now I have to do IV treatments of Remecade every 8 to 10 weeks.
I have been taking this pill for about two weeks now and I feel very depressed. I don 't feel like myself at all and I have picked up a little weight just from two weeks. I think I 'm about to stop this pill because its making me into a whole different person and I don 't like it one bit. I feel sad and worried all the time. Normally I 'm a carefree person.
For starters, I 've been living through endo for 9 years now. But, after two surgeries for ectopic pregnancies my periods and pelvic pain hit an all time high so I decided to give the depo shot a go. Day three after getting the shot the bleeding/spotting started and never let up. I was constantly wearing a pad or panty liner. No bueno. Along with the spotting was off and on cramping, GI issues, and an insatiable appetite. I was basically having my period every single day. This went on for 4-5 months and let me just say to women worried about gaining weight, NO! Try something else. I gained 23 freaking pounds and now my body doesn 't want to let go of that weight. All in all this did nothing but make my severe periods moderate and constant.
I was diagnosed with generalized anxiety at a very young age, I believe I wasn 't at the age of 10 yet. Anyways I started taking a medicine for about 6 years and it stopped working so we switched to Celexa. I now have night sweats, a dry mouth, bad drainage, and a swollen uvula. These symptoms haven 't stopped and it 's been several months, we think I have a virus but I believe it might be the Celexa. I 'm 13 years old and I 'm taking 20mg because they keep increasing my dose. But overall I haven 't noticed any changes from any of the other medications I 've taken. 
I was put on klonopin at age 17. I took it as prescribed for 20 years, going from 0. 5mgs to 3-4mgs a day. While it worked great for anxiety and insomnia, I wish I had never taken this medication. Last year I was detoxed off of it. When I tapered off I didn 't sleep at all for 11 days. After that I had extreme anxiety and agitation. I couldn 't sit still for months, I had to take a non addictive medication to be able to sleep at all. I was unable to eat well for months. Doctors don 't think to tell you that this medication makes you physically dependant. You cannot stop abruptly or you risk seizures. It is made for short term use, about 2 weeks. I wish I had never taken this medication. I will never take another benzodiazapine again.
Some background: I am 25, have never been on birth control and have regular periods. I 'm on my 5th pack of Lo Loestrin Fe and so far am pretty pleased with it other than a few annoying things. I did experience some spotting in the very beginning, and when I started my 4th pack I got my period 2 weeks early which was surprising since I 'm so used to having a regular period. I also seem to get a mild yeast infection around the time of my period which, as you can imagine, is awful. I don 't really want to stop taking this pill because my skin has cleared up and I haven 't gained any weight. Just dealing with the yeast with probiotics/yogurt and hopefully it 'll all balance out. If not I 'm just going to stop taking it.
I have cystic acne and it helped slightly
I got my IUD put in 2 days ago. It hurt more than I thought it would, like being stabbed twice with the measuring and insertion but was over before I knew it. I wasn 't told to take any painkillers beforehand but wish I had.  I couldn 't help but cry as I felt cramping and felt the T seem to open up inside my uterus. An abortion hurt less than this. I haven 't been able to do all that much in 2 days. I can feel it in there &amp; it doesn 't feel right, inflaming the uterus so nothing attaches.Woke up today with my belly swollen, 1.5 in. bigger than before &amp; had diarrhea for 2 days. Got online &amp; read about more side effects. Fianc&eacute; felt bad for me and we are discussing him getting a vasectomy now since this doesn 't feel right. Removing it asap.
I was prescribed 1-2 months of doxycycline to treat my Lyme Disease. The first 2 weeks I was very nauseous, even when I took it with food. DEFINITELY TAKE DOXYCYCLINE WITH FOOD.  After 2 weeks my body adjusted and I felt better. The doxycycline made me feel bloated and tired the whole course, but it 's totally worth it to be Lyme free.  I have one week left in my course so I do not know for sure if it worked, but it worked for my brother who took the same med for the same reason a few years ago.
I started using Depo-Provera middle of January 2014 it has been a month and I haven 't had a period. I have severe breast ache on my left breast and sometimes I may get cramps. I sleep all the time and I am always tired and on edge. I have control on the way I feel and I am grateful for the injection as I forget to take my pills.
Hi Everyone, I 've recently been offered a very good job in the insurance industry training bank staff on insurance products and doing presentations to different people EVERY DAY. I am an insurance specialist but have never had to present to strangers let alone present to a new bank with new people every day. I 'm in day 3 of my new role, first day went shaky, but okay. Second day went alot better, but this morning my social anxiety got the better of me and I choked in my presentation this morning. My words came out wrong, I started shaking and sweating. I had to get up for a glass of water. I couldn 't continue and I felt embarrassed in from of a crowd of people listening to &quot;the expert&quot;. I blamed it on my asthma. What do I do???
about to start my 4th month on this pill. mainly went on this pill for acne but not much improvement. Especially around the week of my period, all hell breaks loose. thankfully the period itself only lasts 3-4 days now and its fairly light. no weight gain, slight increase in breast size, no stomach pains, no hair loss. I am pretty emtional now tho, I cry at every sad video I see and every little thing seems to set me off. also, whenever I lay down, my left arm and leg goes slightly numb
I took Simponi for 8 months before stopping to get pregnant with my son. All of my symptoms had disappeared and I was 100% flare up free. However, after having my little guy and starting the Simponi injections again I have not had any relief to my psoriasis and have experienced 2 flare ups even after upping my dose to every 3 weeks. How can it have worked so well and now not well at all. I have requested an appointment with my rheumatologist to discuss other biologic medicines.
Exceedingly dry mouth causing broken sleep and frequent drinks, blood sugar ebbs and reduced stamina, encourages me to eat up to five times a day. Osteoarthritis worsens with the dryness however mentally stable. Wary of this drug being only a stop gap and apprehensive what 's next on the medication menu as all have unbearable side effects.
I 've been on Trulicity 1.5 for a few months now.  I 'm Type 1 so I also take humalog and tresiba.  I have a love/hate relationship with Truclicity.  It definitely helps with my sugars and weight loss.  I don 't have to take a much insulin when I 'm on it.  However, I have random nausea, weakness, and fatigue. Seems lately that it 's happening more often.  It 's hard for me to get things done during the day because of the side effects. So I 'm trying to decided if its worth staying on it.
Tried this for my six year old son for migraines. Reduced the migraines almost in half, then we doubled those dose. It than caused restlessness, he went four days without sleeping. We have now gone back to the first dosage and are thinking about stopping it altogether.
Loose bowels all the time,  my stool smells horrible all.
This is my second yeast infection in three weeks. This first was caused by scented soap and I had also worn a pair very tight lace underwear. Now during the first yeast infection I used the 7 day miconazole and my experience was very horrible I applied it at night and the itching was excruciating, the swelling from the infection was pretty bad during the day as well; But, I stuck with it for 7 days and it cleared up and everything was great. Then a week after the symptoms were clear it came back pretty mild and I noticed a little irritation. This time I am using Monostat 3 , I haven 't been inserting the egg but I 've been using the external cream, and there is some itching &amp; burning when applied but it isn 't too bad.
It helped relax my uterus so I could sleep.
Want to be completely fair because I haven 't been using the treatment for long. The one thing I will say is that for three of the first four days I have had THE most terrifying nightmares I 've ever experienced, including 5 minutes ago. Started four days ago with an incredibly lucid dream about being at my mums side as she died of cancer, and just now a whole manor of horrifying scenarios which would cause me to  'wake up ', but I was only waking up in the dream itself. The last dream left me completely unable to move for what felt like an eternity and I woke crying which I haven 't never ever done.For context, I do dream every now and again, that I can remember. My dreams are normally fairly lucid but never really anything at all...
Been having pain in foot mostly but now knee  and hip of same side
While looking through the reviews for the first few weeks I saw none that had a similar experience to mine. While on Epiduo Forte I experienced no dryness on the skin and it ended up making my face even more oily! I stuck with it for 3 months and while my face did get a little better it didn 't give me complete results. I will now be taking something stronger. Remember, every face is different so if you 're getting dry but not harshly dry I would stick to it, but if your face is handling it well you may need to go back to the doctor or derm for something a bit stronger!
I had 2 infusions in June, 2 weeks apart. Had a severe reaction with the first infusion and a mild reaction with the second infusion. Have not noticed any changes in my condition. I 've read it might take up to 3 months to see the effects of rituximab. Am still taking azathioprine, prednisone and doxycycline to manage symptoms.
I have weight gain. It has almost ruined my relationship. I got in a few huge arguments with my boyfriend. I didn 't know what was wrong with me. I just feel unbalanced. It is better than most birth controls. I 've tried the IUD but I gained weight to much to quick.
I have had psoriasis my whole childhood since I was 5 years old currently 18 years old. My psoriasis was so severe that I had patches over my whole body. Last summer I finally found a doctor in my area who got me on humira for psoriatic arthritis. For the first 8 months my psoriasis was completely gone and I had no pain. But recently for a few months now my hands, feet, elbows, wrist, knees, and ankles stiffen up and are in excruciating pain. Some days I can 't even walk, get outta bed or just do my normal activities. I 'm going to see a  rheumatologist in two months but I don 't think I can 't make till then cause everyday I 'm suffering from so much joint pain. I thought humira would help me but instead it 's hurting me!
I took this medication for a year and a half,it worked great for my anger issues but did very little for my depression...It also worked well for my fibromyalgia...The down fall for me was feeling like a zombie 24/7,to the point of not even having energy to clean my house,have a shower daily or even brush my teeth...I just didn 't care about anything at all...Not a good way to live 
In mid June 2015, I started leaning up my diet. I have PCOS and have been very overweight since I was a young adult, over 100lbs. So fast forward to June 2015, I 'm now 38. I weighed 284lbs. Holy God! I 'm only 5ft tall!  I started the Ketogenic or Ketosis diet. High fat, low carb= zero results. Then in August I saw the doc &amp; started on Contrave 8/22/15. I lost 10lbs the 1st. Month. Sept-Oct was only 5lbs. It 's gradual but w/PCOS, it 's next to impossible. I use Scale Down. It can make you anxious weighing. My doc 's big picture, even 5lbs/mo. is still a loss. There are long plateaus &amp; weight gainin some days, but then you lose a couple lbs &amp; it does work. I haven 't had pasta/bread/soda/rice/chips/cookies/candy since June, no more addiction.
I bought the one day pre filled insert and there was some mild burning but not unbearable this would make the second day of my YI I 'll keep u guys updated
I have been on this medication for 16 days now and have not felt any different at all. I feel like I 'm still me, not any happier or sad. The only thing I 've noticed is that I use the restroom more often. I couldn 't sleep well the first few nights but now I can sleep whenever and not wake up until morning. I don 't know how long it would be until I start to notice any changes.
Before trying this type of birth control, I read the reviews here and I thought there was a great chance that I wouldn 't have any serious side effects. Although I didn 't have serious side effects, I did experience spotting every single day while on this. My periods were heavier than usual. I was moodier. I had a great increase in appetite, which made me feel like a pregnant woman. Because I was bleeding every day, I never wanted to have sex. This product definitely did what it was supposed to. For me, the one pro was that I only had to change my patch once a week. I will be switching back to the pill. With the birth-control pill, I never experienced any negative side effects. My only problem was forgetting to take it.
I had ALL (acute lymphoblastic leukemia) then started suffering from having no drive, depression etc. My Dr. said to try Androgel 1.62% which he prescribed, gradually I started feeling better, now, 10 months after starting Androgel I no longer suffer the psychological problems which is a big, big help. This stuff cost so so much - for 2 bottles of 1.62% pump, it is 985$. The price is ridiculous!!
Okay so I have been on nexplanon for about three years and a few months ago got a new one. I decided to get it at a  young age i was still in high school and my personal symptoms were pretty sucky, at first I didn 't feel anything but then I started to feel bloated, moody, sick, gross and gained weight, I used to weigh 135 but since the three years i have gained 100.lbs and slowly still going. It really sucks because it made me feel insecure and my parent 's never asked to see the other side effects it was the bloating and acne that i knew of. A year later of being on nexplanon had made me feel weak and nauseous at times, heck i sometimes swore I was pregnant. The good thing about this is it prevents pregnancy and its not a pill. Thats it.
Though I read so many negative opinions about it, I decided to try taking Cymbalta. After two months I decided to stop taking it. First of all, my relationships got bad, I was careless, and numb. I also had a very strange feeling from time to time, like i was dreaming. Sometimes was anxious, and couldn 't sleep, and had very vivid and bad dreams, and panic attacks. It had immediate effect on my libido, which got so low, it almost disappeared.The main problem with the drug was, that i felt good, even tempered most of the time. This state always took my mind of the very bad side effects of the medicine, and i was so relieved from the pain, i set aside all the negative effects of it. It 's day 1 without it, and i feel dizzy and so tired, i..zzz
Great for the first year then irregularity started. I took after my sons birth. It started with some mid period started. Light spotting then light bleeding. Now it 's a heavy period every two weeks. I just stopped and will be switching at the start if my next period.
Caused a decrease in sex drive and harder to maintain an erection
I 'm not sure how to rate Levoxyl honestly.  I had thyroid cancer and a full thyroidectomy 2 years ago and I still have yet to feel like me again. I 'll be good for a few months then they weight goes back on, I 'm exhaused, brain fog, and anxiety. I 'm on 176mcg and 10mcg T3.  I still feel like crap and unable to lose weight. I used to do bikini competitions for bodybuilding so I know how to be motivated to eat clean and hit the gym. I 'm do all of this with zero results. I 'm beyond frustrated.
I have been taking prednisone for three days. I 'm hoping my allergy will clear up soon. I have not had a sense of smell for over six months. I will give an update if I have any changes in my allergy.
I have been taking Lutera for 7 months now. The first 3 months I hard horrible, painful bloating every time I ate anything. That has subsided, but I have gained a lot of weight, my hair and finger nails are growing rapidly, but are very brittle, my acne has gotten worse, my breasts are larger and more tender, and I get frequent headaches.I have been on several other birth control pills and they all gave me insane mood swings. I don 't seem to have that problem with this pill.
I switched onto this pill from orthotrycyclen lo. The reason I switched was because ortho was making my acne increase and started making my periods very very painful. Minastrin started off okay for me, If you despise having a period this is for you, This pill was fine until about 6 months in. It started to make me nauseas and moody and SO anxious. At first I was worried I was pregnant and ended up going crazy and taking about 10 tests. I 'm switching to another pill, but basically my biggest issue with this pill is the side effects I got at the 5/6 month point. I never had a period after the first pack which also added to my constant anxiety &amp; paranoia. It was brown the first period and then nothing.
I tried this drug but it made me very tired.  I was so tired and slept for like 3 days until I realized the drug was doing it.  So I can 't take it or I 'll sleep for 20 hours at a time.
I was taking  victoza for about 3 weeks and lost 15 lbs  was happy with it  no real side effects until I took a siezure (never had one before) none of the doctors could tell me if it was the victoza that caused the siezure so I 'm back on it since a week and I 'm feeling ok at .06 I will increase the dose slowly  I need to lose at least 50 lbs or more would be great . I 'm kinda scared but I 'll give it another try  ....... has anyone else had a siezure?
I have been taking Ambien for about a year now.  I have two sleep problems:  I have difficulty falling asleep and 2) when I do manage to fall asleep, I usually wake up about 2 hours later and can 't get back to sleep.I haven 't noticed Ambien having any effect at all on the first problem.  (It 's 7:40 am as I write this, and I haven 't been to bed yet.)  But it does help with the second.  When I finally do manage to get to sleep, I usually sleep for a good 7 or 8 hours.Different people respond to this medication in different ways.  Be very careful about taking it until you know how it affects you.
Tramadol 100mg as needed works very well for with my ghost pain that I experience in my left index finger and thumb that was amputated with a table saw. It does not help with my chronic intractable sciatica which I have to use stronger drugs for.  At the same time the stronger narcotics ( morphine ER 100mg and percocet 10/325mg ) don 't help with my ghost pain.
The first 3 days of taking this I was having hot flashes and felt nauseous from the taste of the pills. So I ate a lot of throat lozenges to try and get rid of the taste. I would wake up in the middle of the night because I could taste it still. I have one more day left to take the medicine. Sinus is gone which is fantastic. Doctor told me to take probiotics everyday or I could get a yeast infection. I took probiotics everyday and towards the end of taking these pills I had a little painful urinating and now I think I have a yeast infection.
Nuvaring is very convenient to use but after 3 years, I am finally getting off of it. I get major mood swings, anxiety, depression, leg cramps and not interested in sex. At first I did not think it was the Nuvaring causing this, but after reading reviews, I can relate to a lot of women! It was very convenient but I will be changing to another method.
This birth control did it 's job, that was the only good thing about it though. It gave me extreme nausea to the point where I didn 't even want to see or smell food. It gave me terrible migraines a few hours after I took it every single day. It made my mouth dry and I couldn 't self lubricate which was a bit annoying. I used to be very into sex, but once I was on it for a few weeks, my sex drive completely went away. My acne cleared up which was an extreme plus. I 'd get 1-3 zits whenever I had my period. My period was always regular before I went on it then once I took the pills, I always got my period at the end of the pill cycle. It was an okay birth control, but I probably just reacted badly with it.
I 've had nexplanon since July of 2016. I had it inserted a month after I had my baby. I think I bled for an additional month and that 's not including my post partum bleeding, so I was going to get it removed but my doctor prescribed me 800mg ibuprofin and I was instructed to take 1 three times a day for 5 days and it stopped my bleeding, then the same thing happened a few months later and I did the same thing. It 's convenient but my mood swings are a horrendous!  I feel bad for my loved ones seriously.. I 'm constantly walking around with a brick on my shoulder !!!
I started Savella May 25th with the titration pack. Side effects not bad. When I got to 100mgs my pulse and blood pressure shot up. I felt odd. I had been trying not to take any other pain medicines including Advil or Tylenol to gauge its effectiveness. I talked with my doctor and started the titration again. It has definitely decreased my pain and I got rid of my fibromyalgia fog, which has been great, but I seem to be unable to tolerate the 100mg dose as my BP and Pulse are elevated again. I am very disappointed. I will keep trying.
This drug seems to have helped. I 've just gone up to 225mg. Profuse sweating and the rapid withdrawal are the worst.
It caused tummy aches for my 6 year old
My review is like everyone else 's. I 've had bad acne for years, this worked really well in clearing it up. I 've been on it for a little more than a year. For the first ~7 months it was fine but it 's becoming less and less effective. My acne is getting bad again and I 'm very consistent at taking my medication. Although once or twice I wasn 't able to pick up my prescription on time and each time I broke out so badly. So I know once I stop it 'll all come back. I haven 't had any noticeable negative side effects but I don 't like that I was/have been on such a powerful antibiotic for so long. I would give it a try if recommended, by your physician it may work better in the long run for others.
Been on fluoxetine for 7 weeks now, I got my script from my GP. I told him I wanted to start with 10mgs in the morning and 10 at night. That didn 't work out because it affected the last 4 hrs of sleep. So I just started taking the 20mgs in the morning. At first I would feel jittery for a few hours. Into my 8th week I 'm good. Unfortunately, I made the mistake of reading about the side effect a little too thoroughly, by that I mean I read the pharmacology part for health care professionals. There I stumbled on a possible side effect that really bothers me. Alopecia! I 'm a man in my early 50s, has anyone heard anything about losing hair on Prozac?
I 've been on it for 5 months now...during the 3rd month, I started bleeding (at first I thought it was spotting, but it lasts for like 2 weeks). No acne, no itchiness, some slight mood swings but I 've gained weight and my sex drive is gooone.I was on beyaz before but switched because my new insurance company didn 't cover beyaz. It 's nice not having to remember  to take a pill, but I 'm calling my Doctor to recommend something else.
Am a senior citizen.  Took Singulair for 2 years.  In that time I have suffered from persistant anxiety (felt like I was going to explode), something I never had before, and was also having weird dreams.  I was sent to a psychiatrist, was told I was depressed and given anti-depressants.  But I knew it was something chemical.  Finally searched for &quot;Singulair + anxiety&quot; and found many other people had had problems.  Within 3 days of discontinuing the medication I felt pretty much &quot;normal&quot;.  I would rather have the runny nose/sneezing than that terrible anxiety!
this medication was prescribed to me after contracting a severe bacterial infection after scratching my eyeball. I was prescribed an eye drop by the first gp, but after my eye worsened I went to the hospital where the doctor prescribed me clindamycin, I found that it helped with the infection almost immediately. Although in saying that im on my 3rd day in and the side effects are terrible. I have a constant head ache, my throat is sore, I feel feverish, get chills and just generally feel weak and sore. I haven 't yet tried a probiotic but i 'm going to start tomorrow. Drink it with plenty of water! I haven 't had any heartburn yet and I hope not to.
Started taking this and made me feel sick to my stomach as well as feel not with it very tired and had headaches.   The worst part is the last pill before bed time I had to set an alarm and eat crackers then take pill.  Then in the morning  I didnt want to get up and felt very worn.  I still have 4 more days and hope I make it.  Will have to recheck with my results on how I did.  Oh and also the cost of therse even with insurance  was $250.00 all i can say is they better work.
After 2 days on the Cipro, my cough is a lot better and will return to work today.
So, I 've been on depo for two years now. And I 'll say, it has been the worst! I 've gained 12 lbs. I have constant headaches and backaches. I 'm very moody. I spot one month after getting the shot up until I get the next shot, then it repeats. I have bad cramps, and lots of hot flashes. I 'm getting off the shot next month because this just isn 't the BC for me.
Well I 've been on buproprion for five days now, and it really seems to be helping. All last week my anxiety was constant, I was depressed and crying all the time and on top of all of this I decided to quit smoking cold turkey Thursday of last week, mind you that my anxiety was so bad that I was smoking a pack and a half a day, so I was an emotional wreck. So my doctor put me on this med 150mg for two days and 300 there after ,I take one in the morning and another 8hrs later and so far I 'm feeling better, I 'm not all the way my self but thank God I have some relief. My doctor did say that it will take about six weeks to feel the total effects. And I haven 't had any side effects that I 've noticed, it does suppress your appetite.
Nexplanon would be awesome if I didn 't have constant spotting. 2 weeks after I had it inserted, I began to bleed. Less than my normal period, but enough to wear a light pad. After that first week I spotted, and have continued to spot for the past TWO months.The insertion was super easy - the numbing shot is the hardest part, but you just feel a little pinch. I haven 't gained any weight, in fact I lost 10 pounds, but I attribute that to a change in my exercise/food intake routine. The best part is I don 't have to worry about getting pregnant when I have sex, and that 's the main reason I 'm sticking with it, despite the inconvenient bleeding. It will be 3 months next week since I had it inserted, so I hope the spotting stops soon :(
Does the job. Have been on it for just over a month. Some side effects, but nothing too crazy. Dealt with mood swings and nausea the first week or so, but went away. Sex drive remains high (lol its important)Only serious drawback is that I am craving food literally EVERY SINGLE minute. Went from 117lb to 135 in just 4 weeks..... wtfOh. And my skin has gotten worse... I started geting acne around my forehead and upper-lip. Hopefully I the appetite and acne problem goes away as I get more used to the hormones.
I started taking this medicine two days ago.  I 've been nauseous starting yesterday, and started being fatigued starting today.  I don 't have many choices for antibiotics, and this one works.
When my doctor prescribed me epiduo, he had me taking it with doxycycline hyclate. Now, I don 't know which one is working. But I do know that epiduo is giving me near CONSTANT sunburn. The doctor said to put on sunscreen right before I go outside at all, and again every hour I am outside. Who is going to be able to take sunscreen with them all the time? I 'm in cross country at my high school, and I can 't just stop in the middle of practice to put on sunscreen! But, it did help my acne a lot. It 's still there, but not nearly as bad as it was before.
I 'm 32 and just had Mirena placed 3 days ago.  I didn 't take any painkillers prior to the insertion and have not had any children.  While it was slightly uncomfortable and I did feel some cramping during the insertion I have not had any discomfort since.  I 've had very light bleeding and expect it to continue for a while.  For now I 'm giving it a 5, hopefully my rating will increase as the days and months go by.  I am on multiple medicines that can cause very serious birth defects so getting pregnant is not an option for me.  Some of these medicines cause stomach upset and the pill has always made me slightly queasy so something that works just as well as the pill and hasn 't given me any side effects yet is a blessing.  
I had the nexplanon inserted the first week of April. I didn 't have a period for two months, then end of June I started and had a light, constant period through August. Then it stopped for a short amount of time, then Started September 20th through October 15th. I started noticing hair loss probably mid June/July. Clumps of my hair were coming out. I also experienced extreme mood swings. The littlest thing would irritate me. I just had the implant removed today, and I recommend that nobody gets it. I am trying the nuvaring out this time, I hope I have better luck. I was on the pill for years but I forget to take it sometimes due to my busy schedule.
Had my period May 6, had sex and the condom broke on May 20, took plan b within 8 hours. All my friends, sisters, cousins have taken plan b once in their life and it has always worked so of course I felt relieved.Apparently what no one tells you is that if you are already ovulating, plan b is not effective.Missed my period by a week and decided to go to the doctors to have a blood test done to confirm if I was pregnant. Just found out the news today-- I AM PREGNANT.
I 've been on contrave two and a half weeks. I never had the urge to want to work out before but since I 've started contrave I feel like working out all the time. The only side effect I have is diarrhea after eating. I haven 't changed my diet and still easy when I 'm hungry but I don 't crave all the foods I use to. I crave sweet stuff but not sugary stuff like candy. Typically fruits cure this craving. I have not lost any weight at all, but I want to say that I have lost 2 inches off my waist line. This is probably from going to the gym and gaining muscle.  I go on the 17th for my 1 month check up and can 't wait to see what the doctor says. My nurse has been on it for 3 months and lost 40 pounds so I 'm hoping to have some good results too.
So I got the Mirena put in in January. And so far I get headaches everyday, I feel nauseous about half the day. Basically I feel pregnant the whole time. But the Mirena is working birth control wise. Worry free sex with my husband makes up for all of the symptoms.
The side effects of this medication were unbearable to the point where I thought I wasn 't going to be able to finish the whole 10 day course. It left a disgusting metal taste in my mouth for HOURS. Strong nausea started on day 2 or so, but subsided  around day 5. It can be best described almost like morning sickness a pregnant woman would have. On day 7 it actually gave me acid reflux, which was worrying since I thought the medication wasn 't working. I stuck with it and made it to the tenth day, words can 't describe the happiness I felt throwing the pill bottle away. As horrible as it was, got retested and H. Pylori is officially gone!
I took two pills, as directed, in the afternoon and by the evening I had cramping. Nothing MAJOR, but enough to keep me uncomfortable. I kept feeling like I had to go to the bathroom, but couldn 't. Around 8:30 pm I finally found relief with a BM. Unfortunately, it didn 't end there. I have severe runs and have gone to the bathroom several more times. It feels like my stomach acid is burning my anus. I mean, it DID the job, but at what cost? My bottom is burnt. I recommend this as your absolute last resort.
I was put on Seroquel 300mg it worked great but after a few months started having severe constipation and bloating around the time I took it. Now on on another medicine to see if this resolves. Pray it does.
I 've been on this pill for exactly one year, and only up until this month have I got problems. Throughout the duration, I got more moody and felt more depressed the week before and 2 days into my period,  I get excess yeast exactly one week after my period on the first week of my pill, and lately I 've been experiencing nausea, its manageable just very irritating. My doctor suggested I switch to &quot;Lolo&quot; but besides that, this pill was very easy and the side effects didn 't last long. They just gave me bad cramps instead of reducing it.
I have experienced most of the side effects and considering I had anorexia nervosa when I was young and still forget to eat for up to 10 days or more. I don 't know if I should be taking this??? My doctor knew this but still prescribed it...WHY?!?
45 year old woman, 138lbs 5 '7&quot;.Started at 25mg and titrated slowly. Noticed within a week my stress responses improved. Continued to increase as no change to organisation, memory or attention. Felt ok even at 100mg. Then since I started 120mg, I feel quite unwell. I don 't think I 'm unable to sustain this dose as side effects are strong: nausea after 1hr of ingestion, tiredness, feeling as though I 've had too much strong coffee. The S/E definitely more pronounced if I 'm not doing anything so I try and stay active and never take this on an empty stomach! I 'll give it 2 more weeks at 120mg (which will be 6 weeks total) then gently titrate down. It gives me palpitations, too, which make me unhappy. I get this free on NHS in UK.
I have had the Implanon since August 2013 and had it removed yesterday at my GP.I have put on a ridiculous amount of weight use to be a size 6 since having it inserted I am now a 12.I couldnt cope with the irregular periods and they would last for two weeks.And then the Pre Menstrual Symptoms I would have them for about three weeks before my period which was horrible.I would cry all the time or be extremely moodyGlad I have had it taken out
I took Benicar for 12 years or more and went through the leg cramps etc. but it worked well on my BP. I would get kidney infections occasionally but didn 't know why. One day a few years ago I came down with painful gout. My new doctor took me off Benicar right away. She said it contributed to my gout flare ups because it affected my kidneys. I was so angry because I didn 't know and hadn 't read up on it. Have your kidneys check regularly while taking this med. Now through diet and another BP med I do well with the Gout, however I wish I hadn 't taken Benicar so long and had it affect my kidneys.  Be careful!
Keeps the crazies at bay (mostly) - the delusions, etc.
Took it over three days, caused headaches but I continue to take it as I need it. If it does not get better, I may get another antibiotic.
Extreme headaches, stomach issues.  Bathroom issues also
I dose injection yesterday.  Severe pain last night and today.  Nausea and chills
After being diagnosed with anxiety and depression Prozac is the first antidepressant I was prescribed. It took a while to kick in my body and then I had to even up the dose after a month or so. After faithfully taking it everyday I noticed I started to stutter a lot. I 've never in my life had a speech problem. It got so bad that I had to stop taking it although it did make me feel better every day. Hoping to try something else!
It definitely helps with &quot;urgency&quot; - I can now hang on for a while (up to an hour), whereas before I had to go immediately. My main concern with it is a feeling of vagueness and slight difficulty focusing mentally, starting around an hour after I take it and lasting 2-3 hours. It seems to be increasing. I am concerned enough about this that I am considering stopping Ditropan. Another side effect is a dry mouth. I need to have frequent sips of water, and the dryness wakes me up 2-3 times a night.
I was on viibryd for just about a year the first 8 months were wonderful with issues of exhaustion here and there. Then the last few months I was on it my anxiety became so unmanageable after stopping viibryd I had little withdrawals thank the good lord because I have missed a dose of viibryd before and the nightmares are god awful. I 'm really hoping to find a happy medium with medication its been an on going battle of finding something that works for almost 5 years now.
Started it yesterday. I think it helps but I just realized it is the reason I 'm warm.  Feels just like a low-grade fever.  I also take something for ADD, which is a stimulant.  I think the combination of the two is what is causing the rise in body temp.
Quick tips:Count calories when you first start taking this drug in order to make sure you are consuming enough food, about 1200+ cals for women and 1800+ cals for men unless you are advised to consume more or less by a professional. Also, be sure that you 're mentally stable before you take this drug because it can trigger eating disorders. Be careful when taking Vyvanse, remember it is NOT a weight loss method, it is a cure for binge eating.
Started at 150 mg, took half a day and felt like a new person - it changed my life.  Quickly found I need to take the full tablet to get the same effect.  Three months ago doctor increased to 250 mg, take full tablet but the effect only lasts 3-4 hours.  Your body becomes immune and needs more and more.  And now I &quot;crash&quot; early afternoon and become very  depressed.  Took appetite away, lost 20 lbs in little over a year.
I take 50 mgs of Tramadol for moderate pain, as needed. I took 1 pill at 1pm, and not felt the need to follow up yet @8:20 pm. I just had a procedure done for a prostate issue I have had for about 12 years. I am 71 years old. This aggravating condition did not quality for a relatively new procedure called the &quot;UroLift System.&quot; The discomfort has not improved too much with medications like Finasteride, and Tamsulosin. The profile of my condition called for the Greenlight Laser Therapy.
I had been to hospital with some pretty bad pneumonia. They were in the process of discharging me when the nurse gave me the shot. Let me be clear I have NEVER EVER felt such a painful shot in my life. Holy cow it felt like I had broken my arm and I couldn&rsquo;t move it for at least 30 minutes after. Nurse said to rub it out and luckily it didn&rsquo;t hurt too bad the next day.
For the last four years I have been taking Spiriva before bed. Recently I switched to morning. What a difference! My daytime breathing has really improved. 
Dry mouth, headache,  unusual taste in my mouth. Dryness in throat, nausea.  Persistent urinary tract infections in addition to one occurrence of probable pyelonephritis following cathterization during total knee replacement in May 2015.  No problems during initial hospitalization.  UTI 's began immediately following 7 weeks in rehab and were not treated properly.
This was great while I was breastfeeding for about 5 months , didn 't bleed at all. Only was a little moody... now I have stopped nursing and I haven 't stopped bleeding since. :/ I don 't know what to do at this point. I 'm also getting bad cramps and horrible back pain. It 's been about 2 1/2 weeks now. Plus I 'm loosing hair like crazy
I 've had the implanon inserted for about 6 months now and I have experienced horrible anxiety , weight gain and a weak bladder My period sometimes comes twice a monthGetting it removed ASAP
Horrible side effects.
I was diagnosed with bipolar disorder when I was 17 I 'm  now 19. I was on Seroquel for about six months and it did improve my episodes to be a lot less frequent. It was a God send in that area, but the side effects were horrible. I gained about 55lbs in five months. I went from a size 4 to a size 12 in a very short amount of time, I became very depressed, I spoke with my doctor and stopped taking it, and I%u2019m doing fine. I have not had any episodes since June 2009 and the weight is coming off very easy. I just exercise three times a week. Overall I rate this medication with a 6 just because of the side effects.
It does get the job done but horribly I 'm writing this review on the toilet right now in between what I call a grace period.  The cramps are pretty bad. My solid bm is now liquid and it 's coming in waves, it has basically given me diarrhea, it 's 2:36am and I took the medicine around 9pm. I really wish I read the reviews before take the two pills. Don 't take unless you wanna blow up your toilet.
I woke up Day 1 with a Tighten lip, I reached for the Abreva, I put it on 5x a day the first day. I woke up the cold sore was twice it size my lip was so swollen, Day 2 I started using 200mg of acyclovir it seemed to help a little bit not much. After speaking back with my doctor he decided to give me Valtrex 2000mg 2x a day for 1 day. After my first dose I notice my lip wasn 't as swollen, I take my second dose tonight at 11. I will keep you guys updated on how I 'm doing! I hope it works as good as everyone says!
I 've been on this drug for a manic episode.  I was given 15 mg. which did wipe out the mania.  Now I 'm on the other side, the depressed side.  I asked for prozac but the doctors insisted that a low dose of olanzapine would stabilize the depression.  My depression is reactive:  i sold my house and moved to another state to be closer to my job.  I have hardly any friends here as I 'm starting over.  It remains to be seen if this low dose at 2.5 mg. will help with the depression.
I had my IUD inserted at the family clinic. It was the worst pain I 've ever felt,  I almost threw up. When the Dr measures your cervix, thats the worst sharp cramps.  My Dr cut the strings inside of me and lost 1 of the cut strings.  Its been 3 days and I 'm still in a lot of pain.  It feels like sharp, stabbing cramps. I hope this goes away soon,  or I will have it removed.
The burning from the medicine was worse than the actual yeast infection! I laid down almost almost immediately and my baby sister kept asking me what was wrong with such concern. This is my first YI, I 'm eighteen, and I have to say this is one of the worst experiences of my life. I 've only done one night and I never wanna do it again, but I 'm gonna tough it out though
Just starting usage. Wondering about side effects and whether it will affect my erections
I was Diagnosed with Vertigo and was prescribed Meclizine 25 mg to take 3 times a day.  I am not dizzy as before and feel much better.  I did not have bad side effects, only dry mouth and tired. However, I did not drive a vehicle while taking the drug nor did I use machinery.  I cannot tell you how that would work in conjunction with the drug.
Got skyla inserted about a month ago a few days after my last period. The insertion was uncomfortable but not bad at all. Had severe cramps the first week after insertion but it was managed by ibuprofen. I 've been spotting since inserted but had one week without. Started my period last week and it 's just been light, almost like spotting (very very annoying). I usually have a 5/6 day period but I 'm now going into day 8. Hoping the spotting stops soon so I can stop wearing pads. Good luck to all who try this!
It took over 5 years before I was able to find out what I had in my legs, and behold it was Restless Legs Syndrome. They gave me Requip and it was great for about a month or so, no pain when I sat down which was when I always felt the pain. But like some other users I would wake up and dry vomit or vomit depends how long it was since my last meal. It was not worth the morning sessions so I stopped taking it. I hope this works for other people but I am waiting for a better option. I would like to point out also my legs didn 't hurt after I threw up but it just was not worth it.
I hadn 't had a proper BM for about 2 weeks. I Picked up Dulcolax sensitive and took 2 pills at 10pm, at 2.38am the cramps started. It started with the worst cramps I 've ever experienced together with intense nausea and vomiting, cold sweats (to the point my fingers and lips were blue) and terrible shakes. By around 4am I had my first BM which was significant and I then spent until 1.30pm continuously on the toilet simultaneously vomiting and having diarrhoea. It 's now 4.30pm I can 't even take a sip of water without vomiting, I 'm still having painful cramps and I feel extremely weak. I would never recommend this medication to anyone, no matter how  'effective ' it is.
So far its slowly working for my ear infection. The pain has lessened but still have  mild pain. I 'm on my 4th day. Hopefully in 6 days the ear will be completely healed. There are some minor side effects I have noticed. Particularly some joint pain but it is not bad and mild. Maybe a little nausea in my stomach too, but very mild. I 'm just happy my pain has lessened in the ears.I took the augmetin generic for Amoxicillin/clauvantic acid 875mg twice daily for 10 days.
In 2001 I was 500lbs and had gastric bypassI have been up and down over the years...low 298lb high 380lb.I just did 6 weeks on Contrave where I lost 11lbs but needed to lose 17lbs for insurance to continue.I weighed in at 341lb today. Nervous about side effects but after reading many comments here am optimistic. Due to insurance my doc skipped the 2 week trial dosage and we shall see how this goes.Because of family illness we hid in and out of network deductibles in 2017 so my first 2 months should be 100% covered. I won 't know cost until Jan 2018
Used Nexium for over 14 years. You need to stop taking this medication or any acid reducer medication 3 days before use of any antibiotics. IF you do not then you can get a infection that is quit dangerous called Clostridia Difficile or C. Diff which gives you diarrhea and paralyzed colon! The bacteria eats away at the lining of the Large Intestine until you bleed out, have diarrhea, and colon cancer and/or polyps! Use only for 3 days and stay off until you start having symptoms again; then use it again for 3 days, (72 hours) as that is how long your colon needs to regenerate! STOP! Then repeat! If you have trouble sleeping use Benadryl intermittently!
A couple years ago I took Lutera for a year and didn 't have too many problems. I stopped taking it, then re-started 6 months ago.This time was bad. My mood was off - little things would make me super aggravated or want to cry, while &quot;better&quot; days made me extremely happy and hyper. Also had on-off dryness down there - pretty uncomfortable, esp. sex-wise.WORST part was the 2-week periods I got on this pill. For five months straight, I had my period for 1/2 the month, with cramps, lower back pain, irritability, and heavy bleeding. The gyno kept saying it was my body adjusting, but after the 5th month of this, I 'm taking a break for birth control for a month and then switching to another pill.
I have been on most of the SSRI over the past 16 years and before that on the old style anti-depressants which were the worst.  I changed to Brintellix after 7 years on Lexapro and at first I felt fantastic. I did have some initial nausea and headache which dissipated over the first few weeks. I started on 10mg and have been on this dose for the last 5 weeks. The initial success has been overshadowed by sleep disturbance with vivid dreams and some nightmares, plus increasing agitation and low level feeling of anger. My concentration is affected by these background feelings as I feel agitated most of the time now.  Think this means it isn 't going to work for me, and yes another failed med!
I had the Nexplanon put in 5 weeks after my son was born and well as far &quot;birth control&quot; it was great. Now the side effects was awful my arm would randomly hurt I gained a ton of weight and my periods where way out of whack. its a 50/50 thing for me the side effect where not worth it.
I love love love Adipex! It took me about a week to get used to all the side effects but when you realize how much weight you are losing the side effects aren 't even in your mind anymore, I started taking Adipex Jan 24th 2014. Weighing 210 pounds. Today is now Feb 19th not even a month later and I now weigh 185. That is 25 pounds down in just one month.  I work out (run a mile, ellipitical, 20 min abs) 5 to 6 days a week and I only eat 1000 to 1300 calories a day! This pill is amazing and everyone needs to try it, that is wanting to lose weight.
I been taking Vyvanse a little over 2 yrs. This is the only medicine I have taken for ADHD. As of this posting I have been off it 3 days. The first 18 months I thought Vyvanse was the best thing sense sliced bread. The last 6  mths have been an emotional roller coaster of side effects. I have spent hours on the floor crying, my social life is none, I didn 't talk to anyone but the people at work that I couldn 't avoid, my husband wants a divorce and nothing made me happy, I was sad and depressed all the time. Please be careful taking this medicine. I don 't think it was meant for long term use or maybe it just affects different people in different ways. After 3 days in bed I 'm finally getting back to normal.
I got the implant on March 3. I had finished my regular period, and have had very light spotting since then. It 's light enough I still have sex with it, but it 's annoying. At first, I was really dark and black, but now it is fresh blood. It is hard to tell if it is my period or just blood from having sex though. Hopefully it lightens up soon, my doctor said all side effects should go away by the 3 month mark. Other than the spotting, though, I haven 't had any side effects other than the bleeding, so I hope I 'm one of the lucky ones.
I have been on it for about a month now, keep getting hit with random Nausea, vomiting and of course the  'other ' problem.  It is NOT constant, but I never know when it will hit.  My sugars have been great and I have lost some weight; I just hope that the side effects do end soon.  I was on Byetta and then Victoza, could not bear the increase on Victoza.  Keeping fingers crossed that this will work in the long term.
After having a baby my anxiety increased dramatically. Anxiety attacks all the time. Didn 't want to be around people and was super paranoid about flu season and the baby. Terrible moods and could go from ok to angry in minutes. I would have panic attacks if I had to leave the baby and was extra particular about cleaning and routine, to the point of ridiculousness. I have been on 25mg of Zoloft for 1 month and I can finally relax! My mood has improved greatly. I 've been able to go to work, socialize,and grocery shop. Zoloft has not helped with sleep. Even on 0.5mg of clonazepam at night, it still takes me hours to fall asleep. Having vivid dreams/nightmares and restless sleep. Hope those stop because I feel like myself again taking the Zoloft.
I 've been using Ziana for about a year now, it seems to do a good job preventing and treating new acne vulgaris, but does nothing to prevent or eliminate the white heads.  I actually haven 't used it in the past week, and have seen no change in my skin.  I also wash my face with a salicylic acid/glycolic acid face wash that my dermatologist sells.
I have have had mild/persistent acne for about 6 years now (I 'm 22) and have tried several treatments. The most effective was doryx which I was on for nearly 6 months, it cleared my skin up completely. However, that clear skin only lasted  few months, and by the end of the treatment my acne was flaring up again. That is when my dermatologist prescribed me accutane. I was assured there would be no new flare ups because my acne was mild. However, I am on day 12 now and I can say my skin was clearer when I started accutane than it is now. On top of that I am experiencing very dry skin and chapped/cracked lips. I am going to stick the full treatment out, but just a warning that more likely than not you will break out before it gets better.
Been on this birth control over a year now and I gained so much weight. Thinking about changing it up. The periods are normal. It 's always 4-5 days regular. I thought I was the only one gaining weight from this birth control.
Recurring infection and two courses of different medications prior to macro bid.  It started working in 24hrs but did have headache and visual episode, plus dizzy spell over course of five days.  Relief of the infection outweighs side effects.
I 'm on my 10th week of the drug, and it usually takes 12-16 week to see the full effects.I apply it at nighttime, and sometimes apply a layer of moisturizer 15-30 minutes afterwards. It dried me out SO much in my first month and a half of use that I had to start skipping nights and use three layers of moisturizer. My skin burned when I would put on my lotion because it was THAT dry. I now use it everyday and still have 2-4 active breakouts at any given time. I also get A LOT of small whiteheads (those may be from shaving my face though) and I extract them myself, which probably isn 't a good idea. My skin is definitely better on the medication than off, I just hope the results are better in 2-4 additional weeks of use.
The medication worked for a few days. but this problem comes from a long time ago surgery like 30 years ago. Now I have a fallen arch and very bad pain. The medicine works great but I think something else needs to go with this. thanks
This was a re-occurance of my PMR.  My Family Practice doctor did an ESR which was elevated.  He put me on Prednisone 40mg q d in Nov. He said he 'd check my last bone density--if he did he failed to mention it to me.  I FELT BETTER!  --had tons of energy and appetite.  went on to gain 30 lbs. Within a month I developed L knee pain;  then R sciatic pain; then R groin (L3-4) pain; then L sciatic pain and inability to ambulate because of the pain, muscle weakness and gen 'l disability .  The Prednisone was gradually decreased/increased per results of the ESRs.  I demanded an MRI, this showed an Insuffuciency Fracture of my Sacrum.  This meant 12  weeks of pain, bed rest, visiting nurses,PT/OT, etc. Now, I 'm starting Fosamax
I 've been using this drug for almost eight years and have absolutely no complaints except every year no matter what I do I put on a lot of weight. 
I used to use this for years.  But recently I have been constipated due to my medications.  I bought a bottle and when I used it (according to instructions 2 tbsp for an adult) it made me very ill.  I was nauseated and I was vomiting.  I thought it was just a bad bottle, so I went and bought another one and the same thing happened when I used it.  I don 't know if they changed something with the ingredients but this is the first time this stuff made me sick.
Increased anxiety and insomnia, did not control my SPS.
Nexplanon hasn 't been the worst. I have no worries about getting pregnant, it 's easy and it 's comfortable. That 's the best part-IT WORKS! But there 's pros and cons to everything. I 've been on this for 9 months. I get a period every month, usually lasting for 2 weeks and the cramps are bad. I 've definitely noticed my skin worsen, I also agree with other reviews about the mood swings. Nothing too crazy, but noticeable. My sex drive is sometimes effected, but no weight gain. I 'm going to give it a year to get it together, but I 'm looking forward to having it removed.
Tried this for the first time last night and the results were amazing. I have tried Viagra and have not had the results like I did taking Levitra. I have had issues with not being able to get an erection and when I do it didn 't last long enough to satisfy my wife. Long story short our sex life was almost nil. I went to Dr, he told me to try Viagra, it worked first couple of times but it gave me bad case of heartburn so he suggested Levitra and all I can say is wow, my wife said its the best sex we have had in years so think this may be the answer to our problems and having GOOD sex. Hope this helps someone as it sure is good for me. Oh did I mention I am over 60 and have a new outlook on life.
I was prescribed birth control about 6 years ago due to complications from ovarian cysts. The very first one I tried was lo-estrin 24 which made me incredibly nauseas. I then tried a couple other ones but they all made me nauseous as well. Finally I was prescribed ocella. I felt pretty good on it. Didn 't notice any weight changes. My skin looked AMAZING. I would just get bad migraines/nauseas/sick a day or two before my period and some days randomly during the month.It wasn 't until I STOPPED taking ocella (or any birth control...long story/not sexually active at the moment) about 6 months ago that made me realize how much better I feel off of it. I feel like a new person. My mood is 10x better. Sex drive is back. Only down side- my skin
This drug is awful! Gives me bloating and not a very good laxative. I took 1 pill unlike the other reviews, I didn 't get terrible diarrhea. But it woke me in the night every time I took it (maybe I took it 4 times) with terrible pain like my stomach was burning and ON FIRE. So sick sick sick and not sure whether I would throw up or what was going to happen. Sweating, shaking... the stabbing pain in my belly was so bad.  Anyways I am going to throw the rest of the package out to avoid taking it again. One time I was so super constipated I took 3 pills and less than an hour later I got gas and diarrhea, but no abdominal pain. Then I kept waking up in the night and rushing to the bathroom I almost pooped the bed!
It did do okay for my seizures but I ended up with so many of the side effects it was unbelievable. They had to take me off I still have seizures to this day because they haven 't found the right medicines. I have had a VNS inplant though but still having seizures.
I tried Cymbalta unsuccessfully (intolerable side effects) before one of my doctors had me try Pristiq. Side effects are not too bad. This may be helping with my Fibromyalgia pains.
What started out as a simple back strain/sprain at 19 yrs old has, over the years, evolved into an all encompassing condition leaving me with Multiple Sclerosis, handicapped and needing a walker for any mobility. Through the years I have been on NSAIDs which have proven time and again to be so helpful in relieving pain to where I was taking 3200 mg of ibuprofen/day. Finally given Relafen, which has saved my stomach from all the pain medicines and ibuprofen. Have never had a problem with Relafen (nabumetone) over the 7 yrs I 've been on them, and they continue to be instrumental in relief from daily pains due to MS. A great product!
I would always be in class with wet armpits.  I would be doing nothing but sitting and my shirt and armpits would be soaked.  I never understood why.  When I first got Hypercare, it worked great!  I didn 't need to reapply because it was working.  Now my sweat is starting to come back and after re applying, it no longer works.  I do not know why but I really wish it would work again.
I have been off of birth control for 2 years. Started back on Tri-Sprintec. I have not stopped having nausea. Feel very sad as well. I got in the middle of the pack, break-through bleeding, which has turned into a period from hell. Cramping is so bad. No weight gain yet, too sick to eat! This is my first month though. Good Luck.
So, I 've been on it 4 days?  I 'm starving.  Because I 'm on a 1,000 cal diet with it.  The suppressed appetite hasn 't kicked in yet.  I 'd say I 've probably lost some water weight - mostly because I 'm drinking so much water to keep from starving.  I went through CMWL at the recommendation of another doctor, and because I 've gained about 50 lbs in the last year - some of them were that boyfriend belly &amp; then I got that break-up belly.  Now I 'm 33, 5 '5, 263 lbs (!!!), and I just have to make a change.  I 've finally reached the point where I don 't want to be like this forever.  I was always around 200... and okay with that.  But I can 't anymore.  I don 't even want to look in the mirror.  So I 'm ready to get over the side effects.
Experienced dizziness and headaches, lumps and pain first day after injection. Week has passed and symptoms are still present.
I have taken Zoloft for a while but I was packing on the pounds and noticed I was getting kind of irritable when I 'm normally very laid back. Doc gave me 2 sample packs of Viibryd to try. 10mg I had some stomach upset (mostly diarrhea) and an INTENSE craving for sweets/carbs. These went away eventually. Then up to the 20mg. I found that I had zero appetite and literally had to force myself to eat. Normally I 'd be happy about this but my mood became so dark (weeping/angry). I got to the point where I couldn 't handle it anymore and had to stop. Hopefully it works better for you all! Good luck! :)
So, I started this because I 'm terrible with rememebering to take the pill daily. I absolutely LOVED the fact that I only had to go in every 3 months to get it done. The shot was very minor, with little to no pain. For the first three months it was heavenly, I had no side effects, and no period what so ever. But the road after that was hell. I gained a total of 40 pounds (in 6 months) due to the fact that I was hungry all the time. I was very moody and depressed also. Not only that, but I basically lost all my sex drive, and the majority of the time on the shot I spotted, and when I wasn 't spotting, I was on my period. 
I have been on this since September and I have a scar on my arm where it was inserted, which they said I wouldn 't get. Since then, I have had a HEAVY period EVERY SINGLE DAY except TWO DAYS. This constant period has been going on for over 5 months now, almost 6. I have gone from 120lbs to 160lbs, get terrible acne, and deal with even more debilitating depression and anxiety.   However, this is just MY experience, and more people with bad experiences will share on here than people with good experiences. It would not exist if there were more bad than good experiences. Although, without this birth control, I would be getting my periods just as often and heaver, so might as well take what I can get and not be pregnant yet.
I used Topamax for less than a year. I loved it for the first 7 months because it got rid of my headaches and reduced my appetite.  Then I began to notice side-effects that made me anxious to get off of it.  My fingernails became really thin, I was depressed and my hair was really was falling. I was taking 600 mg of Topamax which sounds like more than a lot of people but I found out online that many other people experienced the same symptoms on lower doses. I had to ween myself off Topamax and am starting Elavil. 
I have been on Vicodin for over 2 years. At my worst, I was taking 15-25 a day. I was in a horrible car crash 5 years ago and suffer from chronic pain. This week, I had enough.  I said, no more and I decided to get help. I haven 't taken any Vicodin in 2 days now and I was having bad withdrawals. I went to the doctor today and he gave me Suboxone. I am very excited to use this and get my life back. Now the only problem is that I still have the back pain, which I need to finally take care of. Reading all your comments and success stories gives me hope. I thank you all very much.. God bless
My husband and I use the pull out method, however this particular time he came inside of me sooner than I was expecting and I didn 't have a chance to tell him not to. During this time I was fertile and was due to ovulate in 4 days I was freaking out got up as soon as possible and took the plan B pill for the first time 3 hours later. I 'm unsure how my body will react to the pill but really hoping I 'm not pregnant. I have a set of twins girl/boy they are almost 2.
Been on it a couple weeks, less depression but felt exhausted.
I 've used monistat twice before. I 've used both the 3 day and 7 day they both burned quite a bit  but monistat 1 was by far the worst and most painful one I 've dealt with. It felt like my vagina was being burned with a blow torch and this lasted for about half an hour , I would not recommend this to anyone , save yourself the time , effort , the money and the pain !! And just go to the doctor for the pill ,So much easier
The taste is awful. I  mixed the first bottle with water as directed. I held my nose and chugged down 1/3 of the poop juice at a time, finishing in 7 minutes, a swig of chicken broth between chugs rid the taste. I 'm a 70 yr. young man. I almost vomited - fighting thru dry heaves from the first bottle. The water chaser helped keep it down. My bowels started evacuating in 10 minutes. The warm liquid exiting my butt contained a few solid stools but mostly liquid.  I didn 't do the 2nd dose. Turns out I didn 't need to. No problem with colonoscopy. Warning...I went to lay down but had to jump up to the bathroom when more liquid escaped my butt wetting my underwear. Good idea to put a towel down on ur bed!
I had Skyla removed a week ago after having it for about 5 months, and I 'm very happy I did. After being on it for 5 months, I was still experiencing irregular bleeding (probably 20 days out of the month) and pain during and after sex. More importantly, I had noticed changes in my mood (more anxious and overall down). Once I had it removed I started feeling normal again and have been feeling great since. I got a normal period the day after having it removed that lasted 5 days and haven 't bled at all since. I know that I have always been very sensitive to hormones so Skyla might be fine for some people but I definitely noticed a difference in myself despite the fact that it is a very low dose of hormones.
I think the Viibryd is helping as I switched from 20 mg Lexapro to 10 mg Vibryd. The only thing I 'm experiencing is brain zaps, or dizziness, don 't really know how to put it. Only been on it for 9 days, hope it works been on so many with side effect of zero sexual function. 
Works well if you can tolerate the annoying cough that is a common side effect of this medication!
I 've been on this birth control for almost 2 years and now it 's really starting to affect me. The last few months I 've had appetite issues ranging for near-binge eating to complete loss of appetite. The last month I 've had extreme anxiety, chest pain, headaches, nervousness, shaking...the works. I 've not experience any vomiting, but nausea accompanies the loss of appetite. I have a doctor 's appointment in a couple of days and I 'm definitely getting off of this. It was effective for a long time for treating ovarian cysts, but now it is really negatively affecting my day-to-day life.
Well I have blood pressure that is normally high, but sometimes normal.  I have only been on Hytrin for a few days.  The first day it made me very dizzy and fill very bad.  My blood pleasure went from an average of 160 's/90 's to 110 's/60 's.   I am only on 1 mg. I only have been taking a 1/2 a mg since the first day.
I used Enbrel for Psoriasis for a little over 2 years. I was eager to try something that worked since at that time, nothing did. It worked and continued to work. It was VERY expensive and good thing I had insurance to cover it, or I would be back at square one, feeling and looking terrible. The needle is massive and hurts but it was worth it 100%. After those 2 years, Enbrel started to NOT work and my doctors upped my dosage 3 or 4 times and finally I had to be switched since it just did not work anymore. I researched it and I did read that after X amount of times some patients can and will become immune to the drug. This is what happened to me. I was devastated. So now I have to do IV treatments of Remecade every 8 to 10 weeks.
So far, I have had a lot of my acne clear up but I have also been using tea tree (which I was using before I broke out and decided to get on Birth Control) so I think it has helped there. I will say that after the first week, I have been bleeding ever since so I am thinking I will give this Trinessa Lo 3 months to figure itself out and if my skin isn 't better I am going to let it go.
I started taking adipex two weeks ago and lost 8 first week. I haven 't lost anything since. I do not have more energy and in fact get tired mid day. I actually can 't even tell that I am taking it. I do eat less but that is about it and have dry mouth.I found a coupon online for Kroger and it only cost me $10.88 for a 1 month supply
Severe back pain and also in neck, shoulders and arms started after being on Abatacept for about 3 months. More muscular pain than bone pain. Looking to come off it as its becoming problematic. I 've been on 4 other biologic medicines and this was the most effective in getting flare ups under control.
First, THANKS ALL OF YOU folks sharing. This is very informative. We are all trying to find something that works. My son, age 10, 5th grade, has been ADHD and negative overall for yrs.  Finally tried Vivance 20mg. Big help month 1. More talkative, able to focus, get things done.  Said it wore off or he got used to it by month 2 so uppedd dose to 30mg.Same thing, except after school a lot more sensitive emotionally.  He said he didn 't see much difference after a few weeks so we upped dose to 40mg on month 4.   Still sensitive after school, no appetite, complained that he was grinding his teeth all day , thirsty all the time and dry skin then one day suddenly his wrists and web between thumb and finger broke into red purple DEEP DRY RASH. Stopped it
Very bad nasal congestion and phlegm.  Ears unplugged.  Cough.
This product seemed to help with my allergies somewhat but after several months of suffering a large increase in migraine headaches. My neurologist and I decided to stop using Singulair. The constant tightness in my head was gone within a week. It seems that this is a common side-effect of this medicine. MIGRAINE SUFFERERS BEWARE!
Took for 2 weeks OK, then suddenly hit me like a ton of bricks.  Tingling sensation all over body, night leg cramps.  I was on the generic, then had the pharmacy switch to the name brand ($274).  The name brand seems stronger, as when I take it, 3 hours later, I get a tingling all over my body.  I will stop taking this until the effects go away and try again.
The Klonopin helped my anxiety very much, probably to a level of 8 or 9 out of ten.  However, after a few years, trying to taper off of it is proving to be a living nightmare and I am experiencing Benzo Withdrawal Syndrome.  It 's absolutely awful and I can see why some people are never able to stop taking it,
After 5 years of not getting the shot I decided it was time again endometriosis is very painful and it had returned so it was time. The last Depo Provera shot was great, no periods, no weight gain, no hormonal imbalances. This time I have the hormones of a pregnant woman and I 've been bleeding heavily for two weeks since giving myself the shot. I don 't have cramping too bad and my face has cleared but this hormonal imbalance, headaches, and heavy bleeding is kicking my butt even more tired than normal.
First time when I took cialis it (6 days) made my ankle swell twice there size, taking 5 mg, so I stop taking it. I do have ED and Bph so one pill for 2 ailments sounded great. Next DR appointment we discussed the problem and decided to try it again I 'm on day 8 no ankle problem Bph getting better but no erection. Since it has been 10 years for my last erection. it may take 30 to 45 days to take affect according to some experts. I guess only time will tell
Reclipsen pros prevents pregnancy, clear skin, regular cycles. Cons weight gain, extreme mood swings, longer periods, depression, nausea, increased appetite, frequent yeast infection/bacterial vaginitis combination. I will finding a better match for me. I was taking Reclipsen for about 1 year then stopped taking it and all my cons went away. I lost 15 pounds with no change in activity and my yeast infections and mood swings stopped.
After having terrible side effects with other birth control methods, I decided to try Nexplanon. The insertion was fairly painless (like a hard pinch) and took less than 30 seconds. The bruise on my arm did last for a few weeks (granted, I bruise like a banana so I was expecting this). I got it inserted on Dec 28th, 2015 and didn 't notice any major differences until late Jan when my period started. This was on target with my regular cycle, so I didn 't think too much about it until it just kept going. At this point, I have been on my period for 10 months. Although there have been a couple times where I 've NOT had it, they only last for a couple days and are very sporadic. I wanted to try and wait it out, but will prob get it taken out soon.
I was prescribed Keppra 5/3/16 after a Grand Mal at work and an abnormal EEG.  I had been having absence seizures for many years, this was my first major.  I am having some pretty bad side effects including dizziness, weakness, extreme fatigue, anger, agitation, and depression.  It is tough because I am a single mom and have to work but I go to work and just sit there because I can 't concentrate and don 't feel like moving.  I am still only taking 250mg in the morning and 250 in the evening.  I was directed to move to 500 in the morning and 500 in the evening after 3 days but I just don 't feel like I can handle it.  I feel so hopeless and hope that the side effects will subside
I have was dx with endometrosis back in 2010. I have had 4 chest tubes surgeries within 3 years. I was also  dx with catamenial puemothorax  which you can google to get more info about but it has a lot to do with my period etc it all goes together. But I have been on birth control pills, lupron and now on the depo. And I must say the only think that helps was the lupron , besides of the side effects of hot flashes, cold sweats etc. But the pill was a no go.  I didn 't like how it made me feel and I have been on the depo shots for a few months but I must say it worked in the 1st few months but now i have been bleeding for he last 4 months nonstop and I am just stop everything cause I 'm so over with trying different  things - its so frustrating.
I 've had Implanon since 2007 and it has been better then the Depo shot. I did gain a little weight and I have been bleeding a lot but it 's not as bad as the shot where I had more mood swings and cried all the time for nothing. Overall I like this one better because I am not good at remembering to take a pill but I am about to get it taking out because I can 't handle the bleeding. It just has been getting worse and it 's almost time for it to be out anyway.
I took it for ADD. Too many side effects. Discontinued after 13 days.
Fall 2015 noticed b/p was staying in the 140/95 range. Dr put me on Lisinopril 20 mg &amp; metoprolol 100 mg. B/p went down to 130/90. I soon noticed my energy was low, I felt like my body was made of lead. I couldn 't even stand long enough to take a shower. But the holidays approached &amp; I figured it was just adjusting, cold winter, etc. I had extreme depression, massive anxiety, insomnia. Basically confined to my bed. Went to the Dr again &amp; again &amp; she just looked at me &amp; smiled again. I couldn 't take anymore. I went off both slowly. I feel 75% better after 2 days! Now I 'm trying to reverse this nightmare of being sedentary &amp; what it has done to my body. I never knew you could loose this much muscle &amp; become exercise resistant so quickly.
When I first started taking it, I thought it was great. I took the 20 's twice a day with 10 mg hydro for breakthrough. I have been on it a year and my doctor said I needed the 30 mg but he is closing his practice and won 't change any prescriptions before he goes. He said I needed the 30s about a year ago but then wouldn 't make the change. I took myself off of them. They only gave me about 3 hours of relief after taking 2 hours to be effective. So now I am looking for a new doctor who will just give me 30mg of hydrocodone a day. That 's all I need.
i just started my 3rd week on this pill (its my first time going on bc) and i cant say i love the pill, but i also dont hate it. the first 3 days i had really bad acid reflux, indigestion and stomach pains, it went away so i think my body was just trying to cope with the newly added hormones. my boobs have grown slightly, but not much. im definitely more emotional now, but not overly emotional like most people are saying they experienced. the only real negative side effect ive experienced is acne. the day after i started the pill i woke up with small red bumps ALL over my face. my entire forehead, chin and jaw area is so red and bumpy. im gonna give this pill another month or two before i decide if i need to change brands.
Im only on my third day and feel like giving up! I cant sleep. Feel more miserable then ever and sometimes feel like i dont control my body. Plus this sickness feeling is awful.
I have been using for about 2 weeks now. It works a little, but it takes a long time. But I have noticed my acne scars going away. But, it makes my face red, and it burns really bad! So much that most of the time, I 'll go and wash it off with freezing cold water.
I have been using Zovia for 3 months now to help regulate my period. So far the side effects have been larger breasts and breast tenderness, slight bloating before and during my period, and immediately after starting it I have been getting chest acne. I am not prone to body acne and have never gotten it before I started using the pill. Nothing would clear it up either (acne wash- spot cream). My doctor said it was probably because of the high estrogen. Besides the acne and bloating I don 't have any other problems with it. It has started to regulate my period slowly, but not completely.
I 'm an 18 year old female and was prescribed this drug by my doctor as I have trouble sleeping. Now I sleep great but have trouble waking up in the morning and feel tired and light headed for the rest of the day. Not sure if this is normal or not for this medication
23, no children, 7 months on Implanon. Not the worst thing ever, compared to pills, but generally not a favorable experience for me. I experienced mood swings, anxiety, depression, gained about 10-15 lbs over the 7 months, a bit of acne, and generally was just very  'hormonal '. Obvious perks: little to no pain upon insertion, the stick in your arm is discreet, and not having to worry daily about taking a pill. Additionally, very light periods - I previously had the Paragard copper IUD in which gave me extremely heavy periods, so this was a HUGE perk and why I kept it in as long as I did. Will note, my best friend who recommended has Implanon and has had a great experience - depends all on your body and how it reacts to hormones.
I started taking Aviane 3 days ago. I chose this pill over others due to the fact I read quite a few reviews and articles that said decreases sex drive was NOT a side effect of this pill. Low sex drive and spotting are my number 1 issues when on the pill.Today (day 3) I started spotting. Sex drive is normal, but if I 'm going to spot I 'm not going to be able to have sex.I do feel like my appetite has been kicked up a notch and I 'm bloated.I will come back and update after more time passes.
I have had this implant for almost two years now. It works as far as contraception goes, but has caused other issues. Most birth control methods have a downside to the side effects. My experience with Nexoplanon was effective yet torturous. I have two weeks of PMS and soreness and everything involved with pre-period times, and then once I finally got my period, it would last for over three weeks. So I was either had PMS, or bleeding throughout the month. I 'm having the implant removed and then giving my body some time without any birth control for a while to balance myself out, hormonally speaking.
I just started treatment about 4 days ago. So far I 've had no side effects. My face is pretty clear. I 'm hoping it 'll work well for my back.
Excellent for sleep onset - up to a point. If things get really bad, I 've had to augment it with temazepam and Valium. I also have depression. I was on and off it for about 3 months and it causes brain fog and word retrieval problems. There is also a significant increase in appetite, but it 's not as bad as Remeron.
I started at 25mg for a week. I had 2 good days and the other days were from my normal anxiety. I then went up to 50mg and felt not too bad except for days 6 and 7. Had some minor sleep problems but managed to get through. I jumped to 75mg three days ago and now I 'm feeling like garbage. My anxiety shot up. I feel depressed. I feel weird. I slept only 3.5 hours the last two nights. My stomach feels empty but I did have breakfast and I 'm not hungry. I know I need to give it at least a week or two on the higher dosage but I 'm so disappointed and discouraged. I wish I can start feeling better.
After taking Gleevec, this medication is much easier on the stomach: however, the potential for heart problems and strict time schedule is of concern. Time will tell.
I 'd taken Excedrin for years w/some effectiveness &amp; then had a streak where  headaches would return within a day and sought medical attention.  An urgent care doctor prescribed Bubalbital-APAP-Caffeine and I used it as needed for about a year and was happy with the results, but the prescription was running out.  Because the medication was prescribed by an urgent care doctor the prescription couldn 't be refilled, so I had to see an internal medicine doctor and he prescribed Sumatriptan.  After taking the medicine today it did eventually take away my visual auras and it seems to block the full on migraine, but I feel kind of crummy with sinus drainage and pressure, grogginess and slight nausea.  Going to try w/pain reliever Naproxen.
I was desperate for something quick and regret entirely for not reading the reviews first. I took the 2 pills at 4:30pm. By 9:30pm, I felt like I had a possible BM. Sure enough, a soft stool came with no struggling. 20 min later I felt like I couldn 't trust a fart if I wanted to. By this time, it was certainly liquidy compared to the previous. I went to bed an hour later, no harm no foul. By 4:30am, I had nausea, cramping, chills and weakness that felt like a severe case of food poisoning.  By 7:30am I finally managed to lay down and pass out again. The nausea and chills lasted most of the day. Yes, the pills worked. But not satisfactorily. For how backed up I was, I expected more BM results - preferably without the awful side affects...
I have never gotten a YI, but I decided to get the 3 day tx. Today is my third day and the itchiness and burning is still there! It might be worse than the first 2 times. It 's such a horrible, intense burning sensation that starts a couple minutes after insertion. It had me squirming like a worm with my legs clenched together. Not sure if that means it 's working but I sure hope it 's worth the pain.
Wish I had read these reviews first.  First time doing this.  No warning from the doctor.  It appeared to be a harmless, well-diluted clear liquid.  Casually took a drink and suddenly my mouth is full of troll urine.  Or maple syrup mixed with salty clam water.  15 minutes later and I 'm waiting for it to take effect.  Strange sounds emanating from my colon.  I 'm afraid.
I have been on Effexor for awhile now I would guess three years. I don 't know if it works or not, to be honest. The passed few years have not been normal by any means. I had a lower back fusion in 2009 but bounced back fast and continued my life. Missed a year though of baseball. Then while playing I broke my neck, yes my neck. That ended up also getting fused. My ill advised comeback resulted in three shoulder surgeries and a broken arm. I didn 't handle my dreams of being crushed well. Super depressed that I was no longer an athlete. I have bad bad pain every day. I am married with two little kids and I became anxious every morning not knowing if I could play with my kids or not. still have bad anxiety and moderate depression.
pain relief was OK but it caused terrible nausea and headaches after 3 days of taking 10/325 every four hours after shoulder surgery. 
This is my first time taking metronidazole and first time getting BV. I am supposed to take 2 tablets a day for a week (500 mg). The first few days were fine, I noticed I was beginning to get tired though. The fishy odor went away  by like day 3. By day 4-5, I was beginning to get more symptoms like headaches, dark urine (even though I drink a lot of water), minor upset stomach, trouble focusing, and irritability. By day 6, I was lightheaded, confused, couldn 't focus at all, and nausea on top of all the previous symptoms I mentioned. I am not completing this prescription with 2 pills left. I also am a healthy 4 '10&quot;, 100 lbs, and 21 years old female who only takes medication when it 's a last resort.
I was 27 and over weight when I started taking 25mg of atenolol which worked great for about 6yrs but last year age 34, the doctor put me on 50mg which started causing anxiety about once every 2-3 months and lack of sleep. Now age 35 I 'm on 75mg and the side effects are weekly migraines, light headed, anxiety, leg pain and jaw pain...don 't feel like my self...
This drug took me out of a downward spiraling mixed episode, for that I 'm thankful.  However, being BiPolar II, the initial dosage of 1750 mg. which was never recommended to lower after its effectiveness had been reached, almost put me right back to where I was.  I wouldn 't recommend this drug if you 're on the depressive side of BiPolar, or for any length of time/dosage that the medication isn 't even recommended to be used for.  I 've since switched to Lamictal, will see how it goes.
I 'm 23 y/o, never been pregnant/given birth. Had Paragard for 3 years and I 'm so done with it. What 's the point of being on birth control if I can 't even have sex because I 'm bleeding all the time? I can rarely have sex with my boyfriend of 4.5 years&mdash;sometimes when I think I 'm done bleeding, we start having sex and then I start to bleed and it ruins the mood, so we stop. Before IUD, my periods lasted 5 days, now they last 7 days + I have HEAVY spotting almost the entire month. I 've also experienced EXTREMELY painful cramps throughout 3 years (&amp; I have a high pain tolerance) &amp; the cramps did NOT &quot;just last a couple weeks after getting it inserted&quot;&mdash;it happened for years. On the bright side, it requires no maintenance &amp; I never got pregnant.
I also have 2 benign tumours on my S1 and Coccyx. I 've been on Tramadol for 2 yrs giving some temporary relief, it also helped me out of bed in the morning. I was put on Gabapentin about 8 months ago. It 's been slowly titrated up, I hadn 't really felt any relief until I hit the dosage of 900mgs X 3 daily- with my doctor wanting to take me off Tramadol I felt I had no choice but to up my doses. I 've gained 45 lbs in the last year and I pretty much have to starve myself to lose a couple of pounds. Do I put up with the weight gain and some relief or switch drugs?  I 'm in Alberta, getting a new doctor is almost impossible. I was told to hang on by friends- but for how long?
So I started Yasmin on December 29, 2016 &amp; began taking it regularly at 7:30PM to avoid unwanted nausea that 's often reported by women who take it early in the morning. The first week was fine, the second week made me awfully depressed but I noticed clearer skin, and the third week brought along frequent urination which frightened me bc thats a symptom of pregnancy. But then with some online research, I found out that Yasmin definitely has a diuretic side effect that causes frequent urination. Instead of retaining the water (which causes bloating), frequent urination assisted in preventing bloating. In the third week, I had withdrawal bleeding 3 days into the inactive pills, which last about 5 days.
Was on this for about 3 months, normally the time frame for deciding whether or not your body reacts well to a medication. Periods were fine and normal, lasted about 5 days, light to moderate. Still got cramps around the second day and acne about a week or so prior to my period. I started to get inter-menstrual cramping and sharp pain in between periods. Normally if I miss a pill, or few, I can take them all, up to 4, shit happens, and be fine. With this I felt really sick and crampy if I took more than 2. I gained about 15lbs in 3 months, but I also had moved across country and started a new desk job, so cant account that all to the medication. No mood swings or headaches. Definitely increased discharge though.
Been on Paxil for about 13 years up to 40 mg a day. If I miss a pill or two start to get like electric shocks through my body, so make sure you take them daily.  Still have Xanax as back up. Sometimes wonder if the Paxil works good enough. Lately stress level is so high and life events are just driving me crazy.
I took Ortho Tri- Cyclen for symptoms of ovarian cysts.  These symptoms included spotting and/or bleeding when it wasn 't time for  my period and periods every 3 weeks (21 days), instead of every 28 or so.  So basically, some sort of bleeding was going on almost constantly!  After a period of about 4-5 months, my symptoms became less severe, the spotting stopped and my periods became less frequent.  However, I experienced severe cramping and longer and heavier periods while I was taking Ortho Tri-Cyclen.  So in some ways it helped the symptoms I had experienced before taking it, but it also created some new symptoms in the year that I took it.
I have been on this birth control for about 2 to 3 months. I have TERRIBLE menstrual cramps, acne did clear up. Heavy bleeding during period but no breakthrough bleeding. Not pregnant! VERY MOODY and Cry over sad songs and sad commercials. I 'm going back to the doctor in a few weeks and changing.
I started this medicine about 5 years ago. Sometime in December of 2014 I started experiencing terrible separation anxiety, general anxiety, and depression symptoms. After about three months of my boyfriend helping me work though these experiences I remembered that this medicine has possible side effects listed as mood changes. On my last visit to the doctor in the second week of April, my doctor took me off this medicine. Since I stopped my side effects have mostly subsided. I 've always been an emotional person but i 'm no longer having massive screaming, crying, crippling breakdown. I 'm 17, it worked great for my asthma but the cost (my mental health) out weighed the gain.
This medication is okay. It only works if I also use benzoyl peroxide. I have to use it religiously. I still get cystic acne occasionally. It makes my skin feel oily. It 's okay. It takes many years to get rid of scarring from the acne. I have tried many drug combinations and in my experience they all work equally well or bad depending on how consistently you use the drug. Retin A is no miracle.
I just tried these as one of the many samples I was given. This is my least favorite because I am burping a fish taste within two hours of taking them. I hate fish so to me this is very nauseating. I haven 't had this issue with any others.
I was prescribed this medicine yesterday. I had been taking Norco 10-25 which was no longer working. My guess is the tolerance I had built up. I took it yesterday and it really helped my pain. I have severe pack pain due to narrowing of spine due to herniated disc and osteoarthritis which is in most of my major joints. I had one hip replaced 8 months ago and due for another soon. I took my dose this morning, 50mg every 8 hours and really weird feeling. Hoping it goes away because my husband said I was a lot more pleasant to be around yesterday. I was also put on Lyrica at bedtime. Could this be cause of spacey feeling?
I have only been on Belviq for less than a week. I haven 't worked out yet but my side effects were extremely bad the 1st two days. I had a migraine that was  out of this world and I felt very intoxicated. Don 't know what to say about it yet but I stepped on my scale after 4 days and I gained weight. Not cool and I 'm almost scared to continue. Any thoughts or suggestions would be appreciated.
This is the very first birth control I ever used. The first few days I was overcome anxiety but that subsided. The first month I did have nausea and heartburn but that also subsided.  Two weeks after I began the pill I started my period which lasted off and on for about 3 weeks (which is normal, just annoying).  I switched birth controls with my Dr. because this was not stopping my period at all (I wouldn 't take the break pills either).  I continued to get my period at random times which is not my goal with birth control.  It was not a horrible experience however, everyone 's body responds differently.
I used this with great success for two years and then it totally stopped working.  My dermatologist said the clindamycin antibiotic often becomes ineffective after awhile.
My 17 year old son is having a colonoscopy tomorrow and is having a horrible time getting this down. I am on my way to go get him a lemon to see if he sucks on it and then swallows the solution if it would make it any easier. He got the first liter down but the second liter is a nightmare. Some company needs to come up with something better.
I avoid taking Imitrex if I can because I experience so many side effects from it. I get jaw and shoulder pain/stiffness, pain in the back of my neck and scalp, headaches, drowsiness and I just generally feel weird and awful after taking it. After 2 hours or so, my migraine goes away and the awful-ness of the Imitrex lessens so that is why I do take it occasionally. Every time I take it, I 'm reminded of how badly I need to find something else.
I took Flexeril for my back and it did help, but it made me extremely tired and gave me bad cotton mouth.  I would take it and be drowsy for 16 hours afterwards.
I 've been using Nuva Ring for two months now. It 's my first attempt at hormonal birth control, so I was a little nervous about side effects. I give Nuva Ring high marks for ease of use -it 's really great in that sense. Unfortunately, NuvaRing has killed my libido, which started shortly after I began using it and has only gotten worse. At first I thought it might be coincidental but now I know it 's not. My first month on NuvaRing I also had a moderate acne breakout (very unusual for me). This hasn 't happened again, though. I also get nausea the day after I insert a new ring, though I think that would fade if I kept using NuvaRing. I hate to give up a birth control that 's so easy to use, but I refuse to spend my life without any sex drive.
Advair Diskus completly helped the weezing. I have a funnytaste in my mouth and have terrible heartburn.
I was diagnosed with Fibromyalgia about 10 years ago and have been on many different Rx regimes including Tylenol 3 and 4, Cymbalta, Lyrica andTramadol with Tramadol being the most effective. At my highest point I was up to 400 mg per day and that just made my entire personality change for the worse so I backed off to 50 mg 4 times a day. Recently I have experienced severe gastrointestinal issues all pointing towards the Tramadol usage so I decided to wean myself off it. After 2 days at 100 mg a day big trouble, now have insomnia,  anxiety, foot cramps, sweats, agitation and overall pain.
I had propofol for cataract surgery combined with another drug.  I was very dizzy and slept most of the day after the procedure.  I am now four days out and still feel very fatigued - napping - which is unusual for me.  I woke up during the procedure (which is expected) and the room was spinning.  Are these things normal?  I had the propofol for colonoscopy and did not experience any of these things.
I 'm not happy with this pill at all. I used to take Ortho Lo and never had any problems. Now that I had to switch, I 'm more emotional, tired and I cry all the time! It 's also made it a lot harder to lose weight. I 'm working with the doctor so I can get back on Ortho Lo. I gave it a try. 
@Nishimaru2. I have the same problem your son does except mine is a bit...odd. If I 'm not watching what I 'm doing I 'll find myself in the bathroom plucking facial hairs with tweezers. Weird, I know but only on Adderall.
I had bad reaction from Ritalin so I was given Strattera. Strattera gave me and still gives me a nauseous feeling, I always take it with food and after driving to avoid this side effect as much as possible. At times it gives me head aches and irritability due to me feeling off. It is very effective in controlling my hyperactivity. I am much more attentive. Its benefits out weigh its current side effects, I recommend talking to your doctor and to keep trying new medicines to find out what works best for you. I gave it a 6/10. Its expensive, $140ish
I got mirena inserted on Dec. 8th, 2014. At my 6 week postpartum checkup. I started bleeding immediately and consistently until March 23rd.(and I mean every single day for over 3 months) As of today, I still have a period every single month, it hasn 't gotten any lighter at all. My pms is worse. I get bad acne, which was never a problem before.  The strings make my boyfriend uncomfortable during intercourse (after having them shortened TWICE already). Heavy spotting in between periods, cramps all month long. My Dr. Assures me that it will get better, and they don 't want me to have it removed. But honestly, I feel worse off now than when I got it.
I have used NuvaRing for about 3 years.  I LOVE the convenience and the fact that it 's a low-dose hormonal contraceptive.  I haven 't experienced weight gain, mood fluctuations, or spotting while on it.  However, I 've noticed that my sex drive has diminished greatly over the past year or so.  I 've had recurrent bacterial vaginosis, which is caused by a change in the balance of the vaginal flora. I 've noticed an increase in acne along my jawline around my withdrawal week, and I have a predictable headache during that week as well.  Despite the fact that I 'll really miss the convenience of the NuvaRing, I 've decided to talk to my gynecologist about trying another contraceptive.
I have been on this medication for half a year. I was on tamoxifen for 3 and a half years but after I had my ovaries removed was moved onto anastrozole. Since starting my entire body hurts. My bones my hands my joints everything. Have been backwards and forwards to doctors who have not been much help, aside from the the pain emotionally it makes me worry I have cancer somewhere else. Some days I can hardly get out of bed with it. Some days the pain is just an ache other times just sharp pains that can be anywhere. I am preserving though, I figure I would rather have the pain that get cancer back so if this helps at all it will all be worth it. There are days that I am not so positive but only got a year to go... I am 44.
My husband took the sovaldi / ribavirin combination. He is free of hepatitis C now but is having major side effects still. My husband feels worse now then before treatment. He has severe bone and joint pain throughout his body. He has itchy rashy skin, 30  lb weight gain, his thyroid is messed up and now having to take medication for it, chronic fatigue and has to nap daily. He has severe depression, difficulty dealing with people, explosive personality, difficulty concentrating, and more. He is unable to work due to the pain, inability to fill out paperwork or anything due to concentration issues. He has lost interest in things he loved to do. He naps several hours a day. We have been to different doctors with no one able to help...
I have been taking Benazepril, for the last month for reducing hypertension. I have never had problem with high blood pressure in my life. 6 ' 0 ' 290 lb. 57 yr. old former football, baseball and soccer player. Coached high school athletics for 32 plus years and now I am taking this medication to control my blood pressure. My side effects have been a roller coaster ride up and down. Fatigue, a dry constant cough, dizziness, light headed and insomnia. See my doctor today, since my introduction to this medication is about over. Hopefully he can change to something better without the side effects. It does control my blood pressure at times but has also lowered my blood pressure to low.
Was taking amoxicillin 875 mg twice a day tablets had Excessive tiredness,Chest pain and Upset stomach. first pill ever that made me so sleepy ever day, I 'm 18 so it might work different for other people.
I 'm on my first week of this pill and let me tell you, I 'm really considering just to stop taking it. I have been so depressed and emotional the past few days I feel like there is nothing to look forward to in life. Also I spot every day and it yes so annoying because I want to wear my &quot;nice underwear&quot; but can 't and I really don 't want to wear a pad all the time. I know my body is getting used to it so I will try my best to continue it. Everyone is different and I hope that they are having a lot better experiences with it than I.
Gave me really bad side effects, upset stomach, diarrhea, migraine headaches.
My doctor prescribed 10mg once or twice a day to address some nasty sciatic pain.  Maybe the dosage is low, but it really had no discernible effect on the pain after several days usage.  I don 't want another expensive shot to deal with it either.  I have had two, and they only provided about one week of relief, while costing me plenty even with insurance.
This medication brought me out of a long manic episode very quickly (which was a huge relief) but I couldn 't bare the tiredness and lack of tolerance I had because I was so tired. I felt quite grumpy most days. The sugar cravings were wild and I lost all restraint with cakes and sweets. I guess I 'm just one of the very few people it doesn 't agree with.
I 've only had one dose of Lupron; before going on it I did my research. One side effect is HORRIBLE insomnia (which I have). I know not every single change in my body can be blamed on the Lupron. I have Endometriosis and the Lupron basically puts you in a state of menopause. Headaches, insomnia, sweats, mood swings were very bad the first couple of weeks; now my stomach hurts! So I think I can pick and choose what the medicine is responsible for and the state of chemical menopause is doing to me.
I 'm only new to this condition and the medication five weeks I have felt so sick with stomach pains but my doctor gave me gastritis tablets which have helped a lot not sure when the best time to take my medication is.  Could I make the itchy redness go away or does it matter????
This medication helped with my congestion however it makes me anxious, gives me a rapid heart beat and insomnia. 
I have had episodes of depression throughout my life. I have been on ssri meds off and on. They never seemed to help and side effects were horrible, Tired lack of energy sexual side effects increased anxiety.  After my son was born I experienced the worst depression anxiety. After over 3yrs. I finally went to seek help and refused to take ssri meds. They first put me on buspar for anxiety which is a great alternative to other addictive meds. Then they added 150 mg. Welbutrin once in the morning. The first day I felt like I actually woke up for the first time in 3 years, had energy but after a week felt like it wore off too quick. I am being upped to 300my xl and hoping I 'll get better results. Still best med I 've ever tried!
on my 3rd month and the acne caused by this pill still havent gone away. when I started this pill I broke out like CRAZY. I had HUNDREDS of pimples the day after starting. most of them have cleared but now instead of a bunch of tiny red pimples, I get big painful cyctic ones. I stayed with it because everyone told me I had to give my body time to adjust, but it doesn 't seem to be doing better. The 2nd month on the pill I had HORRIBLE stomach pains. It was awful. I was puking every other day from the pain, not nausea. As a BC its great idk if its worth the acne tho.. my skin is so scarred.
I am 65 and have been on Femara for 2 years. Side effects quite severe. Joint pain, lost libido, dry vagina. However it is what it is and we must continue to take. So, I decided to fight the effect, dry vagina improved with a non hormonal lubricant. For joint pain, fish oil, magnesium, zinc and calcium twice a day, big improvement. Also each morning no matter how stiff you are, go walking, it warms up the joints and gets you going for the rest of the day. I also do weights 3 times a week to increase muscle to protect bones.  All have made big a difference. No weight gain. Vitamins have certainly helped keep hair and skin in good condition. Three more years of it so it 's best to just keep trying to counteract the negative effects.
This form of birth control helps with my making my period lighter and way less painful but it has caused me to have both weight gain and crazy mood swings. I 've only been on this pill for 5 months but it 's already causing me a headache. I feel depressed at times, upset and even having problems when it comes to my sex drive. I 'm not sure if that 's this birth control or what but I 'm only 21. I shouldn 't be having these problems.
I just had Skyla inserted 3 hours ago. Worst cramps of my life. Child birth was easier. Cramps have subsided probably due to 4 midol and 2 aleve. Hoping they subside more before i go to work tonight. Also hoping I don 't gain weight or get acne. We shall see. Should also mention I am 25 with a 3 year old son.
I 've lost 15 lbs since getting the Skyla 9 months ago (now 115 lbs at 5 '5&quot;). This is not normal for my body and I will likely get the Skyla out so that I can hopefully gain the weight back and feel like I 'm in my own body again. I know most people gain weight if they have any weight changes with an IUD, but my friend also lost weight when she was already very thin after getting the Skyla so I know I 'm not the only one. Also get more painful cramping during PMS and the first couple days of my period. Have some occasional mood issues like anxiety but that could easily be chalked up to life stuff. Insertion was pretty painful but not unbearable. Had cramping for 20 days until I got my first period after insertion.
Hi this has just been my 2nd day taking Contrave. It has helped with the food cravings I can tell and I am not eating as much but I am so so tried and sleepy (can 't hold my eyes open) ........ I am going to push through it.  I have a lot of weight to lose. I am 35, 5 '5, and weight 245lb The medical term for a person like me is morbid obese 
I have been on 50mg of Topamax for one year now.  I am still on the fence.  I have still have the tingling/numb hands and feet (sometimes so bad, it wakes me up at night.)  My Neurologist recommended increasing my potassium levels.  That seems to help sometimes.  I lost some weight and I sleep better now taking this.  I do have few migraines a month, but I do not want to take a pill the rest of my life. 
18, FIRST gyno visit, and I tested positive for chlamydia, BV and a yeast infection. How embarrassing. For chlamydia, doc prescribed 1 dose of a 1000 mg pill of azithro. I had zero side effects. I got retested 2 months later and results came back still positive even though I abstained from sex. Treatment must not have worked :( this time around I was prescribed two 500mg azithro pills. TAKE THESE PILLS AT NIGHT BEFORE BED. the side effects only lasted 2 hours max. IF YOU FEEL NAUSEOUS, take deep breaths and lay on your left side. I have no advice for diarrhea lol I 'm still running to the bathroom. fingers crossed it works this time.
I had the Lilttea placement today about 4 hours ago. I am going to make this a basic first day review and I promise to update going forward. Placement went well, slow deep breaths, I talked to keep me focused. Insertion took under 5 minutes and was on par with vaginal exams from the past, no pinch/stabbing. Note, I have a backward tilted uterus and cervix, makes it hard to get to. I 've had two babies, non medicated vaginal deliveries, so my pain tolerance is higher than most so I would expect the worst and hope fot the best. I had it done half way through my period. I will track my bleeding and see what changes. So far, mild to bad cramps that went away with a hot bath and ibprofin. So excited to hopefully not get pregnant again. So is hubs
I was diagnosed at the age of 14 with Tourette 's Syndrome, and I am now 15. Before Orap I had a severe tic to my right side that would happen usually when I was stressed, or something was out of place, but sometimes at random. Though this medicine has helped me tremendously, I can say I am much better off without it. The side effects were just too much. I became void of any energy, and would stay in bed for more than 12 hours a day. I also started to experience syncope. I decided to stop taking Orap for a couple of weeks to see if the side effects would cease. I felt mildly better, but I developed a tic similar to what you would see in a person with Tardive Dyskinesia. I 'm going back to my doctor soon to discuss what has been going on.
After being on this for 5 days, my urianry tract infection was *almost* gone. I had to ask for another prescription. During the time I was on it on I noticed shortness of breath, almost twice a day I tasted metal and noticed I had small nosebleeds. I also couldn 't really go out in the sunlight, as it hurt my eyes a lot and my skin felt like it was burning.
Ok ladies... I have had Nexplanon now for a little over a year and half. At first I was very happy with it. I got I put in on the last day of my period and I was on the pill before this. I didn 't get my period again no spotting no bleeding for over a year.. I didn 't think it affected my sex drive but my fianc
18 years.  I switched to pristiq after paxil and Wellbutrin.  I took a gene sight test that predicted me to have the least amount of side affects with pristiq (which I highly recommend). I had almost no side effects.  After the pristiq started to kick in I felt alright, not too great or severely depressed.  I did feel well enough to go to school (I couldn 't on Paxil).  However after about a month I noticed a shift; I felt a lot better than usual at times and at others I felt depressed.  I also have had racing thoughts and mood swings become more common. I became worried I had bi polar disorder. I told my psychiatrist this and he believed it was coming from pristiq. Coming off has been a hard.  My mind has been in a fog, hot flashes, flu like symptoms
My first time taking birth control and I chose the patch. I was prescribed Xulane. I hate it. I already had a slight acne problem, it didn 't improve it. It made my breasts tender all the time. I was spotting for a whole week, which was expected. The main issue from being on this patch, was my mood swings. I felt depressed, sad, I was crying for no reason, and then I would be happy again. My boyfriend hates it because of my mood swings. I 've been on it for 3 months but not anymore.
I have been using this pill since September. It is my first time using birth control pills. I am 30 with a beautiful son and my husband does not want any more kids. I spot most of the month. In October, I spotted the first week and a half. Then I began spotting again the last week. This is too much. I did not like being on my period before the pill and it was regular then. I have also had a break out in my face. I did not have acne this bad when I was a teenager. I am not sure if this pill is for me. If things do not change this month I will have to find another pill to try.
I am experiencing side effect of diarrhea after 5 day. Still having pain Don 't know if it 's going to be worth all the diarrhea
April 2015 I was my biggest 248 &amp; got down to 190 on phentermine (diet pill, 37.5mg) before I started to get used to it &amp; decided to change meds. Around sept. 2015 I was put on vyvanse (30mg, which has since then been upped to 70mg) along w/topamax (50mg 2x day) &amp; lexapro (20mg). For the most part vyvanse has worked wonders. It makes me feel picky about food which is good &amp; bad. Good in the sense that I won 't eat the house, bad because I can be starving but nothing seems appetizing. I 'd rather starve than eat the house tho. However it never lasts long, I just seem to get used to meds quickly. &amp; it 's my most expensive med $30, would be $46 but I got the online coupon ^.^
I got Mirena inserted on 6/14/12. No children. Took 1600Mg ibuprofen before hand. Insertion hurt badly. Next day mild cramps. Day 3... No spotting or cramping. Checked strings and still present. Quite content so far. 
Prevents pregnancy but definitely not worth the side effects. It will cause mood swings a week into getting it. Please, for the sake of your own health do not get this shot.
I 'm on the 6 month therapy treatment and I got my 4th injection yesterday. At the beginning I was getting the hot flashes which I can deal with, the mood swings. I rather deal with that then the terrible belly button pain , bleeding from navel and chest pain. I was diagnosed with endo stage 4 about 3 years ago. But now I 'm starting to think &quot;is it worth it?&quot; with the insomnia, tiredness, diarrhea and waking up with migraines
I 've got very mixed feelings about my implanon.  Had it in for over 6 months and not a hint of a period. No spotting or bleeding whatsoever = awesome!  I 'm more emotionally stable - no more crying every month with my period = great!  However, I have put on approx 8kg despite no change to eating habits or exercise = depressed! Plus it hurt for a few days after it was put in.  Previously I was on the pill for 25yrs and my weight was mostly stable I wore the same size work uniform for 7 yrs - but now I 've had to go up a size and the new uniforms are getting tight already.  I love not having to remember to take the pill, but I 'm seriously considering having the implanon taken out and going back to the pill.  The weight gain is just too big a pr
Clonazepam works wonders for anxiety. However, it is extremely addictive. This medication is like booze in a pill and once you get addicted, it 's very difficult getting off it. There are terrible withdrawal symptoms from this drug. After using Clonazepam for 4 years, I 'm going through what 's called &quot;tolerance withdrawal&quot; but of course there is no medical term for it. Doctors will tell you that there is no such thing as &quot;tolerance withdrawal&quot;. &quot;When tolerance develops, &quot;withdrawal&quot; symptoms can appear even though the user continues to take the drug. Thus the symptoms suffered by many long-term users are a mixture of adverse effects of the drugs and &quot;withdrawal&quot; effects due to to tolerance&quot; 
The second pill made me feel confused, anxious, lightheaded.
Been on it for about a month now. Was on 30mg, now on 60mg so far feel a little better but not much. Hopefully will improve. Side effects: night sweats, tremors, a little nausea paranoia and anxiety.
I have experienced what my doctor calls &quot;spotting&quot; which I completely disagree. I 've had my monthly cycle for 2 weeks &amp; a half. Just as heavy as normal and same pain level in cramps. I was giving this to shrink the size of my ovarian cyst to make it go away pretty much but I 'm not exactly quite sure if it 's even shrinking. I have also experienced weight gain and I 'm in the process of losing weight so that really does not help. I have also experienced mood swings. Maybe it will be worth it after my next sonogram.
Started December 2016, afib caused by thyroid. Lethargic, painful muscles and joints like I have the flu, swelling/bloated all over, indigestion enough to be hospitalized...over all not great...wish I didn 't have to take it!
I would never take this again. I haven 't had a normal period since. I 'm always SUPER heavy when I bleed and now my period is like really light pink and watery it 's been like this for four cycles now! I never got told this was a side effect and that everything would go back to normal after my first proper period.
I was put on Ritalin by my doctor for weight loss. This is very helpful however it does make me very hungry when it wears off. My concentration is great and my workouts are more intense because this medication. It gives me more energy and makes me more focused and makes me feel like I can lift more then I usually do. I have become more mellow and no longer yell at my family when I am upset. They love me on this medicine because I am very calm and don 't get upset easily. So far I have lost 10lbs in 1 week but I do hit the gym everyday. I have not had any other side effects from the medicine.
This drug is extremely effective, and I lost nearly 14 pounds in 8 days.  However, I had severe side effects and took myself off the drug after becoming so dehydrated that I had to go get 2 bags of IV fluid.  I was so dehydrated, my veins were collapsing whenever they tried to start the IV.  I am extremely active, and training for half and full marathons.  I guess my energy needs are too great for what this drug allows you to consume.  Every time I ate I got extremely gassy, had severe heartburn, and had the runs. I physically had to make myself eat.  My stomach would not take or process much water at a time either.  If you work out a lot - stay awayI definitely think in a few years there will be lawsuits over this drug.
Although it does relieves some of my I get constipation. I take 100 mg every 4 to 6 hours. My pain is relieved for approximately 2 hours then gradually comes back.
I 've been on Sprintec for about 2 months, I recently noticed weight gain and really bad mood swings. I cry for no reason, so I decided to check online, turns out a lot of people taking Sprintec had similar problems, which is a relief because I thought I had depression for a bit. But my breast got bigger, that 's good I guess. My period is shorter and lighter, no acne either. So overall it 's okay. I just hope I stop being so emotional soon.
Went to urgent care and the doctor recommended Delsym he warned me it can cause diarrhea so to take Imodium with it to counteract it. It definitely helped suppress the cough, and tasted much better than NyQuil. (That contains Benadryl &amp; Tylenol)
Been on flexeril for the past 4 or 5 years. It works ok for muscle spasms in my lumbar area. I have several badly herniated discs so I 'm in pain most of the time. By itself the medication doesn 't do that much but my Dr has me take it with gabapentin and Percocet so together they help a lot.
I started taking Portia after my first pill was giving me too much break through bleeding. I never had any break through bleeding on Portia, but I developed moderate depression and anxiety issues while on it. I was moody, less interested in sex, and bloated most of the time. I switched back to the original pill I started on, so hopefully that goes better!
Not taking pills was nice, and Nuvaring seams to really help my skin, it 's never been clearer. Not sure it 's worth the negative side effects, however. I 'm really wet, all the time. I have to constantly wear and change pantyliners. It 's extremely uncomfortable and a huge hassle. I also think this is making me depressed. I thought it was other factors in my life at the time I started using it, like stress from dealing with school. But after being off it for the summer (tired of the wetness and away from my boyfriend anyway) things went back to normal-including skin problems. I started on it again this fall and my skin is better, but I am very wet and emotional/depressed again, it 's affecting my grades. Goodbye clear skin.
I 've been on this pill for a little over 2 years now. And boy, am I just no realizing I am not crazy. A couple months ago it dawned on me that since I started taking this pill I have been super irritable, easily angered and depressed all within taking the last 2 weeks of these pill up to the white and brown ones. I spoke to my gyno before about this and she brushed it off and said it can be normal. But after my recent break up because of my mood swings, I am finally acting and getting off this pill to hopefully something better. After reading other reviews I am relieved to know I 'm not the only one to experience this, especially on the last 2 weeks of the pack.
Over all good
I 'm 21 and a mother of an almost 3 year old. I had my IUD inserted about 2 years ago. The pro is that I love not getting my period but I feel like I 've experienced more cons with it. I 've gained more weight then I did during my pregnancy, I cry for no reason. I feel bloated often, I 've recently started getting acne which I never had even as a teen. I know everyone is different but I 've decided to get mine removed after having it 2 years. I hope to use good old abstinence as my new birth control. As to you ladies that had amazing experiences I 'm very jealous!
I am giving it a 5 for now. I am only on day number 6. The first day I felt horrible. Second day to the 5th day I had zero side effects. Today I am dizzy headed and just feel off. Around the 4th-5th day I noticed I was craving sweets in the afternoons. I 'm hoping the sweets craving in the afternoons will go away after I start taking the second pill in the evenings. I 'm not giving up on this pill as I would love to have help losing weight. I am currently 186. My next doctor 's appointment is on May 9th. I 'll update then!
Horrible heartburn that lasts for hours. Left a bad taste in my mouth. Nauseated. But did good for my skin infection..cannot complete my dose. Will change antibiotic.
I am 45 years old and have had one of the most acute cases of bronchial asthma in the world. I have been prescribed prednisone since I was a little girl. This is how prednisone works: If you take a high dose and taper over about a week, you should feel relief from just about any pain caused by inflammation, rash and asthma by day two. for that, nothing works better. If you have to take prednisone for a longer period of time, you 'll suffer from huge weight gain, acne, moon-face, body aches, hyperactivity, sleeplessness and severe moodiness. I was just released from a four week stay in ICU for asthma and double pneumonia on 125 mg every four hours. I gained 60 lbs and my face looked like Miss Piggy. They had to treat the prednisone symptoms!
Prozac made me feel a lot less depressed a first, but then it started causing really bad insomnia.
I currently have the flu and am taking tamiflu. My congestion and cough had me worried I would not be able to sleep so I checked to make sure there wouldn 't be any issues taking the mucinex d while also taking tamiflu. I took the mucinex d at 8pm and immediately felt like I couldn 't go to sleep. I sat up on the phone for 2 hours listening to a discussion trying to go to sleep. I finally did to only wake up at 2 and be in the same situation I was in before. Unable to go to sleep wide awake. Rest of the number one thing I need right now and I 'm not getting it because of the mucinex d. I 'm very unhappy with the drug.
I didn 't like this birth control at all. I have been on it for 5 months and I cry all the time now. 
I 've been on the Depo-Provera shot for over 8 months now, I received my first shortly after I had my son, I was breastfeeding so this was my only option. The only pros for me are its convenient, I 'm a nurse and I just pick it up from pharmacy and inject myself or a friend from work does it for me then I 'm good for three months, no remembering to take a pill. Cons have been constant bleeding on and off, longest being over 3 weeks straight. I have gained back all the weight that I did lose from having my baby and am now stuck at the same weight I was at 9 months pregnant, it 's awful and embarrassing, I am constantly hungry like constantly and I crave sweets and chocolate more than anything. I also am sweating like crazy all the time.
My doctor recently prescribed Pristiq for me when I went to see him for help with my mood swings. After a rather nasty incident at a family dinner, I decided that I needed help. My family has put up with these swings for years, and sometimes I cry when alone.  I did not realize that I was suffering long term depression.  I am only on day four of taking this medication, and already I can feel a difference. I don 't feel as moody or down in the dumps.  I hope this effect continues, as my past self was breaking my family up. I do agree with other posts here that it decreases your appetite.  I do not feel like eating at all.  As for sleeping goes, I have always had a problem in this area due to being a shift worker. I take sleeping tablets.
I had this BC for about 5 months. Pros: Didn 't getting pregnant, no periods, no acne Cons: major weight gain. I decided to take it out because it began to irritated my arm....it scarred my arm the first time it was inserted and scarred it when I took it out. Will try something else
I 'm 41 and was prescribed provera because on August 23 of this month will be 3 months I haven 't had my period! I have been reading about it like crazy! My test results came back normal! Can someone tell me that after the 10th day on the pill I will get my period! I have severe headaches and bloating!
To start with I am in the UK and for me is an effective Asthma controller, it works but; lets talk side effects: The first thing that occurred was the hallucinations, it was like being on LSD. My libido disappeared. I started to get angry very quickly and am now intolerant of the most stupid things. Short term memory loss has become a severe problem; My eyesight has worsened very quickly and I get eye infections easily. On top of all that, my throat has become so bad, (potential Candida) I can no longer sing in public - it would have helped had I been told to rinse after every use. Having seen the official list of side effects, for all its good this has got to go.
This is my 3rd month on Adderall.  I take two 30 mgs per day.  It 's great for the first week that I get them filled, but after that, I don 't get that &quot;good&quot; feeling that most people get the 1st time they take Adderall.  But, my grades are up, I have plenty of energy and I think they work well.
Only been using this for 3 weeks. Started mercaptopurine Aug 30th at 25mgs daily for 2 weeks. Went up to 50mgs daily Sep14th. I take it at bedtime. Some body aches, dizziness, abdominal bloating. Blood work every 2 weeks. Will rate this medicine again in a couple of weeks.
I found it to be about as effective as Zyrtec, but it made me extremely drowsy. I tried only a half dose each time, and could barely get out of bed the next day. It works fairly well, but for me it 's not worth the side effects.
I suffer from anxiety and have tried several medications in the past. I just started using Buspar 5mg twice daily. I notice in the morning, I am dizzy and have vision problems, it goes away after about 30 mins and I find it is helpful to eat when I take it, as side effects are not as bad. I do like it as I am not as high strung throughout the day, my kids have noticed a big difference in my mood. I 'm going to give it a bit longer.
Lexapro did help my depression and anxiety, but I had a lot of strange side effects while on it. I believe it made my blood read &quot;pre-diabetic&quot; when I never in my life had a history of that. As soon as I got off, my blood went back to normal. I also became severely anemic-again, could be a coincidence, but when I went off, my blood was fine. It also made me feel confused mentally. Some weight gain as well. I have tried so many antidepressants, and I  get so many side effects. It 's a shame, because my depression is back with a vengeance.
Injection wasn 't painful. Only sore a day or two. Spotting everyday for the first month, no period at all the second month, spotted every day the third month, stopped for a week and spotted for another 3 weeks straight. I 've gained 22 lbs, 15 being in the first two months. I was losing baby weight and then it just stopped once I had this inserted. I always feel bloated.
Make sure to take it early in the morning when you have just wake up because you will be awake for hours. Do not take it before sleep like I did, unless you want to stay awake until 6 am following day. Other than that it works
After 10 days on Levaquin, my sinusitis is better but the side effects are killing me. My mouth is so dry and I 'm having horrendous dreams that are so vivid and disturbing. I can 't wait for the cycle to be over.
I 've been on the pill for 4 months I was on the pill but was taken off because I suffer severe migraines and have family history of blood clots, I also have POCOS and my doctor said this is better for me. The first shot I got I bled severely 2 days after and was in so much pain and got hormone therapy and that helped and than got spotting few weeks later and that lasted on and off got my second shot just over a month ago no bleeding for 3 1/2 weeks and now I 've been bleeding lightly on and off the last 2 weeks only old blood but hopefully this will stop soon apart from that no side effects other than some pimples. Hopefully my body gets use to it by 3-4th shot and the bleeding stops for good.
I got pregnant after taking a plan b . I had an accident 12/05 took the plan b 12/06 and conceived. I guess I was that unlucky 5% or it was really meant to be .
I am 48 &amp; have OA in both thumbs, neck, lower back, both hips, both feet,  &amp; both SI joints. I am prescribed Norco 10 's 4x/day &amp; Zanaflax at night. This is the 2nd time my pain management dr has given me samples of Duexis. It is simply Pepcid &amp; Ibruprofin so im not sure as to why some people would say it 's so bad,  unless they are have a drug interaction with whatever else they are taking. As for me it didn 't help anymore than just taking any other OTC pain reliever. On this 2nd time after starting my feet &amp; ankles have been swollen. I 'm gonna stop taking it for a while &amp; see what happens. Might just be a vein issue. My ins would not cover (medicaid of course)
This works much better than anything. It made me stay asleep longer as well.
I had recent foot surgery and experienced nerve discomfort while in the hospital. I was started on Neurontin which did help my nerve discomfort about 80% and made me very sleepy for the first week. After that I experienced insomnia which I found more distressing than the nerve discomfort. I am currently in the process of weaning  myself off this med.
I have been on Ortho Tri Cyclen for almost nine months. I had to switch from Ortho Tri Cyclen Lo because my insurance no longer covered it but I had zero problems with that birth control. Within the first three months of Ortho Tri Cyclen, I didn 't notice any significant changes, however, over the last six months I gained 9 pounds. My weight has been consistent for the last six years until I started this pill. Other than weight gain, I haven 't had any major issues but I will be switching pills due to weight gain.
I take progesterone 100mg one a day and estradiol 1mg one a day. I have bad headaches, and start bleeding again when my period stop almost 2 years ago. My hot flashes slowed down but still there. Am I suppose to do these things? I need to know more from someone who takes those meds.
I have recently gotten paragard on 9/27/16 and so far I 've had light spotting and cramping did hurt when getting it inserted considering it was the second one directly behind the first one due to the first one not being placed high enough I 've also never had kids I had the skyla iud for about 7 months and did not do well with it due to cramping and terrible acne hoping better luck with this due to no hormones can 't speak on effectiveness yet since I 've only had it 7 days also haven 't had my first cycle with it yet or anything in terms of that will update again a little later
I 've  gained  about 20 lbs in the past 3 months, a cup size &amp; have tender breasts, but no other side effects. Was switched to this pill for my polycystic ovarian syndrome after using Lo Loestrin Fe for over year and had a lot of breakthrough bleeding. I used the Lo Loestrin in combination with Premarin until my doctor decided to switch me over.
Been very helpful been using for 15 years I had to double the dose and I may have to double it again
This medicine always does what it is supposed to do. My only problem is that it causes severe cramps. 
I 've been feeling real down so my doctor told me to take budeprion. I feel much better, I 'm happy and taking one step at a time. I can now get out of bed.
Not long on it
I was diagnosed with bi-polar disorder in the early 90 's. Tried all kinds of anti-psychotic medicines, Zyprexa is the the one that has helped me the best. I feel tired and emotionless but I am pretty sure that it is better than what my family goes through when I am not on it.
600 mg three times a day. I was taking Gabapentin for 3 years but I stopped it because it has too many side effects, including numbness on my whole body, weight gain is a major fact, more headache than usual, sleepy, tired, active but with a tingling sensation on my tongue and so on, depression when I didn 't take it, intolerable, anxiety, sweats, withdrawal symptoms, but it does help with pain and many things but the consequences of it are horrible. Memory loss is another fact, definitely, is a very dangerous medication.
Worked very well for bladder control (hopefully. Not too well for those that develop too much flow restriction).To beware of:Dry mouthLoss of interest in sexInability to have an erection
I 've been on methadone linctus for 27 years now. The dose has varied as the roundabout of doctors &amp; care workers has come and gone from 50ml [1mg to 1 ml] right up to 140ml. It for me ha sbeen a chemical ball and chain holding me to a chemist and a doctor. It rots your mind and body away slowly. I wish they had just given me pharmaceutical heroin and be done with i. Methadone in my opinion is the most vile drug. use subutex always. I am too old now and it wasn 't about when I started to take it from one who knows. Subutex is the way to go
I have been on Azor 10/20 for my blood pressure for a year or so now. Just as a lot of other have said the drug works on contact. It has kept my levels down, But I started losing my hair at the same time. The worst part is I cut my hair off once I started noticing it was falling out because I thought It was coming from me not taking care of it well enough. Azor does not have hair loss listed as one of the side affects. Once I started losing my hair in patches I did more research &amp; saw that their were others having this same problem w/ Azor. On top of that I was having muscle pain in my arm every night which was causing my husband &amp; I to stay up. I finally made an appt with my primary to switch off this drug. Good drug, two many side affects
Thank God for Imitrex. The first tablet I took stopped the headache and didn 't have any side effects the first time. The next time I took it I felt shaky. The only side effect that I get from Imitrex is jaw pain. But at least my migraines are no longer in my back. Just make sure that if you are needing two 100mg tablets a day for several days in a row and you still aren 't getting relief. Consider a preventive or have a backup. I don 't have nearly as many headaches anymore.
I have obsessive compulsive disorder that seems to be increasing under the influence of Zoloft.  If I miss a dose I have a really bad day, so I try not to.  The Zoloft has helped my depression significantly though, so that is some relief.  It is not the right medicine for me. 
I have had the Implanon since February 2011, it comes out in February 2014. I love it because I have not gotten pregnant but did have some issues with bleeding a lot.  Went to Dr and they put me on a 3 Month supply of the pill to get it regulated and after 2 months it was fine had 1 period since December 2012. My only negative to it is ABSOLUTELY NO SEX DRIVE and it 's making my husband think I 'm not attracted to him anymore and that it not the case at all so I 'm going to have it taken out a little early and try something different.
I was 13 when i got my first epiduo, i suffered from serious painful burning on my cheek/chin, it was so bad,i couldnt wear foundation,moisturising cream because it stung because it felt like it scraped loads of my skin off, i have been using it for about  1-2 months and i cannot see a differance,the doctor said its the best going spot treatment, i wouldnt really reccomend it,and im on my 2nd perscription of epiduo now
I 've taken Flexeril off and on since  'late  '98 when I was (mis)diagnosed with muscle-spasms (ER trip was due to a kidney stone). Flex was great at relieving muscles spasms for 7 out of 10 days Rx-d. I took it for all 10 days, tho ' the low-back spasms were gone after day 7--the kidney-stone-pain, however, remained.I 've been taking it &quot;as needed&quot; (having fractured my T12 or L1 vertebra when I was 8, herniated discs, etc--at this writing, I 'm 59) for about 6 months, per my PCP. After the first bottle, I told him about the soporific/zombie effects and he now requires me to take it only when I go to bed to sleep.Flex has a 1/2 life of 18-23 hours. Thus, it doesn 't wear off fast. A bit of Melatonin helps me get better-than-zombie sleep. :)
Very expensive 700dls
I have been on trinessa for about 10 months. I will say that as far as birth control goes it 's pretty effective. My periods were basically 3ish days long and were super light AND most importantly I never got pregnant!! That being said I was extremely moody and went through a pretty bad depression. After reading some reviews I now realize that there are plenty of women who have had similar experiences. I 've been off of trinessa for about a month now and my mood has had a drastic improvement. Now on to looking for a new birth control.
First and foremost you nee to see a specialist.  Note that with the introduction of outside or additional testosterone your natural production can slow, and or shut down.  This is why you need HCG.  HCG keeps your natural testosterone in production even with the introduction of extra testosterone.  Also a good estrogen blocker pill is recommended to keep test from aromatizing into estrogen.  To sum it up you need all of the following1. Androgel2. HCG- keeps natural testosterone producing, 3. Anastrozole Pills-Stops Testosterone from being converted to Estrogen
You have to be very careful taking this drug! I know the days with Roxy 's were  hell but I can 't remember which is worse !It 's just another drug! I remember when I first got on it I was so excited because I was living a life of hell but 5 years later it is nice not to go to the street and I actually have a doctor but that 's the only advantage. I 'm still addicted to drugs is a tough pill to swallow !pun very intentional
I wanted to like this medication since it starts working within minutes compared to the days that nasal corticosteroids take to work. Unfortunately it would seem I 'm in the small percentage that experiences pretty severe nasal burning/irritation from azelastine. I can 't keep from blowing my nose to get it out of me as fast as possible.
I started taking Zoloft over a year ago, and at first it improved my mood 90%.  That was senior year of high school.  Then I started college, my increased stress also had me increase my dose from 50-75 mg.  Since then I have gained 45 lbs, had a severe decrease in my sex drive, and upon increasing to 100mg, have been so apathetic and just not wanting to do anything.  I am 19.  Shouldn 't really happen for me.  For some people it works great, for me, I 'm just going cold turkey from here out.
I was taking Percocet for some 6 years and I felt it was time for a change. I was put in Norco 10-325, same level as the Percocet I was taking.The first dose gave me a pleasant high and seem to be effective on the pain.....but....about one hour later, u became horribly nauseated...and vomited up the medication!Future doses proved the same results. This went on for @ 10 days,even with an empty stomach. I tried Dramamine, water pills, Bonine, Metzlicine, but no matter what, it made me horribly nauseated!, in addition to that, I felt very lathorgic, brain dead, and my sense of taste and smell seem to elude me.although it did release the pain, the side effects superceded the benefits. I am now back on my Percocet 10-325.
I switched from Depro shots to Nexplannon because we were moving.  I have been bleeding almost non-stop for 8 months. I had it removed today.  It took me almost two months to see a new gyno after the first appointment &quot;mistake&quot; of not being able to remove the thing.
Worked well the first two weeks then started to lash out on anger: Irritability. The drug made me a little depressed and fearful. I did have more energy and the delusions calmed down a bit. Still hearing those darn voices in my head though.
I 'm rating this 5/10 because, well, it prevented pregnancy.  It was cheap and easy to use, I used it back to back to prevent periods, too.  I took it for about 8 months.  Right away, I had trouble eating foods, especially in the morning.  Even things I liked to eat, cereals, fruits, etc., I couldn 't stomach.  By month 5 I had  chronic nausea, heartburn, indigestion, upset stomach.  There was hardly anything I could eat that wouldn 't make me sick.  In the beginning of month 8 I was diagnosed with gallbladder disease.  I stopped taking Portia and my symptoms disappeared within a week so I was able to cancel my surgery.   I 've been on various birth control continuously for over 7 years.  I have never had problems before. 
I have been taking the generic, Venlafaxine for about 6 years. My doctor settled on 75 mg once daily, as increasing the dosage makes my hands tremble. It is not nearly as effective as it once was. Withdrawals for this medication are hellish. I ran out of pills on a few occasions and felt like I was losing mind. I really would like to slowly taper off and eventually be free of this medicine.
I have only used this medication once and it was amazing for controlling my appetite, even better than phentermine. However, I have migraines and am being treated for them with Topamax. I had a mild headache before taking the Bontril and after taking the Bontril the headache only got worse throughout the day. My energy and mood was terrific, appetite was suppressed. I had total control of what I ate all day and night. When night came, I was in terrible pain with my migraine. None of my usual rescue medicines worked (Imitrex). I was getting nervous, come bedtime, I was restless, could not sleep, had a terrible migraine all night long, like the Bontril wouldn 't wear off. I almost went to urgent care for my head since Imitrex was not working.
I 've been on Cymbalta for almost 6 months.  I started off with the 60mg doses and I felt great (first 3 months).  The first few days I was sleeping constantly and felt completely out of it (giddy, glazed over etc).  Side effect outside of the first couple weeks was limited to orgasms taking forever.  My depression still seems to be up and down but my anxiety levels and ability to control OCD related thoughts has been wonderful.  Feels good to have less &quot;noise&quot; upstairs in the brain department. I 'm currently on 120mg and asking my Doctor to adjust as I 'm still feeling depressed.  Sleep wise I get up extremely early but fall asleep fine and seem to be much more motivated than I used to be.
Started 75mg twice daily yesterday for nerve pain in my legs and fibromyalgia after back surgery two months ago. While it almost eradicates my pain the dizziness and high feeling are limiting what I can do.
I got this birth control in February (now it 's April) and I have noticed this pill has had a few side effects. One being I 'm always tired and get tired out really easily which is annoying because I 'm always sleeping when I want to be with friends, another is  nausea I will feel sick occasionally and have headaches, and the last is being SUPER emotional, I will cry for no reason and I believe it has made me a little depressed. I 'm hoping this will all blow over if not I 'm getting a new pill.
My experience of champix is, it has slowed my smoking down significantly. So I would have a smoke and I could only have half before it started to taste yuck. I don 't mean the extra long cigarettes. This to me is like 4 puffs before it can 't have any more. Yesterday was my first day that I quit. I have quit previous but this time I hope it 's for good. Champix makes me feel more controlled but I also vomited up my dinner because the nausea was so bad. But other than that I have no problems. The dreams are epic
I have been taking first Ambien and then Ambien CR for many years. I have had major difficulty in falling asleep and staying asleep. Although both medications work, I cannot function typically the day after. Furthermore, both need to be taken right before bedtime and no sooner. Amnesia and sleepwalking were major issues to the point where my doctor told me to stop taking both.My physician offered Silenor as an alternative. He told me I could take this everyday and although I didn 't really need to, no addiction potential for Silenor. Also, none of those nasty side effects like amnesia and sleepwalking. I can remember going to sleep, staying asleep, and waking up without feeling sluggish. Silenor has been good to me.
I 've been on this pill for 8 months. I 've always been overweight but I 've significantly changed my lifestyle, going to the gym consistently for the first time ever, yet I 'm gaining weight. Ugh. Other side effects: anxiety, panic attacks, mood swings, weird, vivid, and often sexual dreams, I sleep so much (10 hrs/night), loss of sex drive. Headaches and disturbed sleep which were extremely rare for me before. Also my blood pressure was 140/89 the other day and I 've never had high blood pressure! I was compelled to read reviews after that and I see some people had the same issue. This is the first pill I 've been on so I thought &quot;maybe this isn 't so bad&quot; but now, writing out all of my side effects, I 'm seriously considering stopping this pill.
Been on Otezzla for about 6 months. The first few months I thought my prayers had been answered. My skin cleared up by 75 percent in 3 months. I have psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis.  My pain had decreased as well. I did have stomach issues, severe headaches and major pressure in my ears and can hardly hear! The medication has quit working. Not clearing up my scales or itching at all! And the pain! The pain in my fingers,  elbows and feet is worse than ever. I 'm up all during the night from joint pain, now have nerve pain in my feet and cannot open a bottle of water in the mornings. Very sad this didn 't work out because I refuse to take immune suppression medication.
Diagnosed with acid hitting my throat (LPR). Have a small  stomach hernia that is not allowing sphichter to close. It was a rough 6 month till I was diagnosed. 3 Doctors insisted I had allergies. Found another Doctor that finally that advised I had &quot;silent acid reflux&quot;. Have cut out all the usual foods that cause more acid but in my case, my ears hurt (they tell me you have lots of nerves through the throat that go up to the ears and sinuses). Symptoms are: burning ears, flaring up through the sinuses, pain in the back of the neck up through the top of the back of my head. Have been on Nexium for 3 months. It helped but flaring returns 10-50%. Have come off Nexium to do the tests on how my GI is working. Nexium helped but lots of side effects.
I used this to stop a bad feeling with a bad odor when I burp. This has helped and I have had no reaction that was negative so far.
I 've been on this for two months and its okay. I think its probably the best form of hormonal birth control just because it has a lot lower levels than other hormonal birth control options. It 's nice not having to take a pill every day, but sex with this is uncomfortable for me so I have to take it out every time. Noticeable side effects: much more weepy, I cry over the most ridiculous things, breasts got bigger (one good thing), much much more prone to acne, so I have to watch what I eat, my sex drive has officially died. I used to be crazy for my boyfriend, now I don 't want to bother. I 'll be getting off this and going back to condoms if I don 't get a sex drive soon.
Took it for the 1st time last night for insomnia I 've had for 4 months. Also have anxiety, panic and drug induced akathasia. My pdoc said give it a try.Scared of side effects, but took last night only 3.75. Went to sleep within 30 minutes but woke up probably 6-8 times between 10 and 5am. Went back to sleep every time but the last but not great sleep. Of course I 've been averaging about 2 hours sleep a night so not horrible. Woke up with flu like symptoms, even feeling like pneumonia. Nervous because I have auto immune disease and there are many lymphatic side affect possibilities. Akathasia seems slightly better tonight along with the anxiety. Akathasia is hell and have seen this as an off label use (it can also cause it).
I 've been on Epclusa for a week now and now feel no side effects whatsoever. I did ,however, have some for the first few days. Once I got used to the medicine they went away. I am very thankful to be covered by insurance for this medicine. It 's a good and bad thing. My doctor told me it would only be covered if my liver is in bad shape. Well it 's covered ,which is great, but means my liver is fried. Here 's hoping for a cure and for all of you guys as well!
I have been on Tivicay for close to 4 weeks now. I was previously taking Atripla for about 5 years and we switched to Tivicay. I have not been feeling so well on this. I experience headaches frequently, faintness, and moments of memory loss. I am switching this medicine as soon as possible
Like a previous commenter, I have been suffering from Trigeminal neuralgia for years but thought I had dental issues. I even had a root canal that I didn 't need. Then my pain moved into my face and I 've been miserable since. I found tremendous relief on Carbatrol, but developed a severe allergic reaction to it and had to be taken off it. Now I take Gabapentin, and today my doctor added Lyrica and I can 't seem to get any relief. Has anyone tried any of the surgical options to get rid of this horrible, painful disorder?
The very next morning after I started taking this birth control I started very heavy bleeding which was accompanied by big thick clots.  I started it at my 6 week post partum appaointment after seeing Dr and every thing was clear and looked good. I had not been bleeding at all. I am exclusively breastfeeding so only reason I decided to take this one.  I have no doubts of its effectiveness of preventing pregnancy, but I have only ever had a baby when trying. I think personally for me the side effects were too much. I was effected by so many of them in such a short time. Increased hunger,  non stop bleeding,  sore breasts, breaking out on face,  and I 'm 30yo, don 't need that. Seen dr again and no problems still, just pill.  I stopped and very next day bleeding stopped
Today (6/21/17) I went into planned parenthood where I scheduled a change in birth control. From the depo shot to mirena. The depo shot has so many side effects that I had been dealing with for 3+ years now so I was ready for a change. I go in expecting to get mirena when the Dr tells me they don 't carry it anymore but that Liletta was pretty much the exact same. Another option was I believe Skyla. I haven 't had a period in 3 years being on the depo shot and wanted to keep it that way which was why I wanted mirena. Many women end up not having one at all. She told me skyla I would have a period for sure but Liletta there was a possiblility I wouldn 't. Getting it inserted was the worst pain I 've ever endured in my life. Honestly.
I 've been battling depression for quite a while now. It all started after a cancer diagnosis. I 'm currently a survivor but feel extremely depressed after my long time boyfriend left me. I feel extremely lonely without him and couldn 't cope with life. I would think about suicide day and night so I realized I needed help and decided to take Wellbutrin. Good thing is that it gave me lots of energy and was able to focus better but the downside was that I couldn 't sleep. I 'm looking for another medication now.
I am on Lexapro for my anxiety and depression. I am on 10mg at first and it helps me to decrease my anxiety. Now I am on 15mg and there seems to be no effect ! I am really confuessed  now! Because the medication is making me gain weight and my heart feels weird
It never fails, this medicine works well, but it also leaves me with a yeast infection.
This medication DOES work, I will give it that-however, the side effects are driving me insane.  It makes me feel so wired, I have been taking it for 3 days now and have not slept more than 8 hours total. I am so tired all I want to do is sleep. Doctor said this is the only medication that will work for what I have so I guess I have to get through it for 4 more days! 
I had the Lilttea placement today about 4 hours ago. I am going to make this a basic first day review and I promise to update going forward. Placement went well, slow deep breaths, I talked to keep me focused. Insertion took under 5 minutes and was on par with vaginal exams from the past, no pinch/stabbing. Note, I have a backward tilted uterus and cervix, makes it hard to get to. I 've had two babies, non medicated vaginal deliveries, so my pain tolerance is higher than most so I would expect the worst and hope fot the best. I had it done half way through my period. I will track my bleeding and see what changes. So far, mild to bad cramps that went away with a hot bath and ibprofin. So excited to hopefully not get pregnant again. So is hubs
This med makes me feel better but does nothing to hit the excessive amount of dopamine in my frontal lobe. This causes me so much frustration. The only thing anti-psychotics ever dealt with was my parietal lobe. Hello! It is &quot;supposed to&quot; clear up my entire brain not just a little bit. I can 't function with just a little bit better.
I have been taking 20mg of Parnate every day for a little over a month now after finally convincing my Psychiatrist to prescribe it. I really can 't say how effective it has been in terms of alleviating the symptoms of my depression. Diet restrictions have not really bothered me at all . No real physical side effects apart from extreme sun sensitivity. This REALLY bothers me because I 'm extremely fair skinned and burn so easily - frequent, and I mean FREQUENT reapplications of sunscreen and sun avoidance are a must for me. Parnate has also decreased the effectiveness of benzodiazepines such as valium and imovane. This has been really frustrating because I also suffer from anxiety and insomnia.
Have been on citalopram for around 3 weeks for severe GAD. Physical symptoms of stress have lessened immensely, (all following symptoms were before citalopram- left shoulder no longer hurts, ribs and sternum no longer ache, no jaw ache, nausea and loose stools have lessened, heart rate is gradually stabilising, not as aggressive, don 't feel like I 'm having a heart attack, palpitations lessened, able to sleep) I do feel calmer, I 'm on 10mg daily, and will be slowly upping to 20mg. I still have no appetite ( have lost 3 st since July through anxiety) and I feel slightly nauseous every now and again. I 'm struggling with dizziness.I 've not really had any side effects on this, other than occasional waves of nausea in the beginning. Keep at it!
All I can say about this is, I 'm not pregnant. I got this terrible concoction put in less than 6 months ago. The insertion was excruciating. I cramped for days. My menstrual cramps are different, worse than ever. I never had periods before, Which was great. But now I get them monthly.I want it out due to pain, mostly.
take this medicine early in the morning same time everyday and youll feel much better
I 've been taking this pill since February and I 'm not a huge fan.  My mood swings have been terrible when I PMS and when I 'm not PMSing, I feel blah.  My sex drive has decreased and that is my main concern because not only am I more dry, but I started crying after sex because I felt horrible.  My boyfriend isn 't happy with it either.  I 'm switching to Loryna because it has a lower dosage of progestin that should make me happier but I 'm still nervous.
Made me tired in the beginning. Wouldn 't say I 'm cured, but I have so many more good days than bad.
When I first took this medication, I thought my anxiety would be forever over, and I would never have to rely on a benzodiazepine again. Unfortunately, I started getting such bad body shock feelings that I had to stop taking it.
I don 't want to bash this drug because it sounds like it is really good for a lot of people. Also, it is by far the best antipsychotic I have tried in terms of side effects and effectiveness. However, like all antipsychotics I 've tried so far (Seroquel, Abilify), it made me emotionally flat and unable to enjoy life. Being on it is better then being depressed, but it took away my ability to enjoy everything I used to (reading a good book, listening to music, looking beautiful scenery or paintings). I am switching over to Depakote, and I can already feel my life coming back as the Latuda goes down.
I was on the Depo shot for a little over a year and a half. At first I had a very long period (14 days for a few months when my period was generally about 3 days previously). Then I stopped having a period altogether. Its been a month since I was due for my shot. After reading online I was worried that I would be waiting months-year to get my period back after it however, I woke up today and thankfully got it. I 've never been so happy to get my period before. I guess I 'm one of those lucky few that get their period back as soon as they are off of it. 
Very effective in controlling OCD and associated panic disorder.  However, gained 70 lbs (not by changing eating habits, but it 's as though it raised my metabolic &quot;setpoint&quot;).  Decreased sex drive.  Despite the side effects, this medication has been a Godsend.
I had this birth control for about a year now at first I didn 't have my period for 6 months now I have bleeding almost everyday my period last up to 2 weeks I gained a lot of weight and I can 't seem to lose it no matter how hard I try I love that this birth control is good and it works but there is a lot of bad in it it causes mood swings a lot of bleeding I just don 't know if this is for me I had the IUD before this that was a nightmare now I just gotta see what other birth control I could try that won 't be making it take a pill everyday.
I 've been on Tri-Previfem going on my fourth month. I have noticed an increase in breast size, extra water weight, tenderness in breast along with nausea and headaches. It doesn 't seem to be cooperating with my body, but I haven 't gotten pregnant, which is good. I don 't get pimples as much as I used to, and I 'm more emotional. This is my first time on birth control, and I am not satisfied with it. I will be going back to my doctor for a change.
On day 5, not hungry but so tired I can barely function. Hopefully it will go away. Hate feeling tired and foggy.
This is my second time around on this. I took it about 3 yrs ago for a full year and totally loved it, hence why I got back on it. This time it was a much different experience. The 3 months I was on it was constant breakthrough bleeding pretty much every single day. About 8-10lbs weight gain (fairly active, in my late 20s, eat clean). Sex drive was non existent. No acne, thankfully. I also experienced some depression, never suicide but just down and blue most days. I am switching to Microgestin Fe 1/20 because OB said Lo Loestrin may have been too low of a dosage for me.
It cleared up my swimmers ear but gave me a rash.
Gained a lot of weight from these pills they made me moody they made me crave a lot of food also
This worked on my sinuses, however my heart rate increases so much that I feel jittery. The insomnia is a set back. The relief is great but I 'm not sure the things that go with it are worth it.Although my heart rate being up made me lose weight.
Before trying Bactrim, I had attempted a number of treatments. The last I had tried before it was Accutane, which I took for 5 months and which benefited me only for a short while. After my acne returned, my dermatologist suggested I try something different, and gave me a prescription for Bactrim. I was so happy as I didn 't break out when I started it and it had cleared the acne from my face for an entire year. This month however the acne returned and it couldn 't have done so at a worse time - I have planned a 2 month trip to South America with a group of friends. I can no longer rely on Bactrim and will need to find an alternative (I feel like I 've tried every  'solution ' there is).
I have had kyleena inserted for about a month now. It is really nice not having to remember to take a pill anymore, but Insertion was extremely painful for the whole day, I have been bleeding everyday since getting it put in. About every other day I have cramps and will get a very sharp pain in my uterus for 10 seconds to a full minute multiple times a day. I will keep it in for a few more months to see if the effects and bleeding reduce at all. All of the cramping and bleeding makes my sex drive drop quite a bit, I hope it gets better.
Prostate UTI asked not to be given Cipro as it can cause permanent tendon damage if you are doing repetitive movements. See CBC news article. They gave bactrim. It 's a poor substitute. Dizzy, tired, dry eyes, damn slow working. On day 4 of 7 not much better. Cipro is the one of choice for prostate in my experience to work well but it has it 's side effects too.
It works great if it works for you but if you have the problem where medication suddenly stops for no apparent reason then you could be in for a nightmare, like I was in for a whole year still going through it but not as bad. It more so numbs you that you don 't worry about your physical aspects of anxiety and works great for mood but if it &quot;poops out&quot; on you then be prepared to fight the withdrawals.
When I started taking Adcirca for pulmonary hypertension I experienced hallucinations and intense exhaustion. I stayed sleepy; I hardly spent any time awake the first two weeks I took this medication. After the first two weeks of taking Adcirca, the hallucinations and intense sleepiness went away. However, approximately a week after I started taking this medication I began having vivid nightmares and disorientation. I have been taking Adcirca for about two years and still suffer from the nightmares and disorientation. I have also experienced some of the more common side effects, such as; Flushing, Muscle Aches and Dizziness.As for the Pulmonary Hypertension, I have not experienced any noticeable changes.
I 'm a rare case; I currently am prescribed 180mg of Adderall (90mg IR &amp; 90mg XR). When this was raised to 240mg, I asked to try Dexedrine thinking that after a decade on Adderall, I had simply become tolerant to it. My doc put me on 120mg of Dexedrine. There was a noticeable decline in my focus, and my energy levels (not that 's why you should take stimulants) fell off the map. It was smooth. But for me, it was way too smooth. I remember taking 60mg one morning and then going for a hike. I couldn 't concentrate on a damn thing, and I was nodding off as I was walking. I guess I should have expected this going from such a high amount of Adderall to a lower dose of Dexedrine (which is absent of levoamphetamine). I would try it again though.
To be quite fair this pill works in a sense that I did not get pregnant. Becoming pregnant in this last month would be almout impossible for the fact I haven 't had the want or need to have sex in a month. I have no libido on this pill and my relationship is tanking. Along with no libido in a month I have gained weight, more acne than I 've had in years, my breast tenderness wasn 't as bad on this pill but it was still there. No nausea as I was expecting but I have no energy no matter how well I eat or go to the gym. Would not recommend this, save yourself and find something else.
I have been taking Hydroxychloroquine, 100 mg for several years off and on for chronic lyme which cranked up arthritis soon after being bitten approximately 50 times on the first exposure. This seems to help once my body has adjusted. Often I can feel that it must be working because it will seem to bring on a Herxheimer reaction now and then but overall, this drug has worked well for me.
I have been taking Belsomra for about 2 months now; but, not every night. My doctor took me off Ambien, which had worked GREAT for me with no side effects. I 've found that Belsomra works sometimes and sometimes not. If I eat anything at all an hour or two before going to bed, (and I 'm talking a very light snack), this med will NOT put me to sleep. I lie there for hours in a kind of twilight sleep, not being able to totally drift off. The next day it feels as if I haven 't slept at all. I cannot count on this med to help me sleep. It does work on some nights and I have not been able to find the trigger that makes it work some nights and others not? I 'm going to try it for a while longer; but, so far it 's not worth the high price!
Taken this birth control for 3 weeks now. Just started the period week with no period. My breasts have grown and were extremely sore for about 1 week. My face has broken out horribly in the last few days. In a matter of hours! I usually don 't get acne but this pill has caused horrible breakouts all over my face. It has also made my face oily. I will give this pill another month or so, hopefully this side effect will go away.
Prostatis with a 4 week round of Cipro which resulted in symptoms pretty much resolving. After being off for about a week, symptoms fully returned. Switched to Doxy for 4 weeks that did nothing. Back to Cipro for 4 weeks and at the 4th week, symptoms are again almost gone. Doctor gave another 2 weeks (total of 6) and hopefully the next 2 weeks will eliminate any bacteria left. Cipro seems to work, but need more than 4 weeks. Have had to put up with back pain and mouth/tongue soreness side effects from the prolonged use. Worth it if it does the job and side effects resolve after discontinue use.
While this med is fairly effective in the treatment of chronic pain, unless you plan to stay on it for the rest of your life you should not even consider taking it. Discontinuation of this medication has to be done under the supervision of a physician and the withdrawal is horrific, leaving one unable to function in a normal capacity for weeks, or even months. Most doctors don 't mention this. Some aren 't even aware of it. I urge you to be cautious in your decision to take Cymbalta. Google &quot;Cymbalta withdrawal&quot; first!
Took 75mg approx 2 years.  Began to to have hair loss and decided to stop med.  Titrated dose over 2 week period.  Severe withdrawal symptoms but determined to come off med.  Had extreme headaches, walked on tip toes almost 2 weeks because brain felt like it was bouncing against skull with every step I took.   Got better with time but now 6 months without med and I am having headaches and phantom smells.  Smelling cigarette smoke and we are smoke free family.  The smell wakes me sometimes and yesterday during church service was smelling smoke.   It seems more noticeable when air conditioning is running.  Doctor wanted to have head MRI done but insurance denied.Anyone else experience this?  Wish I had never swallowed the first capsule.
I just made the switch from Ambien to Lunesta because Ambien just wasn 't working for me anymore. I am not a regular taker, just on the odd occasion like traveling. But I took Lunesta for the first time last night and I DID fall asleep quickly but after about four hours I suddenly awoke. Then woke up again after another four hours WIDE awake! This was at 5 in the morning and I wasn 't ready to get up. I guess that is kind of a good thing because I didn 't feel groggy or sleepy at all. I lay there and finally drifted off for a couple more hours and then I had a weird dream. The metallic taste is the only side effect I have noticed. 
I have recently been told I have very early Parkinsons.  Since then I 've been on Azilect. I have not experienced any side effects.  However, the symptoms (finger movements) have not improved.  I have been told that Azilect slows down progression, therefore, alone it does not address the systems.
I 'm 17 and I went on depo for very heavy bleeding. Like so heavy I would go through a super plus tampon and over night pad in less then a hour. I had the first shot about a month ago and it was fine a little pain but all shots do and now a month later a got my period much lighter for 11 days which is very long for me then there was a 1 day break and now it started again so in total I have been on my period for 15 days I can 't even go to school because the bleeding is very unpredictable its heavy one minute and lighter the next there is also large palm size. Clots never had those before and the cramps sent me to the ER thinking I was having an appendix attack.  I never had cramps this bad before.  Don 't know whats going on but I am not happy
I had unprotected sex on April 30, one day after my period had ended, and took EllaOne the next morning. I didn 't have any side effects at first, except some spotting, but after about 2-3 weeks I experienced medium cramps mainly on the right side of my abdomen (about where the ovary would be I guess) that got more intense after exercising. The cramps lasted for about four days, but I 'm still experiencing mild discomfort in my lower tummy from time to time. I freaked out and took a pregnancy test (20 days after having unprotected sex), which came back negative. My period is due in a few days and I 'm hoping all is well, since I 'm going on a month-long trip in a week...
Ever had salmonella? Want to experience the symptoms on your own? Try this stuff! Seriously though, I took it around 9 pm and woke up around 3 am with severe abdominal cramping. I became extremely nauseous but decided to try and sleep it off. At 6 am I awoke and ran to the bathroom where my bowels made sounds that can only be described as something from the depths of hell. I had extreme diarrhea which lasted for fifteen minutes and the abdominal cramps continued throughout. The extreme emptying of my bowels due to diarrhea has continued, along with the cramping. I 've only ever experienced this pain and diarrhea once before, when I had salmonella. I 'm giving this a 5 on the rating scale because technically it does the job.
At first the burning was intense ( from using the pills) it later decreased. After day 7 , I had the worst case of bacterial vaginosis. I have stopped using the 10 mcg inserts.
I was so upset to hear that my insurance no longer covered ortho era. I absolutely loved that patch! I never had any side effects and it even decreased my appetite to where I lost a decent amount of weight over the year I was on it. Unfortunately, I 'm about to start my 3rd patch of this one and have had terrible experience with it so far. I love the ease of only having to change it once a week but the symptoms so far aren 't worth it. I have bloating, constipation, headaches, tiredness, tender breasts, terrible mood swings/depression, acne, and I 'm constantly craving sweets! I 've been eating like a total hog. I plan on sticking with it, hoping that the symptoms will subside. I will update after a few months of taking it if my symptoms get any better.
I was on this drug after a traumatic experience that brought my anxiety up further than it ever had been. It helped take the edge off for the first few weeks during the summer, yet after a month into university when everything became stressful again, I stopped seeing results. I went up to 50mg after being on 25mg and I felt absolutely awful. I felt like I was trapped in a box but had to cary the weight of it everywhere. Functioning became harder and harder and I wasn 't myself. I went back down and immidietly felt like I did after being on no medication. However at this point I started feeling depressed and suicidal, things that are not usual for me. Now I am beginning to try Fluvoxamine and hopefully it can fix what Zoloft caused.
This made my skin look beautiful! Within 2 weeks, I had a noticeable improvement in my skin. Only issue was the severe mood swings it would give me (which is why I 'm not on it). I would cry for no reason and would lash out at others). I noticed how upset I would get and did not like feeling that way.
I took the medication for two years as a teenager. It stopped the seizures but I lost all my energy and put on 40 pounds.  Once I stopped Depakote, I nearly lost all the weight within 2 months.
I have been on this anti-depressant for many years and while it has helped me to sleep, I have had really bad tinnitus, so I won 't be taking it again.
Effective for stopping migraine but headaches and other side effects don 't make it an effective remedy,  muscle pain, sleep apnea, stomach upsets even though I take omeprazole.  I was much happier taking imigran when I got a migraine rather than taking these tablets, and shall be seeing my doctor to ask about other possible medication that doesn 't impose on my wellbeing as much,
I was given this to treat anxiety after buspar failed to work. It failed to work treating anxiety, but really knocks you out. The first time I took it to relieve anxiety I was asleep in 30 minutes all drowsy and knocked out. I awoke groggy, and wondered what in the hell happened to me.
I have dropped my vial (3 different occasions) and broken them. That is over $700. out of pocket. I am sure I am not the only one this has happened to. I believe either plastic container or rubberized coating over the container could help to prevent this. The pen form is more expensive than the vials so that won 't work. I consider use a &quot;1&quot;.
After started taking medication I have dry cough, chast heaviness and ED. Even when my primary doctor said it has no side effects
I have been on this pill for only two weeks now.  I absolutely can not get full and I want to eat everything.  Before I got back on the pill I had been losing weight and could control my eating, but now I can 't get enough.  I have gained 4lbs in just 2 weeks.  My mood is terrible so far, unhappy and tearful most of the time.  I had taken this birth control years ago but I don 't remember having any problem then.
I take 45mg of mirtazapine! It helps me fall asleep but I still wake every 1 1/2hours or so, it has helped with my depression but like other users my appetite has gone through the roof.
I have been taking Geodon for 2 weeks yesterday 20mg x 2. And this is my first day on 40mg x 2 . So far I can 't tell if in manic or getting better.  I 'm getting a lot more done and feels like manic.  I don 't mind. But you hope it lasts I have been in a ....dark?... depression for almost 3 years ( and had 2 children), so now I 'm just happy to be motivated to do anything at all. I 'm really happy 
Took it for about a month and a half after being diagnosed with SVT.  No episodes but had 2-3 episodes of fuzziness/confusion  while trying to work.  Dr switched me to Diltiazem.
This medication does help with my anxiety, but after about an hour I 'm so tired. I have trouble staying awake, and then I sleep on and off for half the day. On a better note though it does help me control my anxiety attacks.
It was fantastic when I started taking it, I finally felt myself after 3 years of feeling possessed or going crazy...after 3 years of taking it I started to have cysts behind my ears, in my face, especially in the chin, and when I realized it was lamictal that was causing it I stopped it. I still have cysts, I was told it 's an allergic reaction on my skin to the drug. Now, after 2 years not taking it the cysts are appearing still but not as fast or defacing as it was. I read on forums the condition could never cure, but I am seeing good progress on my skin. It was a nightmare, it even gave me cysts on my scrotum. The body is slowly expelling them, but very slowly. I also have 3 cysts on my left nipple and I think those will need surgery.
I have been using Taclonex for about 10 months. It seems to do some good for a week or so at a time, then things flare up as it seems like I have been using nothing. It just is not very consistent. 
I 'm a 21 year old who has never given birth and had skyla inserted yesterday. Honestly if I had it my way I would 've stuck to the pill! But as I 've recently been  put on medication that severely decreases the effects of hormonal birth control, IUD it is! I took the 800mg of Advil (and a klonopin) an hour before. This definitely was not a fun experience for me. And I don 't say this to scare anyone, the pain is definitely uncomfortable, but my body went into shock after all the anxiety and I wound up almost passing out and throwing up. My doctor handled it great though, did an ultrasound to make sure my discomfort wasn 't due to anything messed up. Some people have strong reactions some don 't. Just know your body, 24 hrs later and I 'm all good!
I 've had an up and down experience with Jolivette. The first week was a bit rough with some dizziness, increase in appetite, and slightly more emotional. However, those initial symptoms disappeared within the first month. What 's been driving me crazy is my period. It came a week after I began the pill (I also was incredibly emotional the day my period came). Then I had two weeks off before it came again. And again. And again. Three months on Jolivette and my periods are becoming longer (7+ days from 4 days) and with only 4 or 5 days in between. And recently my hair has started growing in straight after being solidly curly. I recently went off it and still got my period right on schedule as if I was still on it!
I rate this bc a 5 because right now I 'm not sure what 's going on. I started on Aug 30 first day of my period on a Sunday.  In between then and now haven 't noticed too many side effects other than feeling sensitive. There 's only 21 days on the pack my period last about 6 days once I started. Its the end of the pack and I started spotting early this week on A Monday the 15 and still bleeding and it 's Saturday. It 's light but of course it 's not like my normal cycle. There 's a lot of cramping.  But I don 't like that I haven 't finished the pack and bleeding already so I 'm just really unsure if I want to continue.
4 1/2 Months into taking INH. Just got back from the doctor and my liver enzyme levels are over twice the normal! I Have only starting feeling the side effects in the last couple of weeks. slight liver pain, yellow urine, vomiting etc. I think for the most part though I did it to myself as I did drink heavily 3 times over the last few months (I 'm a 21 year old male).  Going for check ups regularly to finish out the 6 months. If liver enzymes go above 3 times the norm, advise is to stop medication.
I must be far off from where I should be, hormone-wise, because I 've only been on this Medicine for one full day when I woke up extremely aroused. I 'm not taking this for libido,  but for depression. A nice side effect, although I imagine it will balance out soon.
I 've been taking this medication for three weeks. I have had some nausea, (when my body is telling me is time to eat). I could go all day without eating but my stomach will start to rumble telling me to eat. Yesterday I started the two in the morning and one at night,  but I became very anxious,  and jittery later in the day,  so today I went back to one in the morning and one at night,  because that is working well for me right now.  I 'm 5 '4 and I started at 206 pounds. Today I 'm 194 pounds. This medication will not take weight off, you have to eat healthy and exercise. I have totally made a life style change taking carbs,  and sugar out of my diet.  My body does not even crave sweets anymore.
I had been on Pristiq for about 1 year at 50mg. While on it, the feelings of depression and anxiety pretty much disappeared. However, after changing my lifestyle for the better and going off Pristiq I have been dealing with withdrawal side effects. It has been 4 weeks now and I still have the brain zaps which make me feel unsteady. These zaps have been continuous and extremely upsetting.  Add to this the deep states of sadness (mention the least sad thing and I would start crying) and the nightmares....it has been a very rough 4 weeks. For the last week I have had blood pressure swings from 110/60 to 218/111 and weakness in the large muscles of my legs and arms. For those going on or off, be careful!
Does it 's job but about 5 days in I 'm having extreme heart burn, chest and back pain. It 's really painful, worst I 've ever had I thought about going to the hospital but I 'm drinking some warm tea trying to take deep breaths
Been taking it for years. Not as effective as at first. I sleep maybe 4 hours, then wake. Take a 350 mg soma about 3am watch 30 min TV, awake at 6am like clock work. No groggy or med hangover though. Better than ambian or lunista. I can take a fist full of those and watch the middle of the night programming. Like others, never had a problem sleeping. I think interferon destroyed that ability, but I 'm alive and cured, so I 'll take a little insomnia. Hope this helps you!
I 've had crohn 's for about 6 years (age 25) and only 1 surgery so far. I started Humira about 7 months ago and was so happy with how well it worked &amp; how affordable! I went from probably my worst flare up ever to feeling 100% every day. However, I have been experiencing the most random side effects from it. I 'm seeing multiple different doctors right now for many different things and still don 't know if anything is actually wrong, but it sure feels like something isn 't right. Some of the side effects I 've experienced: severe skin rash on chest and back, sudden urge to urinate all the time, fatigue, headaches, muscle soreness, arms and legs easily going numb, and sweating A LOT..there 's more but I 'll spare you.
Helped with spasms, but can 't live with this heartburn. I have had heartburn 4 days straight. On this medicine for 10 days, have tried several kinds of antacids and nothing touches this. I have rarely ever had heartburn. I have to stop taking this.
I 'm 28 and was just diagnosed with Schizophrenia about a month ago. I was given Saphris, this is my first antipsychotic medication and it makes me immensely drowsy after 10 minutes. It slowed down the racing thoughts and negative ideas in my head in order to set aside my wants and needs and socially accept what is happening around me and what I need to do. Only down side so far is the intense drowsiness and that gnawing restless sleep feeling when I tried to go to sleep before my regular sleeping schedule. I can 't remember falling asleep at all due to the tossing and turning. I do recommend taking it when you 're 100% positive your going to sleep and not a moment sooner. Woke up calm and well rested. DAY 1.
No side effects that I 'm aware of.  Recently dose has been increased from 1 a day to 2 a day 120 mg XT as I have been having more frequently and longer durations of Atrial flutter/atrial fibrillation.
So, I 'm on month two of my pack and my acne, which wasn 't bad before I started taking the Pill, is out of control. I do tend to feel bloated more than usual, but my appetite is about the same. I do, however, feel as though I am gaining a bit of weight.
I have been using this pill since September. It is my first time using birth control pills. I am 30 with a beautiful son and my husband does not want any more kids. I spot most of the month. In October, I spotted the first week and a half. Then I began spotting again the last week. This is too much. I did not like being on my period before the pill and it was regular then. I have also had a break out in my face. I did not have acne this bad when I was a teenager. I am not sure if this pill is for me. If things do not change this month I will have to find another pill to try.
I 've had moderate, treatment resistant acne since I was about 14. I am now 21 and I started Claravis 14 weeks ago. I noticed my breakouts have been slightly worse for these first few months and I breakout around my mouth particularly bad and it looks like herpes and it 's very embarrassing. However my back/chest are completely clear (they had mild acne before) and my cheeks have been clearer than usual. I 'm hoping the pimples on my mouth will go away soon.
Lexapro seemed to do some things to help with the negative thinking I had from depression, but it had the side effect of making me extremely tired all the time, which was enough to counteract any of the positive benefits I was getting from it. Zoloft ended up being the better medication for me.
I started using epiduo around 3 weeks ago. I got it from my doctor for my oily skin. The first week my skin did get better. The bumps on my forehead had vanished. The next two weeks had the opposite results. I read that its usually gets worse before it gets better so I am hoping that is the case for me. I am breaking out on my chin a lot and middle forehead a bit. Epiduo retrains the skin and is drawing out the gunk in the pore that has been sitting there for quite a while.
I was on Depo-Provera shot for 5 years straight. I came off it for a couple of months but I went back on it again. It was of great convenience because I did not have to worry about taking an oral contraception and to just remember to get the jab every 3 months. That 's what lured me into getting it in the first place. I will admit that it was an excellent form of contraception as it stops you ovulating. My periods stopped completely. I didn 't get spotting or anything maybe I was a lucky few but there was some side effects that my body and mind did not like. I gained a lot of weight, three stones and I had really bad mood swings when I was on it and they just were not getting any better so I decided to come off it December 2009.
I have used Zonegran for headaches only.  It is the only thing that seems to have lessened them somewhat, but I still have headaches and they affect me cognitively.  I 'm mentally slower, have word-finding problems, my memory is bad, and my attention is terrible.  I 've tried to go off it on occasion, but my headaches get absolutely awful, so I stay on it.
Was on Ortho Novum 7/7/7 for about 8 years until my sex drive started plummeting, then I was on Microgestin FE 1/20 for 3 years before I started missing periods, which isn 't a horrible thing except for if you are in an intimate relationship and sexually active. So my doctor switched me to Aviane.  The first couple of months were going fantastic, but after that I noticed that I would cry and get emotional at the most ridiculous things and get more than my fair share of headaches. I 've never had this problem with any of my other birth controls and I was being called out by my boyfriend about the issue.  I 'm working with my doctor right now to switch to something else.  I guess the levonorgestrel hormone combination was just not for me.
I took plan B about 24 hours after the deed. I got pregnant. I think it works most of the time but not all the time! I ended up a statistic. Don 't rely on this for birth control!
I have been on Aveed for six month.5 weeks  After the 3rd shot I had blood work. My test levels are 400. Witch is pretty low. Before getting on Aveed.  I was on test cypionate.  2 injection per week of .5 ml each. My test level then where at 890 . Plus every time you get an injection you have to go to your doctor 'said office and stay under observation for 30 mn. So you get charge $35 for the shot and $50 for the injection. Cypionate with anastrozol for a month supply would only cost me $12.
I have been on Lutera (generic for Aviane) for about a year now. Since my last birth control caused extreme moodiness, decrease in sex drive, Lutera was a lot better with those side effects. My moods were a lot better, was not depressed and angry all the time like the last birth control. My sex drive was &quot;ok&quot; it wasn 't completely decreased but it could have been better considering I am 19. Lutera also caused an increased appetite and caused acne on my face when I never have gotten serious acne before... Overall, the birth control pill was ok... still in search for the right one for me.
Was diagnosed through a blood test at 231, after a month and a half I was at 900, still feel weak and tired. I have a better mood and don 't get upset easily anymore. My insurance leaves me paying $200 a month, so I 'm switching to the needle. I like the smell personally and people seem to like the smell of it too.
Cramps in hands fingers legs more, excessive hunger, weight gain 18 lbs. I also use novolog flexpen 3 times a day = 20 / lantus 1 at bedime = 46. Tiredness &amp; weak more so than ever, is constant. Bowel movements constantly different.
It COMPLETELY cleared up my face. Periods are about the same. My breasts have swelled. The only big issue I have with it is if I take it without eating I get extremely nauseous for a few hours.
I am diagnosed with Bipolar II disorder, and took Lexapro for a few years for my depression. At first in helped, but then it stopped working. I am now on Cymbalta.
Prescribed after 4th lumbar fusion fail.Helps with sleeping in a painful condition
I have just started this birth control, and have never taken anything else before. I started taking it the day after my Dr. prescribed it, instead of waiting until the recommended Sunday. I didn 't think it would hurt anything; but I 'm pretty sure I was wrong there. I was supposed to start my period right around the appointment date. I then started 4 days later and have yet to end. That was nearly 10 days ago. Also, I have never experienced cramps as badly as I did on this pill. I have never had children, but I swear I felt like I was having labor pains! The flow has been lighter than my normal period, just hasn 't gone away yet. I am hoping it is just my bodies way of dealing with the hormones. Guess time will tell.
I had very irregular periods, so my doctor put me on this pill to help regulate them. My periods come like clockwork now, which is very nice considering I 've never had that. They haven 't become lighter or shorter in length, which I was hoping for. They are still 6-7 days with heavy flow and lots of cramping. My acne has also increased a lot. I had some acne before taking the pill, but this is the deep kind that can take weeks to heal, which I rarely got before. I also have been pretty emotional since starting it, but I won 't entirely place blame on this pill as I stay pretty stressed regardless, but I think it could be related. I 'm going to switch soon most likely.
I am 20 year old and I started taking Microgestin in August of this year. I started gaining weight, breast getting bigger, retaining a lot of fluid , and mild hair loss. I didn 't notice any of this till now I 'm in my second month and my mom told me she can tell j have a lot of fluid in my body . My feet swelled up and all. My breast are really tender most of the time which I hate. My sex drive has increased which is a plus, and my periods last about 4 days. As far as the acne , it is crazy I went to the dermatologist and she told me this birth control is prone to acne , but maybe it might go away after a few months. I will come back and update you guys ! As everyone said side effects are different for everyone .
Not terrible, but not great. I 've only been on it for one month so far, but I 've been constipated, bloated, and my eyes have been bugging me/ I got nauseous for the first two weeks of use, to the point that I had to take prescription medication for nausea. There 's no difference in my skin (still pretty clear), and I get headaches periodically. I 've also had trouble concentrating. This did nothing for cramps either. I didn 't get pregnant, so I guess it 's doing it 's job, but I 'll probably switch to another brand.
While taking these supplements I thought that my iron levels would be excellent. However this was not the case I am below the recommended iron requirement.  I take a extra iron supplement plus my prenatal vitamin.  Besides this little problem I think this is a decent prenatal vitamin.
I have had episodes of depression throughout my life. I have been on ssri meds off and on. They never seemed to help and side effects were horrible, Tired lack of energy sexual side effects increased anxiety.  After my son was born I experienced the worst depression anxiety. After over 3yrs. I finally went to seek help and refused to take ssri meds. They first put me on buspar for anxiety which is a great alternative to other addictive meds. Then they added 150 mg. Welbutrin once in the morning. The first day I felt like I actually woke up for the first time in 3 years, had energy but after a week felt like it wore off too quick. I am being upped to 300my xl and hoping I 'll get better results. Still best med I 've ever tried!
I am 63 years old and have BHP which I controlled effectively for several years with Flomax and that family of medicines.  However, about 8 months ago, I began to suffer severe vertigo.  After several thousands of dollars of tests from a variety of specialists, I quit taking Doxazosin and that family of medicines and switched to Avodart.  The vertigo went away within a few days.  It took Avodart about a week to kick in and it is not as effective at improving flow as the others, but I can sleep all night without getting up.  However, as others have noted my libido plummeted to zero and I am not on testosterone replacement.  The two counteract each other and I just need to find the right mix that I am willing to live with.
I have constant mid-level depression and have also self medicated this with marijuana, helps a lot but only if you smoke all the time  so I decided to go to the docter and right away he started me off with 100mg zoloft and I just tried this for the next month, the first 2 weeks my emotions were uncontrollable happy, sad, angry, numb, energetic, then tired. So then after the 2 weeks I didn 't feel depressed really but didn 't feel happy either?just a neutral feeling. So i stopped and decided medical marjiuana works better for me.
I 've been on Seroquel for 5 years. I hated it at first because I was only in 7th grade, weighed only 130lbs and was on 900mg. When I first took it I slept for three and a half days. Now it gives me this horrible urge to eat and I can 't stop. A few years back it was lowered to 600mg (still a little to high for my liking) but it has helped with my bipolar and my impulses. It does actually help but avoid being on such a high dose.
Prescribed this after Effexor started wearing off after about 3 years. Started at 5mgs..it was working and I felt better than I had in YEARS but dose still too low..after 4 weeks doc upped dose to 10mgs. Felt like I was going to achieve remission. But into 3 week on 10 mgs...bombastic stomach pain! Not nausea..that 's to be expected. Not stomach aches. When I 'd take the pill, 10 minutes later, to get such a bad stomach pain to where I could not eat normally that entire day. Went back down to 5mg..but thoughts and sadness coming through. Tried 5mgs 2x a day...STOMACH PAIN. Back to 5mg but too low dose. Tried 10 mgs again..encased pill in bread to ease pain but seemed like the and normalcy went away and pain still there off and on. Stopped after 4 months.
I 'm currently starting my fourth pack of Lutera. This past month for me has been a bit nuts for me and my boyfriend. I 've been overly emotional and anxious beyond belief. I AM dealing with emotional triggers but I feel Lutera has exacerbated things. I 've had a loss of appetite but I don 't know if that 's because I 'm loosing my mind. Ugh, birth control.  On the other side, my breast have been fuller than normal, which has been a perk. My flow and pre-menstrual physical symptoms have been just fine. No unusual cramping, spotting, etc. I 'm continuing with Lutera for another 3 months and am hoping to see my emotions settle down. 
I 'm giving this medication a 5 because, it did not help with sleep at all HOWEVER I found this medication very useful for nausea and dizziness. I occasionally get dizzy spells with nausea. I was told that when this happens I get small crystal formations inside my ear canal which cause the issue. I used to take Dramamine for it which helped some. I find that Hydroxyzine works much more efficiently. I recently was sick with food poisoning, LOTS of nausea almost 24 hours a day for nearly a week. This medication was a godsend for relieving the nausea.
I have had my Implanon since January 2012 at my 6 week check up after having my daughter. I love it for the fact that I do not have to remember to take a pill, I hate it more for the fact that at my 6 week check up, I was already back down to my pre-pregnancy weight, and after about a month of Implanon, my weight started to sky rocket. The other bad thing for me is that my periods are out of control. I started out having it for a month and a half straight, then it went away for a week and I got it again for 2 months. It would go away for 2 months and it would come back for a week and so on. It is very unpredictable. Overall, it serves it main purpose, but it does come with a lot of extra weight, mood swings, and lowered sex drive.
I have been on Antidepressants for years - After several different meds my doc has me on Celexa 40 mg - I was still experiencing anxiety and worsening depression so we tried Abilify 10 mg.  It was terrific until day 6 when my anxiety was horrible and I couldn 't sit still at all.  This med tripled my anxiety so I stopped it.  I 'm now taking 1/2 my Celexa (20 mg) and I started myself back on Welbutrin today - finally, the anxiety caused by the Abilify is gone - I see my doctor tomorrow - but I was just wondering what else works on Anxiety?
The brand that you get makes a huge difference. I can only find the Apotex  brand at the pharmacies within a 70 mile range(25mcg/hr). Some times these patches have very little or no effect on my pain.I am sure it is the lack of consistent medication on some of the patches because I have actually suffered through about 24 hours of no relief then take the patch off and try a new patch,my pain was better 5 minutes later.By each patch being so inconsistent, it can not possibly control my pain consistently.My friend uses Pac brand which she has her pharmacy order, and says they work fine.I will check reviews on different brands and try to have them ordered.
I am a 20 year old female. I have been taking 50mg Vyvanse for about 3 months or so. I started taking it during the summer and so my schedule of taking it was rather irregular which caused me to have insomnia and decrease my appetite. I have started school now and it works wonders. I am able to concentrate in class and I have motivation to actually do my homework. I even wish I were in school longer..strange I know. I have experienced the side effects from it, more recently though. I have noticed my heart will race for no real reason, I have become more irritable and on edge (although I 'm pretty sure I was like that before), and I tend to get kind of agitated at very minuscule things.
I took this pill for the first time in college because of abnormally heavy and frequent periods. I stayed on it for about 6 months before stopping once my cycle levelled out. During this short time taking the pill I was very anxious, nervous, and depressed. I started taking the same pill again about a year ago for the same reasons. I have noticed over the last few months that I go through spats of depression and I am always anxious. I am beginning to wonder if there is a correlation between the pill and anxiety/depression. Other than that this pill has been great for me; no weight gain, no acne, and my last period was 8 months ago. Decent pill, but planning to talk to my doctor soon to look into other options.
For a few days I had what I thought was a pimple in the opening of my right nostril. Finally I softened it with warm water and it popped. BIG MISTAKE! DONT DO IT!Within a day the right nostril was reddish purple and swollen, my cheek bones hurt, my upper gums were enflamed, even my teeth hurt. There were now 3 more in my nose. I went to urgent care and Dr said it was cellulitis/staph infection, put me on Bactrim (2x 's a day/10days) and topical (Mupirocin 2%) that can be used in nose even though it says not for internal use: mouth, nose, ears. This is my 5th dose, btwn day 2&amp;3. Still in a lot of pain but original &quot;pimple&quot; seems to have a brownish coloring possibly on the way to scabbingDefinitely headache provoking, taking with Tylenol.
First birth control pill I 've tried. The first month I had spotting and a normal period. The second month I had light spotting and an extremely light 2 day period. This medication made me depressed and tired. I am now two weeks into Beyaz
I am taking this birth control solely for the purpose to help clear my skin. Although my acne is mild-moderate, I 've found that taking birth control helps alleviate it. The only real side-effects I 'm experiencing with Loseasonique are mood swings (only the first month of the pack), breast tenderness which can be really be painful sometimes, and increase in cup size (something my boyfriend doesn 't mind). The birth control has helped clear my skin, but hasn 't been as good as some of the others I 've taken. Time will tell, as is for any medication, so I 'm going to keep taking it and see what happens.
I have been on this pill for 5 weeks. I started it the 3rd day of my period as my Dr instructed. It seemed to make my period go away!  That was nice. I have consistently taken the pill every morning at approx the same time. I have not spotted at all. I have not been on any pill in at least 15 years. I 'm 35 with heavy periods and cramps and taking it just for that. As my cycle is around 35 days I 'm anxious to see if it shows up or if this pill is already working!  I hope it 's working because I 've been a hormonal mess and my skin has been breaking out. Pros and cons are currently even.
I had been on the same birth control for over 10 years and only switched to Lo Loestrin Fe to see if it would be better for my high blood pressure. During the first two weeks I had severe mood swings. I gained about 7 lbs and my breasts increased almost a full cup size. They were big enough already and I hate that most of my tops are tighter in the chest area. I 've been on it for 5 months now and can 't shake the extra weight I 've gained. But my real problem with this birth control is how expensive it is. I can 't afford it anymore and I 'm thinking about going back to my old birth control.
I was on the lowest dose of Effexor XR and loved how I felt -- it just took the edge off of everything and made me less irritable and more easygoing.  What I didn 't like is the 40lb weight gain and increased blood pressure that came with it.  My blood pressure went back to normal when I quit taking it, but getting the weight off is a real struggle.  I 'm doing Weight Watchers AND working with a trainer twice a week (plus doing cardio on other days) and the weight is coming off slowly.  Before Effexor, I could easily drop 10lbs doing Weight Watchers only.  So, yeah, I think it killed my metabolism.  Although I really liked how I felt and functioned, I wouldn 't have taken it if I 'd known about the [seemingly permanent] weight gain.
I was just prescribed this medication for GAD and Moderate Depression. My Doctor suggested 25mg once a night. I accidentally took 50mg the very first dose but I feel fine. It took me a little while to fall asleep last night and I feel a bit drowsy but I am writing this from work so obviously I 'm still functioning normally. I realize that Zoloft will affect everyone differently and I am very nervous/excited about its potential to help me. I 'm hoping that in time I will feel less tired. I take Vitamin B 12 shots every few weeks so that should help too. I 've never taken any prescriptions before now so I was very nervous about this whole thing. The reviews have been helpful though, I wish you all the very best of luck with your treatments.
I wasn 't sure how to rate this drug, since there were pros and cons.  I took it just one night because the next morning, for hours, I was greatly dizzy, weak, shaky, and my heart was pounding rapidly, even when resting.  My flank pain was much better that day, though. However, I will not be taking it again because of the side effects.
Excessively difficult to discontinue tapentadol. Compared to all similar and equally efficacious pain medications regularly used in the US this one is particularly difficult and lengthy to discontinue.  You get weeks of non opiate like withdrawal likely related to its non-opiate agonist properties (NE/S/D).  Please consider before prescribing.
If you 're not a salt lover, then this tastes like a lemon/lime margarita without the tequila and tons if salt!  I got it done exactly as I was supposed to.  It took over an hour to kick in, and drinking the 16 oz. of water after really helped.  I did do the 2nd dose the next morning as directed.  Again it worked.  I did have pain in my stomach not sure if it was gas from the prep or hunger pains. After I had the colonoscopy, the Doc told me the prep did not completely clean me out.  Ugh!!  So, instead of going back in 10 years, I will need to go back in 3 and hope they give me something different.
I have felt sick ever since I started this med as if I have 24 hour flu bug, yet it won 't pass? Any suggestions? I 'm desperate for help I hate to quit on this since it was so costly.
I have been on contrave for about 3 weeks. I am still unable to take the full dose (4 pills a day), but I am seeing wonderful results. I have hypothyroidism and it has been really difficult for me to get rid of the weight. My doctor decided to put me on this medication and I have mixed emotions about it. I have felt foggy and dizzy and some days I am moody. I find that small things bug me. That is starting to go away. I only take 2 in the morning and one in the evening. So far I have lost 10lbs. It is like every morning I get on the scale and another pound is gone. I can 't eat as much because it will upset my stomach. Other than the side effect for the first 2 weeks, things seem to be working for me. Also it is helping me not to smoke.
I 'm 19 years old. I 've been struggling with cystic acne for about a year and a half now; my problem area being my cheeks . I 've been on tri-sprintec for a little over a month.. Can 't say I 've seen any drastic changes but I feel like it 's slowly taking effect (or I just might be desperate for results). I know they say it 's 2-3 months for results so I 'm remaining hopeful. The only downside I 've noticed while taking this pill is that It might 've made me break out under and around my jawline which was new for me. Also, I snack way too often now which might be making my breakouts a little excessive when that time of the month comes around.
Unfortunately after more than a year, pervasive stuff like weight gain, increased lipids, diabetes all started to be present. Great for a while but I started toned more of it to deal with psychotic symptoms and the sedative nature of it got in the way. Swapped to paliperidone ER, which is more focused on the psychotic symptoms and doing well without the sedation.
Well, it did what it was supposed to, but tastes so bad.  I got through the 1st liter ok.  I gulped it down.  Bowels were moving about an hour after the first 8 oz.  I had to drink a second liter several hours later and just couldn 't do it.  The taste is that bad.  I threw up probably half a liter of it.  Anyway, it cleaned out the bowels.
Hello everyone! I served 8 years in the united states military 4 overseas and 4 in the U.S. I left the military 100% disabled diagnosed with Panic disorder with agoraphobia, GAD, Major Depression and of course some PTSD. I have tried everything. I was put on lyrica for nerve damage originally but found it soooo helpful for crippling anxiety. But this does not last long tolerance builds so fast its unreal and it almost feels as if the anxiety gets worst over time. I have tried to stop this cold turkey but found my self in a state of BENZO and OPIATE withdrawal feeling and it was a nightmare. Now I 'm weaning! Bye lyrica..OH ya klonopin works wonders ;).
Use flushable wipes EVERY TIME and it will be 95% Better. Using TP is burning,terrible build up! Happy Trails!
I was put on Viibryd for depression. My husband and I had a miscarriage and I became depressed and suicidal. That was my breaking point. My doctor put me on Viibryd and at first it helped wonderful. I have been on the 40 mg for 5 months now. I have headaches almost everyday, have gotten light headed a few times one day but my depression did get a lot better.
It worked for about a month. 10 mg,  then seemed all of a sudden stopped working. 
I have used Exforge for 3 weeks now and found that I have nausea and unpredictable sweating that is starting to really bother me.
I 've had Nexplanon for 14 months and i don 't think it works with my body. The insertion was painless and I like how I don 't have to worry about taking a daily pill. However, since I started Nexplanon, my body has reacted as such: 1) my periods last for about 23 days or more when on my former birth control, they lasted only 3 days 2) My face breaks out during my cycle, which didn 't happen on my former BC 3) I never got cramps during my natural menstrual cycle or on my former birth control, but I get cramps on Nexplanon; during certain times I would cramp after orgasming oh, and it lowered my sex drive. 4) on the plus side, my breasts would get bigger and fuller for a few days. All in all, I think I will switch back to my old BC, Nuva Ring.
Sometimes it works and...sometimes it doesn 't. The effects are not as obvious to me as prescription medications. 6 mg seems to be my sweet spot; any more and it has no effect. I try taking it when I know my sleep schedule needs fixing and that I 'll be awake late otherwise, and it can work like that when taken infrequently. But it 's not my first choice. Can give me nightmares also. As a younger man (22 years old), I 've read that melatonin supplements work more effectively on older individuals, which may explain my hit-or-miss case with it.
I have been on this medication for just about a year and think it is wonderful the only issue is about a week before my infusion I have a real increase in symptoms I wish that there was a 21-day option because 28 is too far
Did what it was supposed to do, i.e. I didn 't get pregnant and I was sexually active the whole time I was on it. Also, I don 't believe I had the single zit for the whole year and a half I was on it. Nice!However...I experienced a lot of very annoying headaches while taking Ocella. They were stubborn too, wouldn 't go away if I took an Aleeve. Also, weight gain definitely happened. I went up 2 full cup sizes and &quot;filled out&quot; in general. I would say about 8lbs or so. (With little to no change in my diet/ lifestyle)Also, I feel that Ocella increased my anxiety and depression. It also affected my sex drive and level of lubrication. Everyone 's body is different, hard to say if symptoms were from Ocella or unrelated.
I see a lot of positive reviews here however I 'm not so positive about propranolol it did great Job controlling my heart palpitations and I 'm  thankful for that, I had really bad heart beats in some occasions my heart would go insanely fast, but I 'm still feeling anxious the anxiety still there, also i want to mention the only side effect I had was at night when I was about to fall asleep i would jump out my bed like I 'm having panic attack! It turned out it was a single and a random heart beat, i acknowledged it when I was laying on my couch, it felt scary to be honest my first thought was a heart attack after like 2 weeks it never happened again. So I guess this medicine may work for physical symptom of anxiety not sure about thoughts.
I started this medication 2 weeks ago to help with anxiety, cognitive issues, and hypochondria. I 'm currently on 75 mg. The first day I began to feel calmer but within the next few days more anxiety symptoms switch to depression. I went from having OCD thoughts and medical worries to wanting to sleep any chance I can get. There 's also a complete loss of libido. I 've also started having constipation problems.
My anesthesiologist prescribed be Belbica for the RSD. No relief and a migraine to boot.  So about two weeks ago he switched me to Nucynta ER 100 bid with a max of 4 Norco 7.5/325 for breakthrough pain daily. I am waiting for the intrathecal pain pump. My insurance company denied the procedure saying they needed more info so now they are going to have a &quot;peer to peer&quot; TODAY  with the spinal surgeon. I am tired of all the different medications, the side effects and feeling like a lab tab. Have maxed out the lumbar punctures too as minimal relief was achieved. I am fortunate to have a fantastic anesthesiologist  (pain mgmt) who genuinely cares about ME and the situation I am in. Nucynta seems to give little relief. Will take any I can get
So far, I 'm still in the beginning stages of taking this medication. I 've had anxiety a lot in my life but about a month ago I had a really bad anxiety attack causing me to have the worse attacks every single day. Finally I was prescribed 10mg and taken half to get adjusted. The symptoms and side effects have been horrible. But I 've only been on it for 3 days. Seems like I have good moments and seem more calm. But at night it 's harder to fall asleep and the mornings I 'm more anxious. I 'm totally exhausted and my feet and legs are tingling the night before but that is almost gone today. I stay positive . I 'm hoping I see positive effects. 
I&rsquo;ve been on sprintec for 8 months and considering getting off it. My body still isn&rsquo;t in sync with it and I go on a period for 1.5 weeks, have 3/4 days of rest then I&rsquo;m period again. It&rsquo;s absolutely annoying and tampons aren&rsquo;t cheap! I&rsquo;m spending more money on tampons which I&rsquo;m not supposed to need than I am on the actual BC. This has made my sex life non existent since I&rsquo;m literally only having freedom for 4 days at a timeI hate this
I was really enjoying the relief I was getting for about 4 weeks with this drug.  Unfortunately I started to get nose bleeds and burning along with stuffiness daily.  I held off going to the doctor as these are some side effects of the drug but they should not last more then 3 days and after a month of being on it I felt that this should not be happening.  I do feel this drug has 2 benefits than other nose sprays I did not have headaches or dripping with this one.
Woke up with very blurry vision for 3 hours....was scary! It made me sleep well, but the appetite increase was horrific. I literally thought about food the whole day. Did not take again. I have a spinal condition and could have easily put on 20lbs in a month on this, that is if I could find the fridge with my blurry vision. This is a common side effect with this medicine.
First, THANKS ALL OF YOU folks sharing. This is very informative. We are all trying to find something that works. My son, age 10, 5th grade, has been ADHD and negative overall for yrs.  Finally tried Vivance 20mg. Big help month 1. More talkative, able to focus, get things done.  Said it wore off or he got used to it by month 2 so uppedd dose to 30mg.Same thing, except after school a lot more sensitive emotionally.  He said he didn 't see much difference after a few weeks so we upped dose to 40mg on month 4.   Still sensitive after school, no appetite, complained that he was grinding his teeth all day , thirsty all the time and dry skin then one day suddenly his wrists and web between thumb and finger broke into red purple DEEP DRY RASH. Stopped it
I wanted the Nexplanon to be the answer because I love the convenience of it. The insertion was painfree and it was covered by my insurance (I paid a $30 co-pay. I know girls who pay $25 per MONTH to get the pill). I waited patiently to stop bleeding but it would always come back after a month, three, six. I feel bloated often but not too bad with cramps but I didn 't suffer very bad cramps before insertion. It may have effected my moods/depression but I have had several hard life events in the past few years so it would be hard for me to judge. Ultimately, I got it out because of the weight gain. About 130 when inserted (2 yrs ago), 178 when removed today! It is convenient but there are definite side effects and downsides.
Not sure what I have as the doctors refuse to run any tests, but I 've basically got something with sinuses and a really bad cough nearing two months now. I first got Amoxicillin, which got rid of the tickly cough, but otherwise may have actually made it worse (but on the bright side, I had minimal side effects). This one seems to have minimised the actual coughing fits, but by day 5 it hasn 't fixed much else, unfortunately. I was otherwise physically exhausted as well, but the first two days of these were a complete knock out for me. I 'd sleep 12h, take the pill, be up for 2h before desperately needing a nap. I also got the constant metallic taste and upset stomach/diarrhoea and trouble falling asleep. Definitely need probiotics with these
I have been on Paroxetine for a month now and I can say it has helped my depression and anxiety a lot. It stopped all of my suicidal and unhappy thoughts. The only negative thing I have to say is it causes me to have headaches.
No relief. Just made you completely wiped out.
I have been taking TRI-LINYAH for a few months. Prior to this pill I had completely clear skin, and HORRIBLE periods!!! Now it 's the opposite my face is covered in acne but my periods are AMAZING.. I 'm kind of disappointed about the fact I have to choose clear skin over painless periods.
It 's been 4 months since I had it put in and maybe I should of read these reviews before having it done. The bleeding is was is driving me insane!! I got it my 6 week check up and had no issues until 2 weeks after it was put in I spotted for a week then started a full blown period that lasted 10 days. Then nothing! Then I started spotting very mild August 2nd, it is now August 19th and the bleeding is becoming heavier. It is more of an annoyance then anything else. And highly considering having it removed. I did gain about 12 pounds but that went went away. My Sex drive didn 't change at all but this spotting makes things a little more difficult. I was looking forward to not having a period but what I 'm dealing with is making me bitchy!!
I 've been on cipro for 4 days now. 500mg twice a day every 12 hours. I am handling it well, but as a powerlifter and learning what it does to your joints and tendons is terrifying. BE CAREFUL while training if you are active. This medicine can cause rips in your tendons and swelling of joints. It can take months to repair. I 've stayed away from the gym while on my cycle of cipro. Be smart with this drug and it will do miracles. As for the fluoride, NO idea why it 's in there. It plays no part in the healing process and is only used to cloud your judgement. (P.S. Fluoride was first put in concentrate camps to cause the prisoners confusion, delayed reactions, and a foggy mind.) Do your research people!
When I took the first glass at 8am and was following with water, threw it up at 8:35am and at 8:40am first movement, 2hrs later and 5 movements still going. Have to take 2nd dose at 8pm tonight, hope things are clear. Called my drs office about the throwing up and they told me tonight if I am not clean to take an enema.
I have been using this with good results for almost a year. I did have some break through diahrrea on occasion. What I would like to know is has anyone stopped taking it after taking for a while? I had been using the 30 dollar coupon but now the price has gone up and the coupon is not valid. So I am waiting for insurance approval. But my doctor gave me samples and I have ran out. I have called my doctor three times today to get more samples as they said they would give them to me until insurance comes throught, but they never got back to me. So I will just not have them to take. Has anyone had experience with just stopping and if so what were the effects? Thank you for any help. Guess I 'll stock up on imodium until I hear from them.
Got it in 2014 and just took it out. 2 years 3 months ish and 20 pound weight gain. Some head aches and some mood swings but not as bad as others. No period. 3 day spotting every 3 months. Never got pregnant. So I guess it 's effective if u ding mind weight gain. With working out and eating healthy your wont loose anything. My body is also sensitive to hormones so I know now I can 't do them after 40 pound weight gain on depo. The removal was more painful than the insertion. There was scar tissue growing around half of it so half was in tact while the other half looked like someone chewed on it. I still have burning and pain after removal. I guess I 'll have to see how long the pain lasts.
I am just on my second day, I took a Contrave ER yesterday and this morning.  So far the only side effects I have noticed is a little brain fogginess in the morning (I am drinking an extra cup of coffee to combat that) and a little more thirst, which I am sure is a good thing if you are trying to lose weight.  I was a little put off by Contrave ER when I read some of the side effects that some people have had (nausea, sweating, gastric disturbances, feeling jittery) but as of yet, and I know its early, I haven 't experienced anything like that.  I also noticed I felt fuller sooner when I ate my breakfast this morning. So all in all, I would give it a thumbs up.
I 'm 20 with no kids. My gyno suggested the Skyla because I 've been on birth control for 7 years and she though we should switch it up. On 10/11, I got the IUD placed, I thought the insertion would be a walk in the park but it was close to the worst pain I 've felt and I have 13 tattoos lol ! it was period cramps times 10. I still feel a lot of pain even just sitting certain ways and I 've bled everyday since I 've gotten it placed. I 'm hoping by my ultrasound on Dec. 16th that I 'll feel better because if not, I want this out of me and that scares me even more because I 'm afraid of the pain from getting it removed. It 's cool not having to take a pill every night &amp; I 'm not worried about effectiveness bc it 's more effective than birth control
I just finished my 10 day course of Pylera and I can 't believe I got through it. My side effects were bad nausea even with food, black stools, dark urine, extreme fatigue, headache, feverish feeling, and it seems like every bit of phlegm in my body is coming out one way or another. My nose runs like a sieve and also phlegm running down my throat constantly. Just awesome. I feel like I 've been ingesting poison and calling it medicine. I 'm hoping this takes care of the infection because I 've been profoundly ill for over a year, not realizing what was making me so sick until my EGD uncovered Helicobacter. The only thing I can advise is, be kind to yourself, don 't expect too much of yourself, try to not work if possible.
After 4 unsuccessful medications, this one made me the most balanced and even.
The pain this causes is excruciating. I 've had to get up several times during the night to wash it off due to the burning and itching it causes. It 's so painful I can 't sleep and end up tearing up washing it off. It works for a couple days and then you 're back to suffering through a painful sleepless night. The pain isn 't worth it.
I am a nurse. I was already on wellbutrin SR-150mg 2x daily.  I concur with the dieter below. Have your Dr prescribe these meds separately.  No side effects.  The dose of naltrexone is way too high in contrave  (just my personal. .not professional opinion!) 4-5 mg of naltrexone 1-2 times a day is plenty.  Naltrexone will only work if you truly have a binge type actual food addiction.  It works on the reward center of our brains just like that of drug addicts and alcoholics. The grandiose feeling we get when we eat and all is suddenly right with the world. It turns that off for us. (And..prescribing this way? Super cheap! :)
I have always had a depressive nature, increasing at middle age. I went on to Paroxetine 10mg, after a particularly stressful time at work. After about 6 weeks of ups and downs, things stabilized for me and my depression subsided to almost nothing. Of particular interest to me was that my social awareness disorder also reduced dramatically. Often at meetings, where I 'd now speak up without hesitation, I would think to myself &quot;hey, is this really me?&quot;Unfortunately my depression prevailed, possibly because of my long term Type 2 diabetes. As a stressful period arose, I upped my dose to 20mg. It seemed to help for a little while. My lower than expected rating is because of how difficult it is to get off this, even to reduce the dosage.
I Had Extreme Acne, Pimples, Dark Spots, And Red face, oily as well. I was prescribed EpiDuo by my doctor, and I saw results in about 1 week, pretty much almost all of my face clearing up. Then a couple days ago, when I applied it, my face burned horribly, I thought it was my cleanser, but it wasn 't. EpiDuo makes your skin dry and burn, but only for a little bit, still a good acne cream!
Dec 23, my doctor had me start this. My first week I experienced all the symptoms and lost 5 lbs in three days (I had to force myself to eat and I couldn 't sleep). I seem to have adjusted now but have gained the weight back. I 'm confused since I work out hard 5 to 6 days a week. I eat less than 2000 calories a day. I feel like I would starve at 1200 like I see most of you post. Should I be restricting to 1200? My doctor didn 't mention this  to me.  On a positive note, I do feel more energized when I work out.  I feel like I don 't want to stop exercising. My doctor prescribed this for me to give my metabolism a boost, I 've lost 70lbs w/o the pill but haven 't lost anything for 6 months, been at the weight.  Maybe I need to have it a month....
Helped back but may be giving me horrible headaches
The first time I had a synvisc shot it worked really well with no side effects. The second time I had a shot in both knees and was in a pain, had cramping in my calves and was pretty miserable for about 2 weeks.  Now I have popping in my knees as if the fluid got underneath the knee cap or around that area so every time I walk my knees pop and it drives me crazy.  I never had this before I got my last shots, so now not only do I have osteoarthritis due to loss of cartilage I now have another complication with every step.  I don 't believe I will have another shot, and I wish there was some sort of compensation for this.
My experience so far has been good. It 's an effective contraceptive but I can 't recommend it a 100%. I already have three months with it and in my past two months I 've had my period, but it 's not a constant bleeding. And it 's color is brown with spots of red. The thing that also bothers me is that this sort of  'bleeding ' last at least one week or two. And that really gets in my nerves. Also that I 'm buying more tampons and stuff.  But so far my weigh is still the same also my mood.
My son is high functioning autistic. His behavior specialist recommend risperdol .05mg daily for my son for aggression and violent out bursts. After being on it for a week we noticed that he is much calmer. We have noticed some side effects such as. Hyper attentiveness, nightmares, muscle spasms and itchiness.
I am using Vyance to help me lose weight.I have been on it for about 3 week. Positive: loss of appetite, doesn 't make you feel jittery or nervous, more focused, increase energy.weight loss about 5# but it is the holidays.Neg: back acne (never had acne before starting) you have to make your self eat and drink, headaches at the end of the day, dry mouth, if you take to late in the day you won 't be able to sleep.
Feeling heaps better about life and alot calmer only thing is I feel hungry all the time and have put on 4 kilos in one week!! Dont know what to do about that...
What would I give to not take medication! I am 18, and have been taking Concerta for 3 years now. It helps me to keep things in order, stop forgetting things, concentrate in class for long periods of time, do mundane tasks I hate. However, within the first week of taking it I will feel very moody, have tics, etc. I get excited and anxious easily. In the evenings, it is impossible to concentrate and it gets me often very frustrated or irritable. I have been considering changing medications or stopping because it suppresses my creativity and will have me concentrate on negative thoughts causing depression. However, the withdrawal effects will make me very lazy, depressed, or even manic. 
So, I can 't say how well this actually works because I was trying it out to balance my hormones and make some gut problems less painful. However, I 've been on it 4 days and just have been feeling cramping and bloating. That has made my gut issue worse. If you don 't have gut issues already, this may work for you!
Don 't see this helping my pain much. Would rather not take anything. Don 't like the side effects. Will be stopping soon. 
After taking many antidepressants with temporary satisfaction and happiness for a few months, I decided to try Effexor for almost a year. It worked good for my anxiety and anger issues but not for my depression (It had the usual mild side effects like weight gain). Now I 'm back on Lexapro (as this and Cymbalta worked best for me). To all: Don 't be alarmed from all the horror stories of Effexor withdrawal. I weaned off with no worse discontinue symptoms then other medicines! As a matter of fact, I love the electric brain zaps! LOL.
One doc put me on 1 1/2 every day at first and about a year later reduced it to 1/ 1/2 every other night. Then she quit and a nurse practitioner put me on 3mg every night in May which increased my motivation but by now July my concentration is worse. And my anxiety is back. But I attribute that to her increasing my Cymbalta from 30 to 60 mg which was tried before and didn 't work. So 4 days ago I went back on 30 and my anxiety has settled down.
I 've been on this pill for about two months now and I 've experienced weight gain, extreme mood changes, and irregular periods (which may be because I just began taking it.) So far it 's done its job, but the side effects taking a toll on my body are no longer tolerable for me personally.
I will have been on it for a month on December 25. about a week and a half into the pill I noticed pink discharge that turned into a week or two of spotting. I have slight headaches which I know is from the pill and getting used to it and my skin went from flawless to 7 or 8 pimples so I 'm pretty angry. Doctor wants me to give it a month or two more, hopefully my skin clears up soon! 
Hello I started Nuvaring a week n two days ago everything was fine. Until a day later I keep having this pressure down there and I was very irritated while having sex last night. I 've used every birth control there is an nothing suited me. My sex drive had decreased nausea every morning. Took my ring out after sex bc I was so irritated my docs nurse says I may have had a reaction to it. Any advice. On why I am experienceing this. I have no put in another ring. BC of the intence pressure n irrigation
I have tried MANY different kinds of birth control and had been off for about a year and half when I started up on Chateal.  I am in my THIRD WEEK of the pill and have experienced extreme FATIGUE, mood swings as well as breast tenderness/shooting pain, and constipation.  I am hoping these things will smooth over, but these are the worst initial side effects I 've experienced with an oral contraceptive.  So far not so good.
I 've tried many birth control pills, but they all caused severe mood swings and depression. I like the fact that this pill seemed at first to have little to no negative effect on my mood. (I 've been on it for 3 years). However, in the past year I began having severe anxiety attacks and was diagnosed with anxiety disorder after I began waking up in the mornings feeling faint and sick to my stomach, laying on the bathroom floor. I constantly feel exhausted and although active, have gained 20 pounds in the past year. I also noticed an increase in my acne the past two years. I think this is because of the birth control. I am switching to the copper iud next week and am so excited because it is hormone free! I hope this helps.
Having had the mirena in for nearly two years at doctors advice, I 'm having it removed on Thursday as its the worst thing to have done.It has made me depressed, mood swing are horrendous to the point my children and husband are getting it all. I have no desire what so ever to be intimate with my husband.  I feel like I have lost control of my body.The only plus is I don 't have periods , PLEASE do your research and choose wisely which contraceptive method you have.
The first month of taking this pill my period was nine days long. It 's normally 5 so the extra days we 're very frustrating for me. Since starting this bc, I 've gone up a cup size. So that 's a plus however my boobs and nipples hurt constantly. Some days are better than others but it is very painful. I feel like crying over tv shows, which has never happened before.
After just taking this for a week I am too weak and too tired....Can 't seem to make it through a whole day without feeling like I am going to fall asleep.
I am on Chantix since last Monday, February 3rd 2013. Tomorrow is my 8 day-quitting day, so lets see. I am still smoking, but as half as I did before. Usually I smoked around 10-15 cigarettes/day, and now I can see that I cut this amount into half at least. My worst enemy is MORNING COFFEE and I realized that I am smoking a few especially during that time. I am going to try to cut off coffee especially in the morning time. About side effects I worried a lot before when I started with medications,  but so far NONE. I follow instructions and some other review helped a lot, always drink a pill during or right after the meal with a full glass of water. The only &quot;side effect&quot; is DREAMS, but nothing to be afraid of its just a dreams!
I 've been on Amitiza for about a year, and while it works, it doesn 't work as well as If like it to. I tried the 24 mcg dose at first but it was way too strong, definitely makes you run to the bathroom all day. I then switched to the 8mcg capsules twice a day. If I take them on an empty stomach, I get really nauseated, so I usually take them with a meal. I still had to use Miralax and fiber along with the Amitiza to ensure I stayed regular. Sometimes with all of this, I still got constipated, so I would take a 24mcg dosage and deal with the aftermath. When I did have a BM with Amitiza, it wasn 't a &quot;complete &quot; one. It would make me poop out water, but it felt like the bulk of the stool was still left inside. I stopped taking it.
I 've been on Farxiga for six months (I am also on 2000mg of Metformin daily) and my sugars seem consistent.  My sugars are higher in the morning, but regulate during the day.  I had dry mouth, but that has subsided.  Since the 2nd month of taking Farxiga, I have had vaginal yeast infections.  Before taking this medication, I had only one in my 45 years.  I have no increase in urination amount or frequency.  I do not have any associated pain.I was on Victoza and loved the results I was getting, but had to stop taking it because of the cost.  Farxiga was a more affordable option, but insurance is now charging me even more than the price of Victoza.  I will likely go off of Farxiga and find something else.  I hope this helps someone.
I took Levaquin for a sinus infection. It cleared the infection but had terrible side effects. My heart was racing, pulse was like I had ran a marathon. It shot my potassium levels off the charts (had to take medication to flush my system of that).
I have had experience with IBS symptoms in the past.. Thinking the diarrhea I was experiencing with this medicine was from that. But now I 'm thinking its the medicine. Cured my bronchitis but the immense pain I had in my stomach and burning of loose stool was not worth it. Happened the first day and the last day of the 5 day regimen. So glad it 's over, just hope the loose stool is over too. I will never take this antibiotic again unless my life depends on it.
I am on 240 mg once a day, Been taking meds since Feb 2011. Works GREAT for treating the heart problem only I have side effects. A week after starting the medication at the lowest dosage I developed sinus congestion. Increased my medication after six months and the congestion continued and now developed sinus drainage down my throat that caused a cough. Medicine was increased again and now the congestion/cough/wheezing is getting unbearable. I took myself off the medicines and within 4 days all my symptoms were GONE!
I took morning after pill 12 hours after unprotected sex. I felt so tired and sleepy and nauseous, my stomach hurts too. My period is due 21 of March 2017. My body had these weird chilling sensation so I won 't take the morning after pill again. I rate like this because I don 't know if it will work or not. I will update later as the days progress and hope I get my period
Meh, I like it for the sheer convenience factor. In 1 year, I 've gained 60lbs with and w/o dieting. I, in my late 30s, have reentered puberty (maybe menopause) with the new found acne and mood swings. Cramps are here and there, severe as they may be, they 're not the worst side effect. I 'm very arthritic now, some joints are crippling to try and use. Hot flashes suck, although I saved a fortune on heating this winter. Acid reflux was increased. My hair is super brittle and dry now.Now for the plus side. I DO NOT bleed anymore :) I may decide to suffer through on that alone. It has helped my depression and anxiety, so much that I have been able to almost wean off the antidepressants.I love the shelf life of five years too.
For the first six months it worked great but now it doesn 't relieve my headaches at all. In fact the only thing it does is gives me insomnia.
It does lower the blood pressure, sometimes too much. But beware of the side effects - after being on the medication for almost two years I developed fast heart beat, chest pains, shortness of breath, depression, dizziness not upon standing up but simply while working at my desk, stomach pains, bad heartburn. The dry cough was pretty annoying, too. Been off of it for 5 days and most of the side effects are gone.
Helped a great deal when I first took this for about two years, five years ago, for spondylitis, and now I 've been taking it for 5 months and it 's doing much less.
I have an almost non existent period that lasts for 2 days but randomly my period will start when I 'm on the 3rd week of pills then it goes to normal again. They put me on Sprintec to help my moods. Helped a tiny bit. Been on it for 3  years now.
I got my arm implant in June 2015 and it was awesome bc it did its job well. I had heavy bleeding for 2 weeks after, terrible headaches and mood swings and i noticed some weight was packing in. Around October 2015 I stopped having my period altogether, it was wonderful but I had gained 15 pounds. The amount of weight gain (25 pounds in total) made me choose to get it removed asap.
I have been on the Nuvaring for about 2 weeks now. I am going to use the 4 month supply received from my doc just to see how it rides out. So far I feel my mood swings have actually balanced out. I felt mood swings before and I was on no birth control. I have also seen a complete drop in my sex-drive. My vagina feels dry and raw, so having sex hurts (even more reason for me to not want to do it). And from what it looks like from some other users, it might get worse for me. But who knows.
I have had seizures since taking. One year I had 3. My trigger is alcohol and late nights. I was on 300mg pd, and I moved to Spain for 9 months, I decreased my meds to 200 as I was getting dizzy spells. The doctor there said because my lifestyle was more relaxed that it was my body 's way of saying I didn 't need as much. When I moved back and into my hectic recruitment job I didn 't increase it back, ha a fit 2 months later! I had been seizure free for 18 months. But I 'd had a drink and not enough sleep. went back up to 300mg (but lost my license again, worst thing ever!). Was nearly 20 months recently and I missed a dose the other morning as ran out and had 1 the next morning! Gutted. Also started the aloe gel stuff and think it had an effect?!
I 've started taking Effexor XR recently at the lowest dose 37.5mg and the first day you get very nauseous even if you do eat beforehand, I felt so foggy. After a few days the side effects subsided so I upped my dosage to 75mg and the same thing happened. So I 'd recommend when starting this medication you also have an anti nausea medication with it otherwise you 'll have a few crappy days. This medication has benefited me the most out of all the others I tried because it brought back my focus.
The drug worked great however I could not use it for long as I was swelling very bad.
I 'm ADHD and for as long as I can remember I have had problems with insomnia. I have taken ambien off and on for years ad well as other OTC sleep meds and lunesta. My psych gave me some sample packs of Belsomra to try..... not sure what the heck its made of. Took maybe 30ish minutes before I started to feel tired. Went to bed and fell asleep in about 40 minutes. What was weird is I had several periods of being &quot;asleep&quot; but my mind was completly awake and it was really hard to move.... I dunno. Other than that I slept well and I slept in by two hours however, all day today I have felt drugged and sedated, foggy. I took the 20mg so maybe I should try a lower dose if I try it again.
Where do I start? I first started with Implanon at age 19 and once removed, had Nexplanon replacing it. I am now 24. 25lbs heavier, have had major depression and suicidal tendencies since the beginning. Body pain, stomach issues, dizziness to the extent of having vertigo, etc. I bled for 6months at the beginning of having Implanon, but once replaced with Nexplanon, my body was use to it so I simply continued to not have a period. I have had gross, brown &quot;blood&quot; discharge in place of periods and some weeks have to wear panty liners constantly. It looks pretty gross. Anyways, I am getting this taken out in a few days and really hoping the depression lessens and I get my life back.
I have been on this pill for about 2 months now. My first period on the pill came exactly when It was supposed to come and was normal. This last period was really light and only three days. I 've had weight loss but I 'm not sure it was the pill since everyone is reporting the opposite. I did feel super nauseated and sad every few days, but its normal. And my breasts have grown! But they feel tender. I have been taking the pill for severe back pain and with the pill, that disappeared.
It kept my dry skin moisturized but I over used it and spread it all over my legs and ended up with stretch marks on my legs from thinning.
So I 've been taking 100mg for a week now. My skin has been noticeably less oily and I 've had no new breakouts. However, yesterday I noticed a tingling feeling in my back that last for a few hours then subsided. I toook it today and in about 30mins I started experiencing that tingling feeling in my back again. Think I 'm going to stop. I 'd rather deal with the oil and acne than experience this tingling feeling.
Pro: Got relief from bad sinus infection within one dayCons: Supremely hard on my stomach and energy level. If I was not nauseous, I had severe stomach pains and chest dagger like pangs. Also had the sweats. And yes all this even after taking probiotics and with food.
Worked great for infection but side effects were becoming disturbing after three days - bad taste always, couldn 't sleep, too much energy - couldn 't sit still, strange mental clarity and deliberate movements, frequent urination.  After 3 days I didn 't feel sick anymore but the side effects were too much.
Slow but steady results...Plaques are significantly reduced but whole areas of plaques are left slightly pink. I have new plaques in areas I have never had them before. Hands, forearms and biceps. They are small but a little unsightly due to the location. Whilst the initial titration of the Otezla was generally easy. The maintenance of 30 mg, twice per day is just simply unbearable. I am an up-beat, happy and balanced individual but after 40 days, I started noticing a slight inability to make clear decisions and felt generally gloomy. I also was noticing a lack of happy thoughts and feeling continually malaise. After my family asked me to stop the Otezla, I spoke to my Dermatology group who have reduced the dose to 30mg per day.
I had a very serious seizure combining Ultram with Prozac, something which unfortunately many doctors are not aware of (like my brother, who is an ER doctor and disputed me that this was the cause until I steered him to the relevant literature, since I too am a scientist). However, I was also at fault for forgetting to tell my doctor that I was taking Prozac from my primary care doctor. I essentially was out for several minutes, severely bit my tongue, had a concussion from hitting the floor. I was very close to getting into the car to take my 5 year old to preschool. So please, please, be very very careful when mixing prescription medicines.
I barely started taking this birth control 2 weeks ago exactly. The first week I was fine, however in the 2nd week of taking them I got my period, I have been bleeding heavily the entire week. I normally have my period for about 5 days, 3 heavy days and 2 light days, with minimal cramps, however this period has been going on for about 7 days now bleeding heavily the entire time, my breasts are in excruciating pain (my breasts normally hurt before I start my period not during my period). I have been so tired sleeping by 9pm. I have had the worst cramps, dizziness, some headaches, and I haven 't had an appetite. I 'm going to finish the birth control for the next 3 months and hope that things get better.
Well I took augmentin for 5 days and I solved my problem along with a probiotic. But it had started making me nauseous and felt like vomiting. I would say it effective though.
My partner has ED occasionally. He was advised to try Viagra. It was effective after about 2 hours when he achieved a really veiny, stiff erection. This was a great improvement and lasted as long as we needed and again the next morning, however, the side effects were unpleasant flu like symptoms ( ie. headache, sore throat, blocked nose etc.) which lasted for many days after. For this reason and due to the high expense we will only use this on  'special occasions ' from now on, until we find an alternative.
First time on provera and I must say I 'm very drowsy. I 've always had irregular periods and my obgyn prescribe provera for me... keeping my fingers crossed 
Taking for uti,taken before while I was on chemo/radiation worked great..9 months later I couldn 't get out of bed my muscles in back neck hurt ,if I moved wrong muscle spasms took advil seemed to help sleep in chair all night. ..stopped taking...sucks cause I 'm on vacation
I have been on medication for a couple of years on and off. I don 't really think I get the full effect of it because I miss doses due to me working midnight shifts and this drug makes you very sleepy and hungry.
I have been so moody while on this! I bled the whole first month (which I let slide because my body is getting used to the hormones). But I can 't get over feeling exhausted and depressed all the time. I 'm switching to another kind today.
This is the second type of birth control pill that I 've been testing out. The first one that I was on gave me severe headaches practically everyday. Luckily with Aviane my headaches are gone. This is my 3rd month on Aviane and it 's been okay. I 've been having breakthrough bleeding and a few pimples here and there whenever I am about to start my period. Also whenever I am about to start my period I get depressed and I get really bad cramps. I am most likely going to switch to a different pill. Hopefully I find one that 's right for me.
This pill is a super strength Rx form of Aleve. If you have chronic pain it 's good for inflammation of the joints that narcotic meds just cover up. Take them for breakthrough pain prn with food. They can be hard on your tummy like Tylenol type meds. I 've lived with severe pain since 1989. In 2003 I was crushed between my back bumper of my car after running outta gas and the front grill of a Blazer SUV. My left leg was degloved. After a long hospital stay and many surgeries they saved my leg by reconstruction. I finally found a pain management Dr after jumping thru lots of hoops. I always fear loosing my meds before. I get where I no longer needs. them one day ( I hope). Good luck to those that aren 't so fortunate as to find a compassionate Dr.
I agree, this medicine is grueling along with the Ribavirin pills that need to be taken but it works. I 'm 6 months into treatment and at 12 weeks my viral load was &quot;undetectable&quot;.
Helped the inflammation and pain, but gave me insomnia.
I 've started on Lutera due to the fact that my last birth control pill caused mood swings and low libido.  Otherwise, it was a great pill.  So far with Lutera, my mood swings are gone but I have spotting after hitting the 2nd week mark.  Never had this before, so its incredibly annoying.  Giving it time to work itself out and hopefully things improve!
So I got my nexplenon in October 2015. Its been ok so far I got my period for 3 weeks. After that its just been spoting here and there that I can deal with. What I can 't deal with is the constant headaches. And I feel tired all the the time also have real bad stomach cramps
Night time Nyquil worked and relieved my stuffiness and allowed me to sleep a full 8 hours;  However I did awake in the morning with excitability and extreme Hypertension.  This condition resolved after discontinuing night time Nyquil.  This medication is no longer for me for this reason after using it for 10 years.
The symptoms were improved, but not to the extent mentioned by other reviewers of this product. The gel was prescribed for use twice a day but at the end of each day had redness, itching, and scaling again.
Panic Disorder/Bipolar/Manic Depressive: Today will be my 7th Dose, I am having a love hate relationship with my Paxil, it made me EXTREMELY tired for the first 4 days, headaches on day 4 &amp; 5, Dizziness day 2-7. I feel spaced out &amp; every morning I wake up &amp; want to stop taking the meds because of how I feel. I am not like &quot;myself&quot; BUT, I didnt like myself to begin with, I suffered from panic attacks that last for days on end with only relief from Xanax. I would have anger outbursts towards the ones I love the most. Now, although my world feels off balance, I have noticed less anger and more smiling. I am going to stick with it for another week, even though I know tomorrow I will want to stop again. Just hope side effects lessen.
I was prescribed this for breakthrough pain, but it did not help it at all. I also got severely depressed the first day I started taking it, and it did not let up.  However, the one thing it did help with was my MAV (migraine associated vertigo)!  Immediately after taking it, I was no longer dizzy!  Every day I took this, I wasn 't dizzy and could actually function normally.  I would have stayed on it for this reason but the depression was too much.  My sleep specialist also almost prescribed this for my insomnia but I was already on other antidepressants at the time.  I 'm no longer on any of those (It was PMDD the entire time) but still this wouldn 't have helped anyway (like every other sleep medicine I 've tried).
I took Lexapro for approximately 3 years for OCD and panic attacks. Initially it did help the OCD and anxiety, but I then seemed to adjust to it and it did nothing for me anymore. I did gain about 15 lbs on it. It took me about 8-10 weeks to get off it and I have to say the withdrawal is the WORST feeling in the world.  Now that I 'm free of it, I 'm back to the OCD and panic attacks, but can 't say I would go back on the Lexapro.
I have had the Liletta in for almost two months. I had clear skin before. Never in my life have I had such horrible acne. My skin is constantly oily. The texture of my skin is almost sticky and is not smooth at all. I have a mixture of blackheads, whiteheads every day. I consider myself to have high self esteem in general, but now I avoid the mirror and don 't like people looking at me. If this acne doesn 't go away in the next couple of months, I 'm going to have the IUD removed. My gynecologist said the progesterone is local and doesn 't have similar effects as the pill, but that 's clearly not the case.  Other cons include daily breast tenderness, decreased sex drive, and weight gain. If you can be disciplined, use condoms, not hormones.
I 've had rheumatoid arthritis (RA) for 35  years. I finally found a rheumatologist that was very good. I started on Plaquenil, which was great, but I developed an allergy to it. Switched to methotrexate oral, but had a hard time tolerating the nausea and diarrhea. Switched to injectable methotrexate, and had no nausea, limited diarrhea. It worked moderately well for the RA. Not completely pain free, but could do most things most days. I got cellulitis while on it, so had to go off for about 3 mos. When I went back to it, it didn 't seem to work quite as well, and I realized I was experiencing more side effects than I was aware of the first time: thin skin, dermatitis, bruising, bleeding, hair falling out. New rheumatologist (my good one moved) decided to try Arava.
I took Pristiq for the first time today. Along side of Deplin and ADD medication. I thought it would be a good idea to take all this at night. Not so much. I am wide awake and have to start getting ready for work in 2 and a half hours. I have struggled with depression and anxiety for years now. But I must say today has been one of the best days I have had in a long time. I am sure me making a change in the right direction has something to do with it but still very happy and excited.  I have had yawning already which I have experienced before on anti - depressants and I also have dry mouth. I have a pretty good cocktail going on but it had to be done.
I 've taken 20mg of citalopram for a little over two years and while it has helped ease my depression and anxiety symptoms, I 'm not sure the benefits have outweighed the issues. My mood has improved overall and I have far fewer panic attacks than I used to, but I definitely have weeks where I feel absolutely terrible again and its effectiveness seems to have worn off over time. The biggest problem I 've had is that it 's caused issues with my attention span and I my head feels foggy much of the time. My doctor suggested cutting the pills in half and that seems to be helping, but because of the haziness I am really considering a change in medication.
Lexapro (which is called Cipralex here in Canada) was what they put me on when I first became extremely anxious (after trying talk therapy and Ativan when needed). It KO 'd my anxiety extremely well (alongside continued therapy). Not only my acute anxiety that was causing panic attacks and made me unable to leave the house was handled, but the social anxiety I 've lived with all my life. However, it caused me to gain a significant amount of weight, my emotions were somewhat blunted, and for the first few months I was on it, I would get quite sleepy in the morning. It did stop working for me after about 2.5 years, but as short-term anxiety treatment it served me well.
I 've  been on Invokana for a month. I take 300mg Invokana  &amp; 2000mg Metformin a day. I 've lost 12lbs since I started Invokana. The first 2 weeks of taking Invokana I had to go to the bathroom literally every 45 minutes day &amp; night. Now it 's every 90 minutes during the day and once while sleeping. I had a horrendous yeast infection. I was constantly thirsty (worse than when I was first diagnosed with diabetes). I 'm still thirsty even after drinking 14 to 16- 8 ounce glasses a day throughout the day. Every morning I wake up thirsty. My BG hasn 't gone down much, but I haven 't been able to exercise in 2 weeks due to a back strain and my eating habits have changed a little, but they still suck. Invokana is probably ok.
34 year old suffering from swollen prostate medicine worked good but had to stop taking it do to back pain that spread to my legs.
It did empty my colon but very expensive.
This pill might work well for younger women (late teens). I took microgestin at 16 and had no problems with it. It worked great but now retaking it in my mid-twenties, I experienced insane emotional breakdowns with this birth control. Those side effects are real! I have taken 2 other types of birth control (loestrin and depo) and neither gave me bouts of intense crying. Very unpleasant and I had to stop taking it. I also experienced nausea and tummy aching if I took this pill without food. I think at 16 my body tolerated the excess estrogen differently. Now in full adulthood my system reacts terribly to this birth control. Emotional breakdown and super intense crying is a real side effect.
I took Qsymia for resistant metabolism. I am 5 '6.5&quot;, workout 5-6 times a week (6 miles walking (I try to maintain 15 min miles with lots of hills), spinning, pilates) and have always ate well. My endocrinologist prescribed it after every test came back normal. The Qsymia was awesome.  lost 20+ pounds and got down to 149 and took the medium dose for 18 months. But had hair loss; found out topiramate (one of the two ingredients in Qsymia) can cause this. So sad to come off the Qsymia, but thin and bald are probably not the best look for me. 10 pounds back on my dr. prescribed Belviq XR (won 't give me phentermine alone). First dose today, skin has burning sensation, NOT hungry, feel a bit &quot;high&quot;.  will discontinue if weight does not drop in first few days.
Working very well to control blood pressure; but am having stomach and bowel problems. I would like to see a lower dosage available as I have to watch very closely to make sure blood pressure isn 't too low. 
I just started using the patch yesterday and after sleeping I saw that the patch was starting to come off.  I had to put medical tape all around the patch to keep it on; but even the tape is folding up I am not sure that this patch will last longer than 2 days. I am afraid to take a shower because I think the thing is going to come right off.
After 4-5 months on the med, I am having problem of discomfort in one eye.   Feels like foreign body.    Cannot use latanoprost two days straight as left eye feels like I have something in it. I am seeing doctor tomorrow.   Hope he can fix the problem.
I 'm 19 and I started taking 100mg Vyvanse a day when I was 17. Before Vyvanse I took Focalin. I love Vyvanse except for the fact that it doesnt last for the full 12 hours. When I first started on it, my senior year in high school after I had my daughter. I had never felt so confident. I made high honors and was like smart for the first time. I was capable of being focused of what was only going on in the classroom and didn 't have to worry about anything besides school. I just really hated when I would crash because then I would get tired and then didn 't feel like really doing anything. I do notice side effects but other then that I think it 's worth taking.
I had it put in place in January of 2008 and I love the way I don 't have to remember to take the pill.  The procedure was painless just don 't look while it 's inserted.  I have had horrible periods since though which is the only fall back but a big one.  I have periods for 3 weeks now and it 's completely unexpected periods where before when I was on the pill I was regular.  Now I have to decide whether the long periods are worth it, to keep it in place.
I have been taking Ultram for about 2 weeks now.  The pain is still there but not as sharp as it was.  The only side effects I have encountered is cold sweats and erectile dysfunction.  I have heard that this medication causes the erectile dysfunction but did not believe it until now.
I had been on the pill for about 1 year.  The first 3 months were pretty bad, experienced nausea and stomach pains.  In the following months my acne cleared, my period pains were less and periods were shorter.  I feel I retain water and it shows I gained 10lbs.  I was more moody and worried about things that made me feel crazy.  I just recently decided to stop using the pill I want to get back to my normal self.  
I have been on Loestrin 24 for a year and a half now due to heavy periods and severe cramps and I haven 't had many problems with it. My periods have gotten lighter only lasting about 4 days and I have had little to no cramps. I never gained any weight and my breasts were never tender. Though, one side effect that I did always seem to have was yeast infections. Also, if the pill was missed or taken late, then it made me very nauseated and I had to miss class a few times. Overall, it was a great birth control but I am now switching to Ortho Tri Cyclen Lo.
My blood pressure has been around 165/93..it has been running this high even tho Im on hcz 25 mg 2x day and propanonol 25 mg 2xday. So my md put me on this med on top of the other 2 Ive been on it a few days..my mouth has been extremely dry..headache plus my bp was 86/53 this am...guess what its Saturday and it makes me itch
I was only on this med for about 6 weeks when I finally figured out it was causing severe joint pain in my knees and feet. Stopped taking it and the pain went away after one day. Also caused diahrea. I 'm going to try lowering my cholesterol with diet and exersize. Too many risks of side effects with statins.
Be prepared for a &quot;mental health day&quot;. My first 240mg dose wiped me out for a full 24 hours. I was dizzy and just plain off. Sitting to standing was a crash and burn experiment. It passed quickly and since 2nd day was okay.
Tramadol works as expected. It does just enough so I can remain functional without stepping up to stronger painkillers. Tramadol only works for me if I take the doses consistently. When I first started taking Tramadol it took about a week for the medicine to be fully effective.
I have had severe Panic Disorder and Anxiety since I was 18. I am now many years older and still have a lot of problems with it. I was prescribed Hydroxyzine and paxil recently. I take 25 mg twice a day as needed and overall, I would say they do cut the edge off and allow me to escape the fight or flight feeling of complete panic. The tired laggy drained feeling is a definite negative although I will take that over a trip to the ER anyday. Utimately I think other medications are far superior in truly calming the symptoms of Anxiety, actually calming the mind as well as the body. Hydroxyzine usually seems to just make you sleepy and kind of sleep the fear away, whereas other medications like Benzo 's calm you completely, without the lag.
I am a 52 year old male with bad fungus for years. Finally got sick of it and wanted to do something about it. Just finished 12 week treatment. Do see improvement but not all gone. Small toes look good but big toes have a way to go. Hopefully will continue to get better. Weird taste in mouth time to time. Stomach issues periodically. Stayed away from alcohol for full 12 weeks. Liver function tests a couple of times with no issues.  Not the best of experience but not the worst either. Grin and bear it.
Within few days of taking the pill my acne cleared up.  On the other hand I have gained 4 pounds out of nowhere.  Feel bloated, nauseated.  Is a shame that side effects are so undesirable since it does work for my acne.
I had Mirena placed after the birth of my second son and have had it almost two years. The first year was fantastic, I had little or no bleeding at all. Now, I have longer, heavier periods; excessive moodiness; and bleeding between supposed regular cycles. I think it may be time to remove it.
I switched to Cryselle after a terrible experience starting birth control with Junel. On that, I bled without break for months. So Cryselle seemed like a God-send when the bleeding stopped and I had no spotting between periods. Minimal side effects besides increased acne. My skin was fine before, but I 've been on this pill for just under a year now and in recent months have developed horrible, painful cystic acne. I am looking into a new pill now.
I am into week 3 now, haven 't had a smoke in a week. When I was smoking, i became very ill. I still get very sick to my stomach, dizzy, constipated, gas, metallic taste in my mouth, everything           smells bad, and my skin is super sensitive. I don 't think I would have been able to quit without it, but I don 't think I need it anymore.
I took this for prostatitis last year and I 'm on it for the same thing again this year. Last time i was on it, it helped the infection but the infection did not completely go away, and I had to go on a different antibiotic. I have had a tough time getting a good night of sleep since I started taking it. I wake up many times a night and lay awake in bed quite often. It 's annoying but I 've had worse drug interactions. It 's extremely cheap which is a positive.
The insertion was a breeze but the two weeks following it I was depressed and had a ongoing headache. I was on my period forever and it seemed like having sex caused me to have my period. I talked to my doctor about my continuous period and she prescribed me medroxyprogesterone. Its a pill that you take for 21days to stop the bleeding, it worked until a few days after I stopped the medication and my period came back. I 'm on my third bottle now. My only issue are the periods but I doubt I 'll take it out of my arm. I don 't know if weight has anything to do it, I 'm 5 '6 and 118 pounds.. everyone 's body is different. I didn 't get acne or weight loss/gain.
44 year old male 5mg/daily helped some in achieving and maintaining an erection ... however, the few times I doubled up and took 10mg actually did the trick for me, although it was still nothing like being 19 again.. maybe more like being 35 again. Pleasant, few side effects.
Some personal background: I 'm 22, no kids, 115lbs, I work out 3x a week &amp; eat moderately healthy, &amp; my period has always been irregular. After 3 months of rarely using condoms &amp; mainly relying on my bf 's &quot;pull out game,&quot; I got tired of being paranoid every month of the possibility of being pregnant, so I decided to go on the pill. First month, it was great! No side effect. I loved it. 2nd month, bloated + boobs swelled/tender + constipation. 3rd, all same side effects from 2nd month + mental &amp; emotional instability + gained 15lbs. Although I never got pregnant &amp; it regulated my period with perfect timing, I couldn 't take it anymore! So I quit it after the end of my 3rd pack, &amp; my body + mental health immediately went back to normal.
I had a foot fracture 10 months ago and had my screw removed three months ago. I cannot take oral NSAIDS because of a stomach problem. I was taking lortab every day, one or two, in the later part of the day to make it through. I used one inch of Votaren Gel where I have the residual arthritis and covered it and taped it. After two hours I went for a walk and was able to walk farther in the same amount of time and without as bad of a limp. This morning my foot was tender. I don 't think I will use it when my foot is really sore. I have learned to back off or pay for it the next day. There is always a trade off when I try to medicate this kind of pain.
I 've been taking Giavni instead of Yaz for three weeks now.  These brands have the same active ingredients.  The difference is the stabilizers or the process used to bind the two chemicals together.  The binder Bayer uses in YAZ is structurally different from the binder Teva uses.  I  wonder if it also changes the pace or manner that the active ingredients are released in the body.  Just a theory.  I have not had problems with generics in the past.  The way I feel right now reminds me of how I felt three years ago before I began taking Yaz.  I called my doctor for a new script.  I 'm hypersensitive to medications in general so who knows what the culprit is.  A doctor or pharmacist should know whether your concerns are common or not.
I 'm currently taking Camrese. I had no complaints my periods are shorter and bearable and my face is clear. I thought I was perfectly content until I realized a few things. I have night sweats, my boobs hurt,  I 've gained like 20 pounds and I think  I am depressed
Went to the dr...realized I had bv...asked dr for creme flagyl but I was prescribed the pills instead. I eat ice usually everyday and drink only water... since the pills, I have had this metal taste and water especially doesn 't taste right.. tastes like lead or something....food everything... how long does it take for this taste go away
I had unprotected sex and took Plan B less than 24 hours after. A week later, I began to bleed for three days and by the fourth it was a brownish color. Im not sure if this was caused by the plan B or it 's my period because I got my last period July 9th. I recently got very sick, sore throat, cough, back pains, tender breasts. I also threw up this morning. I have a doctors appointment tomorrow and will see if this was caused from the plan B.
Restarted this medicine 2 weeks ago.  Only problem I have is lost of appetite.  I was on this medication this year and still the same. No major side effects.
Imuran seemed to help for a few months but after prolonged use it weakened my immune system too much. I started getting colds about every three weeks. Which made me feel run down and tired more so than just having colitis alone, but it did at least calm my symptoms for a while.
Have been on and off hizentra for a few years. It really works; however; my hair is thinning and my hairline receding. I am tapering off now in order to save my hair but I am exhausted and starting to feel sick again. So frustrating.
I am on my 3rd injections on both knees and in severe pain. The first one wasn 't too bad, second was pretty bad, this time I can barely walk. The Dr said I should start getting some relief soon so I 'm really hoping these work. I don 't want to scare anyone away from getting these shots, I don 't think my reaction is typical.,
The flavor of the drink made me gag and feel nausea. I was only able to sip it with a straw. I made it 2/3 of the way through the first drink before I was too nauseated to continue it. If I had not been sucking on lemons (as suggested by other reviewers), I would not have managed to drink the 2/3 cup. Regardless, I was in the bathroom within 15 minutes of my first sip of the drink, so this prep did what it was supposed to do. At 3:00 a.m., I started to drink cup 2. I could hardly stomach it and began to gag after drinking perhaps 1/4 of the cup and could no longer continue. However, even the 1/4 cup put me back in the bathroom, and when I went for the colonoscopy, I was told I was fully clean. I guess I did not need the whole dose.
I 'm 23 and I 've had my nexplanon in my arm for about 2 month now , took me a couple weeks to realize that this birth control definitely affects my mood. I 've been crying over the littlest things , I have been very emotional and I 've never experienced this kind of change due to birth control ever so it must have a lot of hormones in it to make me feel so depressed for no reason.  Also I 've been breaking out on my face and spotting, I haven 't bled a lot which is good and its the only reason I still have it in. Also pain in my breast and tenderness.
Today is Sat, and though I finished my amoxicillin (dental infection) on Wed, the side effects of vaginal dryness, burning and itching are still here.  I 'm an RN, so I know side effects of Amoxicillin and I know Miconazole topical can itch and burn.  I used the generic version of the 1-day Monistat ovule- (1,200 mg miconazole nitrate), b/c you can use it during the day.  OMG! 30 mins later, the itching/burning became unbearable- fire ants are an accurate metaphor. I took 50 mg of Benedryl and put an ice pack on my crotch.  I cried.  A lot.  It was intense but it lasted only about an hour.  Now it feels like a hot throbbing but it 's not painful- an unpleasant side effect of the medication.  Hang in there.
I was surprised when I read all the comments about the side effects, I should have read this site before I took Movantik. I also though I was going to die, I had all the side effects listed here. I 'm afraid to take it again. I 'll try cutting the pill to a quarter and see if it works without the side effects.. I will keep you posted.
I 've been taking Xarelto for 5 months for a blood clot brain . I 've felt a range of side effects including : dizziness/vertigo, headaches, photosensitivity, lesions on my nose, ear and tongue, sinusitis, nausea, diarrhea, HEAVY menstrual bleeding, and general aches/fatigue. Basically, any kind of infection I get is much worse than it would be normally. I haven 't had any major bleeding events, but my periods have been debilitatingly heavy.As far as effectiveness, it has worked for me and I have not developed any further clotting, which is the most important thing. Not sure if other blood thinners are as effective and have less severe side effects, but if they are, it probably would 've been worth the extra trips to the doc for me.
I take 2mg it makes me calm but also depressed and sad with no energy. Mary
I have been using this product  for 15 days along with a oral pill and have not seen any changes in my back acne. Going to use the bottle until it runs out. Have moderate back acne.
In January 2009, I was prescribed Dilaudid 8mg (2 tabs 4X/day) to battle break-through pain, in conjunction with my constant regimen of OxyContin 80mg (2 tabs, 3X/day) therapy. It was as though I had been given a placebo. No effects - neither positive or negative. I have a high degree of opiate tolerance, which renders pain management a difficult chore. My doctor switched me over to morphine sulfate immediate release back in August (30mg, 2-3 tabs/every 3-4 hours), which (to my system, at least), is far more effective, despite the fact that Dilaudid 's efficacy is about 6-7 times that of morphine 's.
I was on vacation when I started feeling symptoms: fever, body aches, weakness etc. Once I got back into the states I went straight to urgent care as my symptoms continued. Dr gave me Tamiflu. She said it 's most effective if taken within the first few days the symptoms start, but hopefully it will help shorten the time left. My fever and body aches were gone by the next morning thank god. I did experience some dizziness in my head, no vomiting but severe diarrhea.. oh god, my stomach feels like it 's on fire from the inside. I didn 't eat much in the days prior to taking it but I made sure to eat a little something before each dose. I 'm unable to return to work until I can get my stomach issues under control. Stopped taking after 2.5 days.
I can not get over the nausea that starts after the first chug. I know I have to try to plug my nose and swallow. Tried the variations of liquid with it and this being my third, nothing helps. I resist puking as long as possible. I went the entire day on clear liquids, until after that first bottle. Yup. I ate four crackers. That did help some as the taste left is absolutely awful. I would rather take any pill (in any combination of pills) than drink this!!GI Specialists, please listen. We take time out of our busy lives to actually Share &amp; Voice our concerns and opinions. We want a different choice. Why??THE TASTE MAKES US PUKE. The taste does not go away. This impedes proper preparation and care. We deserve better.
Worked great up until Tuesday when I had a sudden attack of dizziness that dropped me to the floor.  This continued for two days and I finally called the doc yesterday who took me off of it.  I went back to lexapro as I had no side effects with it.  It 's too soon to tell if I will have any withdrawal from it, but I 'm hoping not, I have a busy day at work today.  I 'm glad to be off it though, I had a dizzy spell a few minutes ago but it was not bad and stopped quickly.  Guess I 'll stick to lexapro and just deal with the depression as it comes.
Well just started these pills this month, on my third week and I could already feel some minor side effects. I started cramping within the 2nd week, I 'm a little bit more moody, and my sex drive definitely decreased mainly because I 've been cramping a lot. I will give it a couple of months before I decide to switch. Hopefully it goes away.
My Testosterone was 47 and I 'm 39. I feel no power and always tired.  Before the Androderm I was on Testosterone Cypionate injections. With in 250 for every two weeks my test on Testosterone was going to 1200 total after three months. Fill great, no side effects and all my fat is gone, looks more skinny and muscular. With the Androderm 4 mg I can say it works probably less then half. No side effects but I see more fat again on my budy and no power. Please give me my injections back.
After 12 rounds of Avastin which were effective in bringing down my protein marker CA 125 to 10 to 14.  However, I experienced numerous side effects (thankfully not all at the same time) which I was able to handle.  Following the 12 rounds I was no longer able to tolerate Avastin as I had very high numbers showing protein in my urine. My oncologist was concerned about kidney damage and I stopped taking this drug.
My first Mirena, I had for 5 years.  insertion was simple, no pain no complaints until Anxiety and ovarian cysts  started, they were the worst, but I managed.  I am now 33, had my 2nd one inserted and cramped, spotted or a light period for first 4 months.  I ocassionally have periods. Had a cyst rupture the other day and anxiety is getting pretty bad again but I tolerate it.  Its been a little over a year and the other night the strings cut my boyfriend!  I was so embarassed, he told me hes been able to feel them the whole time.  So careful with this,  I can handle a few things, but a 2 inch cut on him is not something I can deal with.  Loved the worry free birth control but its time it must go.
I had mild water retention (about 5lbs), moderate bloating with abdominal pain, and persistent diarrhea while taking this pill.  The first few days of taking Junel I had nausea, vertigo, and blurred vision.  The nausea and visions problems disappeared within three days, but the other side effects continued with use.I was taking this for endometriosis to try and help relieve my cramps.  I was disappointed because instead of having pain only the first couple of days of my period, I was left with daily abdominal pain and then my period pains were definitely elevated (from and 8 to a 9 on my pain scale).I 'm off this pill now, though, because I experienced migraine with aura.
I took plan b in july26 about 10days after my period and didnt have my period in August. I thought I was pregnant  and was very worried but all pregnancy test came out negative. My next period was supposed to be in September 12th but it eventually came in September 18. Just a few days late. That means there was no period for 2months. Anyways plan b worked although it might affect your circle.
Long history of medications.  Primary issues are addiction and ADHD (addiction to ADHD meds).  Now I believe it is somewhat of a misdiagnosis.  Regardless, unemployable, bad dreams, and unable to get out of bed.  Must switch probably to Latuda (hopefully).  Would not recommend.
I 've been on this birth control for almost a year. It started out great and my periods were regular and light. My breasts also got bigger, which was an advantage. Right away I noticed the biggest change in my lifestyle: my sex drive plummeted and I became extremely emotional. I went from having sex with my boyfriend every day to maybe once a week, and it so difficult for me to get turned on. I 'll watch a commercial with a dog in it and cry, or sob uncontrollably when my boyfriend does something nice for me. It 's ridiculous. I also gained a lot of weight since starting Mononessa, and always feel tired and foggy. It has been effective with preventing pregnancy, but is not the right birth control for me.
After reaching a plateau on Prozac, my doctor switched me to Paxil.  My dosage was increased several times, but I felt great while I was on it.  After about 18 months, I decided to quit taking it.  The effects of trying to quit this drug on your own are horrible:  extreme nausea and dizziness, headaches, inability to eat, all of which rapidly increased.  After 2 weeks, I had to resume taking it.  After speaking with at least three different doctors and many pharmacists, they advised me it would take at least a month to wean off the Paxil and onto a new anti-depressant.  It was a rough transition, but I am so glad to no longer be taking this medication.  I wish I had never started in the first place and hated feeling addicted to it.
All was good until week four. Then nausea appeared. Read a post on here to take Bonine prior to taking contrave.  It works! No nausea. I am down 5.5 lbs and that is really good for me. I eat only healthy and exercise at least 4 times per week.
I have been on suboxone/bup for over 5 years for chronic back pain. At 1st it was a miracle drug(sub) but over the years I was switched to bup. At about the 5 year mark the drug(bup) stopped its effectiveness so I switched back to suboxone. Same story the drug gradually lost its effect on my pain so tramadol was added. Soon I found myself In serotonin crisis. I had falls, shakes and memory loss. My Dr doesn 't believe me about the sub not working anymore. Is there anyone out there that has been on the drug suboxone or buprenorphine for 5  years for chronic pain. I would love to hear from you
Love the medication itself BUT the plastic is too hard to satisfactorily press to get two or even sometimes one drop to release. I hope they address this immediately because the cost of the medication Vs the questionable ability to apply is making me rethink using it.
Ok so I started B yesterday morning I have been getting heaches and I 'm very tired. I hope this goes away. I can say that my hunger has changed since day 1 I 'm a binge eater I was really worried that I would have no control and I actually do ! I can usually eat two bagels this morning I can only eat half of one. I have faith that thing will turn out great
The procedure for skyla was painful but doable for anyone. I got it done at 830am and was at work for the day by 1030am. It was a little painful throughout the day. I 've had skyla now for 8 months and absolutely hate it. I bled constantly for the first 4/5 months and now I have a period for 2 weeks. I have become depressed and have severe cramps that I never had before. Cramps so bad they wake me up in the middle of the night and I just yell in pain. My husband has noticed a big difference in my emotions and attitude. He says I 've been a lot more emotional and sad since the IUD was inserted. Needless to say, I am having it removed. I would not recommend this to anyone, although it has been extremely effective.
Sadly after over a year of severe pain I have been diagnosed with fibromyalgia. PCP started me on gabapentin about 2-3 weeks ago. At first I thought it was wonderful as after 300mg at bedtime I was able to at least lay in bed without tossing and turning in constant pain and during the days I was able to feel nearly normal again. But for the past week my pain seems to have come back with a vengeance and now are shooting pains in my legs and forearms mostly. Also experiencing some vision issues and some orbital eye pain. Maybe this is to be expected with fibro, its all new to me.
This prep is disgusting. I suffered for hours. I tried mixing iced tea with the prep as my Dr. directed, but that didn 't make it any more palatable. It made me gag each time I tried to take a sip. I took very small sips through a straw. I blocked my nostrils with tissue to try to reduce the nastiness of the flavor.I would not recommend it, although my Dr. said I was well prepared for the colonoscopy.
Doctors gave this medicine to me thinking I had allergy. I thought it was cold. I didnot have any runny nose, itchy eyes or anything as mentioned on the label of the box. I took Claritin-D 12 hrs when I felt I got congestion in nasal passage and felt like mucus was passing through the passage between nose and throat all the time and got different side effects all the time. This time I had severe side effects like started feeling feverish, heart was pounding faster, felt extremely weak; then I read about the side effects on this website.
I 'm not sure what to think about this form of birth control. Insertion wasn 't all that bad, and I had it done a week before my period was due. It mostly hurt during the measuring but it only lasted for a second. I was able to go about my day as usual. For the first 3 months, I actually had more bleeding and more cramping. Now, a year later,  I don 't bleed much and I don 't cramp either. Sounds good, right? Well, I have had issues on this too. I have experienced pain in the pelvic and abdominal region during sex with this. I take cranberry pills but I still get cloudy urine and sometimes I feel like I have to pee even though nothing more comes out. I also cannot do exercises at high intensity without bleeding out my crotch.
This pill worked fine for birth control, but I felt really down for about 2 weeks before my period. My mood swings were horrible.
I had the Skyla implant done on October 19th 2015. It was by far more painful than I was imagining it was going to be. I had started my period the day before and I was only spotting. I wasn 't told to take any pain medicine before I went, but after reading the review on this site I wish I had. I was given pain medication to numb the area but it didn 't seem to help at all. It took my OB about 5-7 minutes to insert the device and while he had the applicator in me it was the worst pain I 've ever experienced. I kept covering my mouth because I was practically screaming because of the pain. It felt like the doctor had a stick and was just moving around in my cervix and my stomach. Terrible cramping for the first 2 days but no more pills for me!
I 'm on 4 mg of ropinrole and that use to be enough but lately it is not. I was told by my Doctor not to take anymore then 4 mg per day. But I can 't take it the past two days I have taken 5mgs per day does anyone esle take more then 4 mg per day
It works. I don 't take it everyday, It makes me feel out of it and pretty tired. Not as strong as benadryl which knocks me out cold but still it 's pretty strong. If any of these OTC medicines had any type of euphoria they honestly wouldn 't be that bad lol, but they just make you feel like you haven 't slept in 2 days. I wish I could find an allergy medicine that didn 't make me feel tired and weird. I 've tried non drowsy Clartin but it doesn 't do anything at all.
So I had my mirena IUD put in about 3 months ago. I had a pretty uncomfortable experience with insertion but it was manageable I guess. So everyday for the last 3 months, since the day I had it put in, I 've gad spotting/bleeding. It looks like for the past week or so it may be starting to wear off FINALLY! So supposedly this mirena is supposed to help with acne. Let me just say from my experience so far, it had not helped my acne in any way. In fact, it has made me breakout like CRAZY!!!!! I will say that so far, I have not had any large amounts of bleeding at all. So that 's a plus. Another thing I find absolutely horrifying about this IUD is my mood swings! MY LORD! I can 't believe the miserable mood swings I get!
It is difficult to rate this medication. I have all forms of Neuropathy, very painful and Lyrica has been the best so far at eliminating pain, allowing me to overcome the insomnia from the Neuropathy and opiate medication. Even at very small doses. I take 50mg once daily before bed and it works. The problem is the side effects, the worst being that after three days my eyesight is so degraded that I can not drive, I cannot read anything on the television 6 feet away, there is some eye pain and my eyes seem dry and burning. Eye problems can be serious. Wandering eye, crossed eyes and most commonly blurred vision. It also causes peripheral edema in my legs and feet.
I was on Tri-Nessa for almost 6 months. It did its job on birth control. My acne was almost gone with this medication, and less hormonal during my time of the month. Worked great for me. No abnormal bleeding with this one.The bad effect that happened to me: During the 6 month period, I had gained 25 pounds. I went from 110 to 135lbs. I wasn 't like a twig, I was fit. But then after this, I got tired and just ate all the time. I also would get really nauseous from the first 2 weeks. Works well, but the side effects were bad.Everybody is different, but this is what happened to me.
Had been on Prozac - that pooped out.  Then Effexor, its was okay.  This okay, but I get the dizzies every evening as the product wears out.  Doctor tried Wellbutrin - not a good fit as I got just plain mean.  I wish I could find a good medicine that sticks with me, doesn 't have me put on weight, and drag me down.  Mood is okay, but just okay.  Not interested in much as I used to be.
Have been on Livalo for a few years, 2mg a day. I 'm a female, 58, 5 '3, normal-petite. First I have to say reading all the reviews r not useful to many people. U cannot compare yourself to a 75 yr old or a 35 yr old or even female/male. I feel u can only find answers when u compare yourself to the same type of person. I do not take any other medication except for Xanax for panic/anxiety disorder. After a few years of taking Livalo I 'm experiencing horrible joint pains in my toes and feet. I feel like I 'm 78 when I get up in the morning. There is no history of arthritis in my family. My mother lived to 94, my dad 92. They had little health issues but not til they were old. I 'm so depressed now, I don 't want to be around friends. My feet hurt
I use Coversyl Plus HD..It has a diuretic. I don 't know if the medication is working or not, because I take Doxazosin &amp; Atenolol as well. There are some days when I feel light headed for a couple of hours, then that will wear off. I don 't know if the medications are to blame, or if something else is going on. I saw an Internist last July, &amp; he blames the lightheadedness on the Atenolol. garbage.!I know my body, &amp; I 'm sure it is not the Atenolol. I have muscle problems in my neck, also disc problems . I have burning sensations in my legs (blamed on what 's going on in my spine). I 'm at total wits end with it all. I was taught that if there 's something going on in the body that 's not normal,then of course the body will react= hypertension.
Made me moody mid cycle and really pms-y the week before my period. I lost my period for a while there and they tried me on this birth control to help it start up again. I didn 't gain weight until about 6 months of taking it, I started to baloon up from 117-132lbs. I 'm not very tall so it was noticeable. It made it hard to lose weight. It 's been a week since I 've stopped the birth control and I already feel less hungry and less puffy. Losing the weight will be no problem now I feel.  This compared to others was much better, but not for me long term.
I recently took this drug for 5 days and had complete relief from my irritable bowel syndrome. However, that said, the side effects were horrible. I was the &quot;Poster child&quot; for adverse reactions ...arrhythmia, constipation, hallucinations. My brain felt like it was in slow motion while, my body was moving at a rapid pace. I saw my Doctor who explained to me that this each individual is different. I gave it a 5 because it did help my bowels feel fantastic.
Am overweight with type 2 diabetes.  Saxenda got my numbers down great, but I am so sick I can 't  take it anymore. Throwing up, diarrhea,  pain..it is awful. Lost 10 pounds in 3 weeks.
I am 17 and have been taking this since 8th grade. I was diagnosed because I would get into trouble all the time and when I first started taking it, it was great. I stopped getting into trouble and so on. Now, 4 years later I feel it is completely different. Rapid heart rate, anger, don 't care mood, dizziness, but it still makes me focused. I 'm tying to get off it, but making slow progression because I 'm really ADHD, my friends concur. The crash after taking it for so long feels like dementia. I only take it on weekdays and could relate to insomnia because I getless than 30 hours of sleep a week. 
I had unprotected sex two days before my period ended and he came in me. I still took the pill a day later out of precaution even though I was on my period. It is two days after I took the pill and there is so much pain I cannot express. I restarted my period completely even though I was off my period for only a day. I 'm drained of energy and having severe cramps and muscle aches. I really hope this is a sign I am not pregnant.
Made me gain 140lbs over 6 years, no one told me about how steroids affect your sugar and insulin. I 'm now diabetic. If you use this medicine I would strongly recommend talking to doctor about a carb free sugar free diet to avoid weight gain and diabetes. Did not help with pain at all. Helped me regain control of severe asthma for that I 'm grateful.
Have been taking for over 1 week now  fibromyalgia pain, I am sleeping much better and my pain is 1/2 what it was. I was told to give it 2 weeks but  I felt better after one day of using it
I 'm 38 and I 've been on Pristiq for about 3 weeks now. The depression has lifted, but I still have anxiety. I take Norvasc for high blood pressure (my blood pressure has been controlled for years).  My blood pressure feels like it is getting higher as I am on this drug. I was having wine at night on this drug, but I am going to stop doing that and maybe it will lower my blood pressure. I really don 't want to stop taking Pristiq. I 've lost 5 pounds. I 'm starting to worry about going to the Doctor all the time to &quot;change my medicines&quot;.  I feel like I 've tried so many.  I just want to feel NORMAL for a change.  
I got the implant inserted 3 days ago the shot wasn 't so bad actually but the insertion hurt maybe because the doctor placed it in the wrong area from where she gave me the shot.In the first 30 mins I felt my vision blurry and everyday since then also the insertion area is really tender and every time I make a certain moves with my arm I feel pain in that area hopefully that goes away I can 't say anything about my period yet until I get it...since I barely got it a week before the insertion
I 'm on day 5 of half a tablet. Pretty much getting all side effects that I don 't want. Brain not slowing down, insomnia, nausea, less sex drive, no appetite and headaches. However, having read all the reviews today I will persist. Like everything in life, we have to give it a go. My manic depression has been up and down all my life and I 've been mainly on Zoloft in the past but that just didn 't work in the end. I will give the the four weeks but think I will stick to half tablet. Thanks to everyone for sharing your stories, you inspired me to take today 's tablet. Here 's hoping I will be back to functioning with a less hyper mood swinging personality soon.
I bled/spotted a lot at first, but pills are convenient and easy. They do not cause any other side effects for me.
So I started using the retrieve cream 0.5% about 2 months ago I started off with mild acne after day 1 of using the product my skin become worse I cannot hide it all I always have too go on here too read the reviews so I can stay positive about it working I also use cetaphil as my general face cleanser and cetaphil moisturiser to combat dryness has anyone else had there acne seem really bad using this product but then clear up at some point ??
Used it before, but then had it changed to Symbicort. No way of telling which one is better.  I seem to get a lot of head colds and sinus drainage with both.  Now my MD is putting me back on Advair 250/50, but I doubt it will be effective at all.  I walk 5 miles a day in an hour and 13 minutes.  So if my time improves a little, then maybe it does help more than Symbicort did.
Getting it put in was painful and felt like bad cramps but it wasn 't to bad.  I was very informed and had very heavy periods before getting it done.  I got it put in 3/09/16 and now that it 's 4/30/16 I haven 't stopped spot bleeding or cramping.  I have another appointment on the 8th to cut my strings further.
I am trying several sleep medications, one after the other. Started with lunesta, then trazadone, the hydroxyzine, then Benadryl, then Aleve PM.All of them have similar side effects: post nasal drips, drying out the body, eye pain and dryness, daytime drowsiness, and constipation, sometimes severe. Trazadone created an urgent urge to have a bowel movement. All in all, most of these sleep aids are on worth it, in my opinion.Yet to try all-herbal products like chamomile tea, valerian root, and melatonin.ThanksNara
Didn 't help my anxiety at all although it does have serotonin in it. However, did help me see reality a bit clearer and begin to feel good emotoons again. Sadly had to get off of it because it caused an allergic reaction after four days with hives and itching. Also made me feel foggy brained, shame after spending $87 on a months worth and having to quit after four days.
I was give. Spironolactone by my gynocologist for adult acne.  I took the medication for 2 months and it did help somewhat with my hormonal acne.  The only side effect I expeirenced was break through bleeding, but it was so extreme I decided to stop using the medication.  It was like I was on my period every two days.  The bleeding was not just spotting, it was full blown menstral cycle bleeding.  It was to the point that I had to wear coverage daily because I never knew when it would start or stop.  I know two months doesn 't seem like a long time but to me the acne I had was not worth going through that everyday.
I got the iud inserted May 2016 since then the acne has been horrible, cramping off and on all month. If I cramp there is sure to be bleeding or I will pass small pieces of tissue. I have no kids and I am seriously thinking about having it removed. Not happy at all!
I was prescribed rexulti by my pdoc a few days ago. Just wanted to put my input that may help others with this medication since the med hasn 't even been out for a full year yet, at first i was scared to take it but gave it a shot anyway. This is day 3 for me the side effects I 'm experiencing is exhaustion and my mind feels a bit foggy. However, I have noticed i laughed and am not as irritable as I was a few days ago so that 's a good sign. As time goes by ill come back with an update.
I fell in 2014 been  on morphine for a year in a half  I broke one leg and shattered my ankle in 3 places have rods in both legs and screw and bolts I 'm on 15 mg 2xday and dilute with it I went from 4xday to 2xday wanted to come off of it but wanted to up the morphine but pain dr wanted to leave it the same but anyway the pain is so bad sometimes I can 't do nothing but cry
I have been poorly for 3 weeks when I started to take this antibiotic. Now feeling alot better after 3 days although not 100%. Day 3 started to get looser than normal bowel movements and slight color change too but will monitor. 
I was prescribed generic for Wellbutrin 10 days ago, I felt great first couple of days, but last couple of days I feel really depressed, constantly crying and yelling at my husband and kids for no reason. Just left a message for my doctor to call me back to see if we can change either dosage or the medication period.
Experienced rapid heartbeat and bloodshot eyes on second day as well as blurred vision on the fourth day.
Yaz gave me immediate bloating, gas from the day I started taking it. In addition, I had severe headaches and fatigue. My breasts grew a cup size which was bad to me because they hurt all the time and my boobs aren 't small to begin with. I wanted to sleep all the time and was ready to be in bed by 7pm every night. It made me lose my desire to exercise. On a positive note, it made me feel a lot less anxious than Loestrin 24 FE did. However, the cons outweighed the pros for me and I started Loestrin 24 FE after and like it much better.
Had my Skyla IUD inserted on the 4th and the insertion part for me was very uncomfortable &amp; painful... I cried while having it inserted. But was comforted the whole time, which made things better. After having it inserted, I went home and rested with my heating pad. No pain meds taken before or after my insertion. Cramping took place several hours after, would stop and return shortly again. On a scale from 1-10, the cramping was a 7 the 1st day.Week 2: occasional strong cramps in my admoninal area, light bleeding/spotting, feeling nausea, bloating  (common side effects) Will try this out for a couple months, if no sign of improvement or better comfort will have taken out. FYI everyone 's experience will be different. Be your own judge :)
Dulera works for my asthma but it seems to be causing some weight gain.
If you 're one of those girls who wouldn 't stop bleeding with the depo shot, then I suggest you don 't get it. I have had my period for the the last four months and I don 't see it going away anytime soon. This wouldn 't normally bother me, but recently it 's been affecting my sex life. My boyfriend wants to wait for my period to go away. Unfortunately, that may not be for the next 2 years and 8 months when it 's time for me to get this removed. It 's a great strategy for preventing pregnancy. Except, for me, it 's also preventing me from even having sex. This was suppose to let me have sex without worrying about getting pregnant. I don 't have to worry about getting pregnant because this also seems to prevent sex.
I have polycystic ovarian syndrome and have heavy bleeding. I didn 't notice any side effects but it didn 't stop the heavy periods. Took it for almost 3 years.
Took Percocet for 3 days after losing a couple of finger tips to a slamming door.  It certainly helped with the pain, but made me nauseous, dizzy and drowsy. I had to lie down most of the time I took this drug. I got off it as soon as I could.
I am a migraine sufferer. They tend to last for several days before I start to feel relief. Relpax for me doesn 't seem to change that. Even after multiple doses I continue to be in agonizing pain. But not all medicines will work the same for everyone.
This will be graphic so you can know what could happen if you get this IUD. I have not had children. When the PA put skyla in, by opening my cervix (hurts extremely bad), she described it as a few cramps but it was nothing like a cramp to me. (I told my sister and she said it is more like contractions.) I cried out in pain and the PA tells me that some women pass out from it because it effects a nerve that can make you pass out, vomit, have diarrhea, etc. She didn 't tell me any of that before! I felt so sick, I couldn 't walk out of the place until I went to the bathroom to throw up. I also had the other side effect before I left. Since then, I have cramps and spotting regularly. After sex, I have cramping. I wish I wouldn 't have gotten it.
I got implanon February of 2015. Also I am 4&quot;11 100lbs when I got it so I was fairly tiny before. But the day I got it in my arm I had bruising for a whole month. Didn 't get a period still haven 't. My moods vary from super bitch to quiet and tired. I eat ALL the time but can 't gain any weight. In fact I 've lost 10 lbs since being on it and I hate it. This thing has made me moody. Have dry skin. I have lost weight and hair. Besides not getting pregnant it 's doing its job.
Horrible aftertaste that lasts at least 8 hours. The taste comes about 5 mins after I take it and that 's when I know it 's working.  Otherwise I can 't tell like I could taking another popular sleeping medicine. It 's increased my depression and anxiety. I 'm getting put back on my previous medication in three days due to the horrible after taste. It 's chemical tasting. Nasty.
This is a really interesting medication based on the wide variety of experiences people have taking it. One person here said they constantly forgot things and had thoughts of death *before* taking Wellbutrin, whereas those are the symptoms I have *after* as side effects of Wellbutrin!  Also, I did have immediate success with this exact same medication dosage around 9 years ago (was on it for 3 years until it got less and less effective and I quit). This time, I 've only gotten those negative side effects I mentioned. My doctor says give it 6 weeks, but it 's been 4 and no benefit at all. Strange. Apparently, Wellbutrin 's effectiveness can change over time even for the same person!
I recently had to stop taking Azor (5/20) due to severe itching (feet, legs, hands, scalp, back, and around my lips). Azor did work well with keeping my blood pressure under control.  I was taken off of Lisinopril for the same reasons (10mg). I just started taking Bystolic (10 mg) today and hope that this will work without any really uncomfortable or painful side effects.
I 've been taking this pill for almost a month and this is the first birth control I 've ever taken. My periods always came the same time for about 5 days once a month but now that I 'm on this pill I 've had my period for almost 9 days and still heavy bleeding not to mention I shouldn 't be starting my actual peroid for another week or two. But I do have to say my face is really clear though I usually don 't break out that bad anyways. Also haven 't noticed any weight gain yet. My sex drive is still very high but I can 't do anything about it when I 'm continuously bleeding all the time. 
49 yo male, generally healthy including normal blood pressure.  I had a bare metal stent placed in a main artery and have been on 2.5 mg of Bystolic for 3 months now.  For the most part I feel good. The subtle changes to my body I have noticed include uncertainty, forgetfulness, fatigue and working at a slower pace. Never being on any medications prior to my procedure I became concerned  and phoned my Cardiologist.  Their reply: &quot;Oh we hear that all the time from patients on the drug, it 's normal.  You body is adjusting as it would to pair of new eye glasses&quot;.  It didn 't make me feel any better.
Okay I just switched from using Differen which helped my skin but didn 't completely cure it. I have always had mild to moderate acne. I went to my dermatologist and  I started using Retin-A every other night for the past weeks and few days. I 'M BREAKING OUT LIKE THERE 'S NO TOMORROW. This is awful and I have to go to school during this. I really hope this is just the initial breakout, and I 'm not one of the people who end up saying this left my skin worse then when I started. I 'm going to give it another month or two.
It 's extremely effective as far as not getting pregnant, but those side effects are something else. At first when I first got it it was right after having my son so probably like 2 weeks after my 6 week check up. I bled for at least 2-3 months it was absolutely horrible. Not a light flow either. I 'm gaining literally a lot of weight, at first the weight gain isn 't noticeable, but then it just hits you. I haven 't changed my eating habits or anything. Even joined a gym, but that doesn 't seem to help. My depression is at an all time high. Really Moody. And sometimes after I have sex I bleed for literally a week or two. I really don 't recommend it, because of the side effects.
I was prescribed Levaquin following a week of taking Cipro.  The Levaquin has caused serious and chronic diarrhea that continues even being off the medication for over 2 weeks.
I had tried Loestrin for about 6 months and didn 't really like it! I gave it a 5 because it was an effective method of birth control which was the main reason I tried it but the one thing I didn 't like was everytime I missed a pill I started my period. But the thing I hated the most was it would make me dry out during sex, SO EMBARRASING. Never again! I 've been off it for about 4 months and its still happening wouldn 't dare recommend it.
So I switched from the pill which was great aside from having to remember to take it. The NR isn 't terrible but I will be switching back cause out how broken out its caused my face to be (i never, aside from the day my period starts, get breakouts) I don 't like how much it has increased my discharge or the feel of it rubbing during intercouse. I was hoping this would help with decreasing the emotional effects that I was having with the pill but only a month in and it 's the same. Also it wraps around my cervix making it very aggravating to remove or check its position.
My breasts hurt, I get mood swings, headaches, a lot of nausea which in a way is good because I lost a few lbs instead of gaining weight. However, it gave me depression. On the other side periods are great, very light and no cramps or anything. I tried NUVARING once and I had this horrible discharge so I stopped using it and I 've been on Alesse in the past but insurance doesn 't cover it. My main reason to take birth control is to prevent ovarian cyst. I hope it works because they are very painful. I think I 'm going to keep using it for another month, see what happens. 
Have been on this medicine since February following a lumpectomy. After reading the other posts I now realize the stiffness and soreness in my hands might be s side effect. Happens every morning. Also have severe flushing and sweating which is new with me. The worst is the swelling in my feet and legs..severe at times. I am now aware all of the above started after February. I will discuss it with my oncologist. Very thankful for this forum.
I had been on Levora for about 5 years.  My insurance put me on that from Levlen (which I had been getting at PP when I had no insurance).  The first few years were great- didn 't really experience any weight gain, acne increases, moodiness, etc and it prevented pregnancy as it should.  In the last year or little more though my experience changed. Levora absolutely started killing my sex drive to the point where I couldn 't care less if I had sex, lubrication was very low and it also took longer to climax.  My doctor switched me to Junel Fe and after 1 month I 'm far happier than on the Levora.  I 'm not sure if my body changed, how it reacted but it certainly didn 't like Levora at the end.
I got the liletta March 14, 2017 after I gave birth to my first child on January 21. Procedure was very quick like 5 minutes but the pain I have experience since doesn 't seem to be worth it. I have spotted every single day since I got it which I hate because I don 't like sleeping wearing panties sometimes but have to wear a pad 24/7 now and bad uterine cramps. My uterus sits to the back so I also get bad back pains as well. Every time I go to ER they do an ultrasound and say everything looks fine. The strings are very long out my cervix and I 've had discomfort during sexual intercourse almost every single time. Seems to be effective for preventing pregnancy so far. Just a lot of complications to adjust your body to.
So I decide to get Implanon after using the pill and getting pregnant while taking it. After I had my son in 2008 I had Implanon inserted. In the beginning I had terrible terrible mood swings. I was always angry and impatient, and I thought this would pass. I still get the mood swings but not as often. So I can 't say if I am just crazy or if it is the Implanon. The reason why I am not a big fan of this is because when I got pregnant with my first child I weighed 170 pounds I gained 12 pounds during pregnancy and dropped it almost immediately. Got pregnant again gained 19 pounds, lost 9 pounds by the time got the Implanon put in. I am now a lovely 202 pounds, so on average using this product I have gained about 11 pounds a year.
I originally had implanon years ago when it came out. I LOVED IT! it was great. never gained a pound, never went through any side effects and never got pregnant. When the 3 years was up, I had it removed and went on the pill because they didn 't offer implanon anymore for whatever reason. In December, I had nexplanon placed. Thinking because I did so well with implanon (after my Dr told me they were exactly alike). Wrong. Between horrible weight gain, fatigue and mood swings, I 'm so done. made an appt to have it taken out. CANNOT WAIT!
I got the nexplanon implanted on December 1st 2016. I have had non stop bleeding, when I got it I as 102 now I am 124, I have very bad mood swings, and I 'm constantly tired. For the past month or so my stomach has been non stop hurting and causing me to puke. I got on this because my mom insisted I get on birth control and I saw that my cousin had it and it worked for her. She ended up having to get it removed because it moved around too much and hurt. I couldn 't do the pill because it made my stomach hurt and I don 't like shots. It is now July 5th and I want to get this thing removed. I talked to my doctor about two months ago about this and he said just give it a couple more months. Needless to say I am getting this removed. Do not recomd
Well even tho I read the comments I still decided to use it. Ummm it 's about 3 hours in and I 'm just feeling anything. I can 't say it 's a burning but feels more like peppermint is on it. Like a intense cooling. But definitely not burning. On the other hand I am having some cramps. I really hate cramping! Hopefully it works! I guess I don 't have a sensitive vag after all lol.
Started victoza 2 months ago.     I was great at first.   Got up to 1.8 mg.  After 3 weeks got so sick ended up in hospital  with 2 bags saline and anti puke meds. Told to lower does then go back up so I did.    And 4 weeks later I 'm back to cramping and puking and diarrhea, burps that smell like rotten eggs.   The first time this happened I thought it was because of salad .. Tomatoes tasted like rotten fish.   Now come to think of it.  The salad and seafood.  And this time I just ate. Seafood again. I  guess better not do that any more.  I would love a bullet in the head right now the pain is horrible ... Lost 23 lbs so far.   I hoping I can hang on for a few more months with now serious effects of it. Getting the gastric by pass...
I have been on Topamax for about four years now. I think the drug works however, I have developed Kidney Stones. I guess I am one of the few that do but I did therefore, I am seeking other drugs. As most have stated, my taste changed and anything with carbonation was terrible for the longest time. I eventually pushed through the changes and now everything pretty much tastes the way it should be on the medicine. I have allergies so the headaches I experience are mostly caused by that (which is why I think I have been pushed up to 200mg a day). Just a forewarning to everyone... When they say drink water DRINK!
It says it takes 6-12 hours to kick in but it did not work for me until 17 hours. I huffed and I puffed and I blew that stuff out.
I have been on Apri since I was 18 years old..I am now 24. Using apri, it has always done its job in regulating my period and keeping me obviously from getting pregnant and I have been happy with that. However, if you have a sensitive stomach I recommend something else. I am going to be changing my birth control soon due to the fact that when I take my pill... couple hours later I vomit uncontrollably until its ran its course though my system. I 've tried everything I also work in the medical field so I have tried things even beyond the norm. Yet here I am 6 years later still with my head in the toilet. If you dont have a sensitive stomach this birth control is excellent, if you have digestive problems or sensitive stomach, I do not recommend
I have been taking this medication for 6 months, so far it is working ok with no side effects.
I have had diagnosed Polycystic Ovarian Syndrome since 1991.  Years of problems.  I tried Metformin the first time around 1995 and it did nothing.  I had weight loss surgery in 2010 and got to just below 200 lbs.  Hormones actually got worse with weight loss and a year later to the day, I had a full hysterectomy.  6 months later my only ovary started kicking into overdrive.  Crazy hormones, cravings and of course ruptured cysts...all the time.  Doc decided to try metformin and said it could be different this time.  After a week I noticed great results.  2 weeks in I got so nauseated that I thought I had the flu.  Then the headaches.  They tried to diagnose me with migraines at the age of 42.  It was the Metformin.
I 'm now about 10 weeks pregnant horrible sickness was in ER for dehydration they prescribed me Zofran for the nausea. It works great its fast an effective I just don 't like the side effects I 've had horrible headaches and can 't go number 2. I 'm grateful to have the sickness feeling go away but I don 't know if I can deal with the headaches.
I took 1 tablet at 12.30pm, it 's now 17.14pm I hear the cramps usually start around 5 hours after, I have had one BM but that was through serious pain and felt  (lodged) sorry for the tmi. . had no &quot;serious&quot; cramps, a few mild but as expected with laxatives! hoping it stays like this and I 'm able to pass BM normally again within the night! busy day 2moro!
I just got diagnosed with IBS and was given Bentyl to get rid of the worse cramping pains I ever had. It worked great but caused severe panic attack. Had to switch
I am 17 years old, I 've always had a problem focusing in school. Eventually I was taken to get tested and I did in fact have A.D.D . My doctor started me on 50mg of Vyvanse. My first day taking the pill was amazing and so was that whole 2 weeks. Its now my third week on Vyvanse and I 've been having rapid heart rates, blurred vision, and feeling very jittery/shaky. I 'm curious if my dosage is too high for me. I 'm also afraid that if I get my dosage lower that it will no longer work for me. 
I 've been on Rytary for 6 weeks. I take it 3 times a day, 3 pills at each dose. It is unpredictable at times. There are days that I get a full 6 hour benefit without wearing off. But food creates a problem with its effectiveness. There are other times that I 'm on an empty stomach, but it does not allow me to have mobility until it kicks in. Other times it kicks in right away, then there 's a period not working so well , and then it works again at the 5th hour. I 'm really studying all the variables such as my sleep, food intake and stress levels. If I have stress, Rytary ceases to work. Perhaps I need to increase my dose. I 'll discuss with my doc this week. But overall it has been much better than Sinemet which gave me 2 1/2 hours.
Nefazodone was finally the first antidepressant to work for me. Unfortunately, six months into the treatment I started losing my memory and cognitive abilities. It 's been six months since I 've stopped the Nefazodone and I still haven 't gotten my memory back fully. I 'm honestly scared right now because it feels permanent. I looked it up online and other people have gotten the same side effect. At first I chose memory loss over depression but then it got the point where if I just took my medicine I wouldn 't remember if I took it or not. So I chose depression over memory loss. Now I 'm depressed again and have memory loss.
The doctor prescribed this along with an antibiotic.  I have taken 3 doses as prescribed and have had little relief.  I have used the OTC Uristat and had more success.
So I 've been on this birth control for about three months. In the beginning I was hungry all the time and it really upset my stomach. After about three weeks that was gone and it was awesome. No babies. Easy periods almost no cramps it was too good to be true. Now here I am three months into the pill and I 've hit a horrible depression. I 've never been depressed. But everyday I cry and get so sad I can 't go out and I don 't want to eat or do anything. I 've diminished. So I 've decided to get off the pill immediately. I think I 'll stick to the condoms. I would rather use condoms than be overwhelmingly sad all the time.
I had sores in my mouth, hands turning dark inside and cracking in the skin.  I am tired and I have nose bleeding but not enough for medical treatment.
Been prescribed xyzal for years. Just recently bought it over the counter for a cheaper price. The plus with this medication is that it helps a bit with my rhinitis and eliminates my hives completely. However, I 'm now reading about drowsiness side effects others have been experiencing and wonder if this has been the cause of my fatigue.
Knocked me out quickly but made the morning after impossible. MuchToo strong for me.
Periods went away completely, Gained 15 lbs, nausea often, but did prevent pregnancy.
I have no side effects with reglan after 3 months of use. It works well when combined with Nexium, this combo is only med that works for my gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD). I have tried them all and these 2 medicines reduce the GERD down by approximately 75%. I also have my bed propped up at the head by 6 inches.
My dr started me on 20mg once daily.After a few months with no improvement he raised it to 40mgs.After about 2 weeks at this dose the depression subsided some and also my anxiety as I found myself reaching for my Xanax less and less.However after about 5-6 months the depression and anxiety came back and my doctor told me raising the dose would do no good.So,that being said, if you need an anti-deppressant to get you through a rough patch in your life (divorce,holidays,death of a loved one) this seemed to work very well just after about 6 months I was right back where I started. *Another benefit is it 's generic (Fluoxetine) in many stores is only $4 for a month supply.Ive seen some Anti-deppressants cost well over $100 for a month*
I 've had Skyla for about a year &amp; a 1/2 now. I 've never had kids and could never remember to take the pill everyday. First of all, when I went for the procedure, that I was told wouldn 't take long and wouldn 't be painful, was actually the worst pain I 've ever experienced! I PASSED OUT from the pain when she inserted it. Not to mention the cramps I 've had continuously every month since having it inserted. I had to see a new Dr due to our hospital closing &amp; I told her I wanted it removed. She did the ultrasound and convinced me to keep it. I 've been considering to have it removed &amp; take the pill. I 'm just now losing the weight I had put on, &amp; taking pills is nothing new for me now. I 'm tired of the cramps!
It improved my mood significantly and made me sleep well, but I gained a stone in a month which made me more depressed, also feeling chronic fatigue all the time which made working impossible, not being able to exercise and continue gaining weight made it counter productive. Also I feel because I forced myself doing all the normal stuff whilst being exhausted, I was becoming ill very often.
Taking this for sinusitis.  I am an adilt taking in suspension, as I have trouble swallowing pills.  It says grape and is purple in color but it tastes terrible.
The Feldene dulled the Temporomandibular Joint Disprder pain some but did not take it away.  I often had breakthrough pain when on the Feldene.
Been on Forteo for a week. Rated a 5 - neutral - as beneficial effects are yet to be seen. Learning the injection is tricky but you get the hang of it. So far, no side effects. If it builds bone without the long-term negative effects of the bisphosphonates, I 'm for it. Hopefully one day a competing product will make it less expensive. Anyone with dizziness or tiredness should have serum calcium checked and their supplements and medicines adjusted before giving up.
I was put on the 10mg...it kind of helped with the pain but I feel dragged down from it and people keep telling me and asking me if I was tired or sick. I 'm young, well 34 and I have 2 children 7 and 17 and I 'm not wanting to do 2 much these days because of it. 
Worked great for my depression, at a low dose, for many years.  They started me on a high dose and it made me very anxious.  Unfortunately after being on Paxil for about 6 years it lost its effectiveness within a week.  I still haven 't found a replacement for this.
This is my second month on Lutera and it has sucked. I just had news that I may have a blood clot in my neck because of the med. It has caused me unbearable migraines and a bit of vision problems. My doctor has just told me to stop because I am very likely to get thrombosis because of this  birth control
This drug probably kept me from killing myself, but missing a dose once after using it for almost two years and I was diagnosed with withdrawal.  It hurt. Bad.  Worse was getting was even my Psychiatrist called &quot;brain zaps&quot;.  They started out very infrequent and weak, but as time went on it was torture.  They were around the clock and even woke me up every night several times each night.  I almost want to leave my email if the drug company wanted to talk to me about it, but can only imagine the emails I would get from everywhere.  Best wishes to all.
I am reading these reviews and I 'm so thankful that I googled it. Echoing so many other reviews, I was about ready to never use this again and have been almost in tears at how bad the itching and burning is. It 's starting to die down, but I am very relieved and calmed by the fact that others have shared this experience and that its normal. I didn 't follow the directions and used the applicator stuff house before bed time. This is day 1 of the 3 day treatment. I wish I had waited because I got about 3 hours of feeling nothing at all and then there was itching more intense than anything I 've ever felt and I was about to cry because I thought I wouldn 't get any sleep tonight. But I see now that it 'll probably stop soon and I shouldn 't worry!
I 've been on Losartan for 2.5 years. I haven 't had an issue with it until the past 4-6 months. I 've been experiencing dizziness, headaches, generally nausea and malaise... and a significant amount of hair loss. I 've been checking my blood pressure multiple times daily for the past week and all bp reading have been higher than before I was placed on bp meds. When my diastolic is above 100mmHg is when I become symptomatic - dizziness, nausea, headache, heart pounding... etc. I have been thinking these symptoms could be thyroid related... however now after reading other 's posts and I 'm wondering if it 's not the losartan. The high bp on meds has been quiet concerning. The hair loss has been depressing... but manageable. contacting DR on Monday.
I started this pill as my first pill ever and it definitely helped with the intensity of my heavy bleeding issue prior to starting the pill. However, I noticed a lot of mood changes, a decrease in sex drive, weight gain, lots of spotting, and I never missed a pill. I am switching to Beyaz now hoping to get better results.
Changed from Candesartan/HCTZ to this because of too frequent urination.  Probably worse now at 4 or 5 times per night - really affecting sleep.  On the plus side, I 'm fine during the day and my BP has dropped from 140/90 on the previous medication to 125/85. I 'll live with it.
I have been on this medication for two years. It has been very affective in preventing pregnancy but the weight gain has been outrageous. I gained 30lbs since having it inserted. I 'm vegan and go to the gym 3x a week, also I have a very physical job and still gained weight. Come my 3 year anniversary it will be removed and I will try something else.
I was put on Safryal two months ago after being on Camresem due to breakthrough bleeding. Safyral definitely took care of that issue, but it came with several others. I now have very painful cramps just before and on my period. My periods last 7 days and are very heavy (which is normal for me off of birth control), and I 'm constantly bloated. I also get headaches more than usual, and have gained about 4lbs and cannot lose weight at all. Going tomorrow to hopefully switch to a lower dose again.
I like this medicine, but unfortunately developed an allergy to it, yes contrary to ANYONE 'S belief I AM allergic to Benadryl. My legs started to get really, really hot and felt like I just had to stretch them and run them under freezing cold water, then I woke up with hives all over.
I gave my 4 year old his first dose at 7 am on a Friday- by 3pm he was running, hitting back flips off the bed and could not stay asleep. I called the doctor she said discontinue. His heart was beating out his chest- I was so scared I sat and watched him all night and his heart beat like that through the next day. No more stimulants for him. 
Just started Contrave today. I 'm 5 '8 female weighing 211. Hope to see some results soon. Will update after 1 month. So far, I 've had no side effects, but have still been hungry.
I have acne and I used this product. Monodox did not clear my acne, however it did keep it from flaring and becoming worse. I am no longer using this medication, but I guess my experience was okay.
This product is okay.  I have never gotten pregnant, but experienced bleeding.  I previously had Ortho-tri Cyclen.  No complaints.
My taking Lyrica was in combo with Tegretol and a few others.  It made my finger ends and toe ends  tingly and numb at times. It did help my Face Pain a bit. But then the skin on my finger ends split constantly and then the inside of my mouth began to peel constantly as well.   Ugh!     I had to go off of it as it simply was not helping my situation of Face Pain, however, I can see where it MAY work for diabetic or MS pain of toes and fingers.
Good for birth control and no period! But I have the worst acne  and I used to never have any :( and so much weight gain
I had acute mastitis. I was prescribed cephalexin and after two days started getting tightness in my chest and some nausea and mild headaches. I stopped taking it. However, on the plus side, the infection went away and I didn 't have to take any more.
I have been on birth control for about 5 years but I had to switch brands due to Yaz being discontinued. I tried another brand at the beginning of the year with no luck. I 've been taking Trinessa for 2 months and I has been awful! I haven 't gotten pregnant which is a good thing but the side effects are extreme. I have gained about 5 lbs and I am bloated. I have had very bad cramps; they are so bad that my back even hurts. I have always suffered from migraines and they have been controlled but within the last week they have been awful. I am going to see my gyno next week to explore some other options. 
Was given this after three wisdom teeth were taken out.  Can 't say it made a big difference in the pain though I don 't know what it would have been like without it. It was definitely not enough to stop the pain.  Had to resort to the hydrocodone to withstand the pain. That was better than Toradol.  So overall, not a big fan of the Toradol.
I started taking this medicine two days ago.  I 've been nauseous starting yesterday, and started being fatigued starting today.  I don 't have many choices for antibiotics, and this one works.
I took cephalexin for a kidney infection and its been 2 days, the infection is feeling better, BUT I get EXTREMELY nauseous when I take the pill (3x 's a day). Also got yeast infections. 
I was happy with medication, as I did not have as many side effect, but on day 17 of taking it, I developed a rash on my stomach, next day chest and lower back, third day neck and face. It was the only thing I was doing differently, so I looked up its side effects. Rash was listed and could occur within 10 to 20 days. It is a Saturday, so as advised online I stopped the medication. I hope this a temporary condition, and I can begin again, or an alternative can be found.
Started on 1mg dose after being prescribed 2mg. I have trust issues with any med, blood pressure ok . Been taking it a month. Eyes are red and swollen, sex drive is about half what it was, having trouble getting erection, I sleep better but not worth the other side effects. Weight gain also. No more for me! I 'm not happy.
I was diagnosed with anxiety disorder which I knew I had but never treated as I was skeptical ...Using propranolol on 10mg 2 times a day or 20 mg at night never more ...it was ok for a short time and worked instantly but symptoms returned 3 x worse than ever ..I don 't take anything now and try not to rely to much on medication Anxiety never leaves me I 'm shaking now with nervesThanks but I wont take them again
I went on this because I am 36 and premenopausal with premature ovarian failure. My periods are 21 to 28 days apart with premenstrual migraine with vertigo and I 've had severe endometriosis with removal of an ovary and fallopian tube. I 've been on 5mg of Norithindrone everyday for the past 4 months. Side effects I 've had: nausea, breast tenderness and cramping at certain times of the month, headaches, weight gain (12 pounds in 4 months!) -I am hungry ALL the time! Big time Bloating!, mood swings, constipation. I have not gotten my period in 4 months. Night sweats are gone. And premenstrual migraine with vertigo has decreased slightly. I still think I have been ovulating and cycling only without my period (if that makes sense).
My blood pressure was improved with Lorsartan, but I had many side effects.  My blood pressure would drop to as low as 98 over 84 with heart rate of 130. I would be dizzy and so tired I just wanted to sleep. At least  once a week I would experience diarrhea. I coughed a lot and it was getting worse.  I had foot and leg cramps.  I was feeling terrible.  Since stopping use of this drug and improving my diet I am feeling much better and my symptoms have disappeared. My blood pressure is under control without it.  This drug is poison and was killing me.
I started Topamax two days ago. I was very scared to try this medicine because of all the side effects and put off trying it for years. So far I have had the numb/tingling extremities and what seems to be a bit of a brain fog (trouble focusing,recalling words) I also noticed that soda doesn 't taste the same. I drank one today and it was HORRIBLE! I also feel really lightheaded. I am determined to ride this one out for as long as possible, though. I 've tried most other medications without success so this really is my last hope.
I began this product last year and did well. Was switched to the pill but I cannot remember to take it, so yesterday my doctor switched me back. Today I feel very uneasy, sad, I 've cried all day.
I have been on and off prednisone for the last 10 years. The last few years I have been on it a lot more due to my severe, severe, severe Steroid Dependent Asthma that is not controlled with the medicines I am on including the Xolair Shots. This recent round I have been on 40mg since March 23rd until June 15th when I go back to see my Doctor. 
Lexapro was a life saver for me. It helped me complete every day tasks that I could not do before taking this drug. I 've tried nearly every other SSRI but this one was the best. The only negative part about this drug is the withdrawal symptoms. They are HORRIBLE. I recently found out I was pregnant and I had to cut down my dose according to my Dr. I was super dizzy, very faint and unable to leave my house. If I didn 't have to stop these drugs, I would still be okay. However, slowly weening off these drugs have caused me to slip in a horrible anxious state.
Was on this pill for three years for my polycystic ovarian syndrome. I loved it. No cramps, no weight gain, no acne, no spotting (unless of course I didn 't take it at the same time every day). Only thing I noticed was I lost my sex drive. I am somewhat worried too; I wanted to give my body a break so I was off the pill for three months and almost went bald. I 'm not sure if my PCOS caused it or my body became dependent on the pill and the lack of hormones caused it. So now I 'm currently seeing my doctor to resolve this problem and more than likely he will refer me out to a endocrinologist to help regulate my hormones. But remember each person is different and what worked for someone may not work for you and vice versa.
I have been on CONTRAVE now for 6 months I think.Working but not as potent as in the beginning.Exercising moderately as well.It was covered by my insurance but no more. I have lost 31 lbs.Still,I can 't stay on this med forever.Very expensive when paid out-of-pocket.I will try it one more month and then get off it.Side effects are still some dizziness and  intermittent nausea.
Diagnosed with TN about a week ago.  I tore a Cartilage in my right knee, which I thought was painful. Well, nothing compares to TN, rather have a daily torn cartilage than this terrible pain.Ended up in hospital being given Morphine, Diazepam, and a Diclophenac Suppository, which is not the most enjoyable method of administration.Doctor has prescribed Tegretol. This has provided some relief, in as much the frequency of the episodes has reduced, but not the severity, which has not been attenuated in any way. At least I can function better than last week. Though now I do feel a bit zombiefied, and as I am unemployed looking for work this does give me some apprehension how I am going to cope with pain, sedation, and interviews.I am a Brit
This was a big change in life with 50 mg taken at night for one week then went to 25mg in am.   It 's been 6 months and things are great.   I take also First Nutrients Nutrivie a natural plant base every day with 5 oz of water and that has been the best thing for depression and anxiety!    I wish more people new!   It gives you your life back.   Hoping everyone can feel good again.
I 've had Implanon in for three months now. So far I 've had bleeding (spotting) constantly since I have had it in, which is so annoying, slight weight gain and acne. Dizziness and nausea! I called my doctor and they told me to wait it out and usually after 4 months it will become normal again. I 'm going to wait a little longer but if nothing changes I will get it taken out. I have a very healthy and active lifestyle so I know the birth control has affected it. Me and my boyfriend enjoy it because we don 't have to use any other kind of contraception. I say try it! It 's worth seeing if it works for you, everyone is different
Found out my ex wasn 't so trust worthy after all found out after 3 years I have chlamydia... took the pills probably and hour ago and I 'm in the worst pain I 've ever experienced my stomach feels like someone is trying to rip out my intestines... im white as a ghost, I can 't get off the toilet I really want to vomit but I don 't wanna take these pills again, this pain  sure makes you wonder if you ever want to have sex again!
This medicine worked wonderfully for my pain from Undifferentiated connective tissue disease . I am 49 years old. After taking it  I had virtually no pain which gave me the energy to get things done. Unfortunately after taking it as prescribed 3 times a day for a few days, I had a bowel movement that was black diarrhea. So I&rsquo;ve been afraid to take it anymore.
I had triglycerides of 400 . Was put on crestor 5mg. After a month they were down to 280. By  5 weeks my legs and arms would wake me up at night with horrible aches. My feet got so bad I would get out of bed and have to hold on because the muscles were numb.  Went back to the dr. take it 3x a week now. No side affects. With coupon online I pay 1.00 for 30 day supply. Shop around.  Go back in 2 weeks will see if 3 times a week helps lower the t. at all.
I 've been on the Depo shot before and other than slight (maybe 3-5 lb) weight gain and slight mood changes I had no problems with it. I was off of it for about 5 months and just got back on it and in one week have gained 27lbs and get skin rashes pretty consistently now. My mood is ridiculous; I cry like every day, sometimes out of happiness, other times out of sadness.
I have been taking the general medication not the brand name for about 3 months now and after a couple of weeks I would be in a good mood and the little things that would annoy me wouldn 't anymore. I wanted to do things and not just be home all the time. But recently I have relapsed and went up on my dose from 300mg to 450mg and still feel depressed. I don 't know if my body is just tolerating it or what but I hope my depression improves.
I have been using diazepam for the last four years. I take 30mg per day along with a combination of two antidepressants and also an antipsychotic drug and nitrazepam 15mg at night. These other medications I have been taking for about 8 years. At first I had heightened suicidal thoughts and ideas of self harm with the diazepam but they decreased as time went on. I find the diazepam more useful sometimes but on other times they don 't really do anything especially if I am having a very bad panic attack. My severe depression and anxiety/panic attacks do result in me having to be hospitalized 2 or 3 times a year. 
Medicine worked initially to lower cholesterol but became less effective as time went on. Also, taking three of those &quot;horse pills&quot; twice a day is difficult!  They are huge pills.
I 'm male 58 years old. I 've been sick for sometime. Had been tested for Hep C before and was negative. Many doctors-varied opinions what was wrong. Then I walked into a doctor that in short after looking at all my blood testing had me re-tested for Hep. Surprise! it came back positive...This after I was scanned and showed stage 4 cirrhosis and basically felt like crap. Had a few other issues but doctor checked my meld count and got me approved for Harvoni and I have been taking for 6 weeks. Hard for me to say if medications side effects are extreme.  Have had similar issues for awhile but some days keep me up or weirdly make me groggy mid day. I 'll post again after my bloods done and see Dr next week. God Bless you all.
I transitioned to NuvaRing from Sprintec two months ago due to lifestyle changes that made it impossible to take a pill at the same time every day. Pros: don 't need to remember a daily pill... and that 's about it. I 've been bleeding for a month straight, my face has broken out, my appetite seems to have gone through the roof, labile moods, and the ring seems to always want to work it 's way out of place... Have to constantly push it back up. My first month 's ring actually must have fallen out, because it was just gone when I checked it one day. Not cool. Plus, my insurance only covers part of it, so I end up paying about $50 a month for it.I 've had enough, I 'm getting Mirena placed in a few days.
I had a UTI finished an entire prescription of macrobid. I noticed as soon as I finished the meds my UTI symptoms came back - so it didn 't work for m.  I then tried bactrim. The pain went away after 1.5 days of being on bactrim which was a huge relief but it is now day 4 and I am suffering from nausea, cold sweats, chills, insomnia and anxiety. It works for your UTI but the side effects are unbearable after a few days.
I was taken off Viibryd by my Doctor due to swelling and huge increase in blood pressure. It was helping the depression and sensitivity but had some strange side effects like numbness in arms and hands, tingling sensations in back and forehead, swelling of face, stomach hands and ankles. My face looked like a Marshmallow.
Been taking Zoloft for about 2 months (50 mg). At first my hands shook bad, I yawned all day long and was tired, and lost complete interest in sex.  I do feel better, I am not yawning and tired anymore, and my hands don 't shake as bad (still shake though). Still zero interest in sex.
I have been taking this pill for two weeks now and I have noticed I 've been feeling super fatigued. I am usually energetic and outgoing but the past two weeks all I have wanted to do was sleep, even while I 'm out with friends I 'm still tired.
I am on my third week of the Yasmin pill and my skin has got progressively worse than it ever has been before. I feel as though I have put on weight and I am also constantly bloated. I 'm hoping that this is normal due to my hormones trying to rebalance but I am afraid of staying on a pill that is actually worse for me.
I have been prescribed this medicine for my out of control blood pressure. First week no problems and my blood pressure went down tremendously. The second week not so good. I had muscle pains in my stomach and legs! Also my lips swelled up so bad! I couldn 't continue taking that now on just lisinopril.
I have suffered from depression for approximately 22 years, I generally medicated with alcohol and anti depressants. I stopped drinking over 2 years ago and my depression appeared to worsen however I was also noticing periods of wonderful happiness (which was unusual, but enjoyable!) which I could never remember experiencing before. I was diagnosed with bipolar in January this year, after coming off a 6 month high and plummeting into severe depression. I have been taking 1500mg of lithium and 375mg of Effexor for the past couple of months. I have leveled out emotionally, however am very flat, no enthusiasm or joy just really existing. I feel the lithium has brought me out of the living hell I was in but am still a long way from wellness.
I am having the worst itching/burning but like a past reviewer, I 'm assuming that 's the medication working. I just don 't know what to do to distract myself from the itching and burning. Should 've at least tried home remedies first to relieve the yeast infection symptoms. You live and you learn.
The shot is great for forgetful people like myself. Also if you have bad cramps and/or heavy miserable periods. I 've been on the shot for almost 3 years and it has been a good run; no period, no weight gain. However, I have absolutely NO sex drive. I feel out of touch with my body and emotions.
I 'm only giving this medication a 6 because it worked.When I drank the 2 pm drink, it took me 20 minutes because of the taste and I kept gagging. When I was finished, I drank the 32 oz of water with difficulty because I was so bloated and I felt like I was going to throw up. The Suprep started working in about an hour.Second dose at 7 pm comes around, and after the first sip I had to sprint to the bathroom and vomited everywhere because I couldn 't make it. It was horrible. After that, I got 1/3 of the liquid down and started vomiting again. After that I put it over ice and was finally able to get the rest of it down (took me a while). I never want to use this prep ever again.
The first week of Byetta 5mcg dose, no side effects, 6 pound weight loss but high blood glucose numbers. My Endocrinologist suggested I try going up to the 10mcg dose. nausea, gas, stomach upset and constipation. I ended up in bed most afternoons. Numbers are now good and I 've lost another 4 pounds. Too much lifestyle impairment due to side effects so I went back to the lower dose, still having stomach aches and constipation. I 'm giving it time, but so far this has been an uncomfortable experience.
When taking Atorvastatin I have developed many side effects. I have had headaches, dizziness, lack of energy, weakness, like I 'm always tired, chills, fever, cramps, sore eyes, and mood swings. Although this medication seems to work well.
I gave Belviq a 6 rating because my weight has been fluctuating between 180 - 185, it was usually towards the higher end.  Recently my Doc put me on Metformin as well because my blood sugar is slightly out of the normal range.  After I started the Metformin, my weight has remained in the low end of that range. I will say that after starting the 2 week trial (i 'm almost at the end) my portions are getting smaller and I do feel fuller faster.  Cravings are still there but it is getting easier to deal with. I try to stick to sugar free portion controlled desserts, like pudding.  I don 't expect to get mind blowing results on a two week trial, so I 'm willing to get a 90 day supply and see how things go.  I hope I can get over the 180 hump.
Was diagnosed with pneumonia 3 days ago had severe cough, diarrhea, and a fever of 102.  Was put on levofloxacin 500mg for 7 days started with a round of IV  antibiotics at the hospital the next day I was finally able to get out of bed, my cough was nearly gone and fever has subsided.  I did have a few negative side effects.  Insomnia, once I did fall asleep I woke up drenched in sweat, and just an overall dull feeling.
I was given two (months) free samples of this medication to regulate my extremely heavy &amp; long (month and a half) cycle. I have only been taking it for 3 days and immediately nausea, headaches, and mood swings have hit me hard! BUT after two days of taking the pill my period stopped. It is chewable and I was afraid of that but it has a really nice minty flavor. Hopefully after about two weeks or so the side effects will subside.
I have had the Implanon since September 2013. So for almost 7 months. First I had Depo. Great. I never bled once. But I couldn 't lose weight. I gained 20 lbs. Then I went to pill to try to lose weight. My period was TERRIBLE. So I switched to Implanon. I gave it a 6 because overall it is really good. Haven 't got pregnant or lost sex drive. Was able to lose the weight but here in the last two months maybe a little more, I 've bled non-stop. Its very light but so annoying. Getting it removed asap.
I had Implanon inserted July 09. I bled for the first month nonstop. My doctor prescribed estrogen pills and after a day or two my period stopped completely. I loved not having a period however I began to experience mood swings, since August 09. I am never in the mood for sex (my poor husband is suffering), I have dry scalp and my other part is always dry too. Lately I have been feeling terribly depressed (probably from the lack of sex).  I had it removed today and I am hoping these side effects go away immediately. I did not write this to discourage those who may want to try this birth control. This may not happen to you. But for those who use Implanon and are experiencing some of these symptoms just know that you are not crazy, get it removed.
I got implanon on Christmas Eve 2012 and I 'm making an appointment to have it removed- it 's now March 2014.  At first, I had periods for several weeks.  Then, later I would spot here and there. I believe after a good 6 months being on it I haven 't had a period, spotting, nothing.  So that part is fantastic. Not pregnant. Another plus. Bad parts?I have easily gained about 5-10 lbs and I can 't seem to shed them no matter what I do.  About 2-3 months after Implanon I developed seborrhoeic dermatitis around the crown of my hairline.  I 've tried everything and it will not go away (i.e.- cradle cap for adults basically). It 's bad, like really bad. I 've read reviews/side effects and it 's named as one.  Ugh.
Honestly, it didn 't noticeably work for my back and pelvic pain at first when i took the recommended 10mg dosage.  So instead of taking 10 mg, I took twenty. If you do that, it works enough to make muscle pain tolerable. I wouldn 't recommend taking more than 2-2.5 of the 10mg pills unless you want to sleep though. However. You will get the best sleep possible! If you take more than 10mgs, and taking tylenol in between doses. For extreme pain and discomfort.
Severe back pain and also in neck, shoulders and arms started after being on Abatacept for about 3 months. More muscular pain than bone pain. Looking to come off it as its becoming problematic. I 've been on 4 other biologic medicines and this was the most effective in getting flare ups under control.
Taking Bactrim for urinary tract infection, can 't sleep, stomach on fire, after first pill I felt like I was tripping on acid. On day three now and back hurts. Looks like I get to miss another day of work and go back to doctor.
I got the Nexplanon put in Novemeber 2016 and for a while, it was fantastic. I didn 't get my period which was great because I always got really bad migraines on my period and those stopped, didn 't really experience acne and I actually lost 20 pounds which was fantastic. I did however experience severe anxiety but I 've always had it so I don 't think it was due to the nexplanon. It is now August and I am starting to gain weight, am left with acne and acne scars and have been experience bleeding for a few weeks now which is a huge pain. I called my doctor and she said it that it 's all normal but what 's the point in having the birth control if I can 't have sex because I 'm constantly bleeding? Gonna stick with it for another couple months and see
I have had Implanon since March 2008 and the main side effects that I have are periods that are long lasting from 10 to 21 days, no libido/sex drive, and mood swings. My partner complains because I 'm frequently on my period, which can be very frustrating.
I took Mucinex for a bad case of bronchitis. It worked very well and I was finally able to stop coughing and start breathing again. The only problem was that it interfered with my sleep. I was awake most of the night and was not tired the next day. I had to quit taking it.
Caused nausea, dizziness
It works fine on simple heartburns but not on complicated ones.
I did not voluntarily take this my mother made me because i lost my v card at 17 but i was fine on it for the first 4-5 months but i always had pain in my ovary areas but it was fine. I actually liked it because i didnt have to worry about pregnancy. Now after 5 months i began losing my sex drive i couldnt get wet at all even if i was wanting sex. I began having severe mood swings and was so depressed i didnt want to be alive,and i got the ovary pains so bad i went to the emergency room and they just said it was nothing.The day i turned 18 is the day i got off.I immediately felt better and i even had a little sex drive.4 months off doing FAM birthcontrol still going strong. But this depends on you i liked it at first but not in the long run
I don 't know how anyone can gain weight on this drug. But I guess everyone is different. I have to force myself to eat and then I usually throw it up. However, when I 'm not sick to my stomach I feel ok. I wake up pretty happy. Slight mood swings. But it definitely took me out of the deep depression I couldn 't get out of. I have found I 'm interested in things I had lost interest in due to the depression. I 'm not sure if I 'll stay on it. It 's just ok
@Nishimaru2. I have the same problem your son does except mine is a bit...odd. If I 'm not watching what I 'm doing I 'll find myself in the bathroom plucking facial hairs with tweezers. Weird, I know but only on Adderall.
Hi I took Januvia for 1 year and 1/2 it was helping me regulate my Diabetes. But I started to have a abnormal pain in my abdomen and didn 't know why never though that it was caused because of this medication. one day I had the pain so bad that I couldn 't walk or stand, I went to the Hospital got admitted right away because I had Pancreatitis. I got Metformin for my diabetes, for the pain I had a lot of IV 's. I stayed in the hospital for 4 days in the 3rd day the doctor told me that the cause of my Pancreatitis was the medication I was taking JANUVIA. I know this works for a lot of people to help them control the sugar like  it did for me, but please make sure that you tell your doctor make the necessary test every time you go to see if you are ok internally.
I started remicade in 2010 and stopped remicade in 2016, almost seven years it worked absolute wonders for me. Amazing for my  Juvenile idiopathic arthritis (JIA), my arthritis started when I was a baby and I am now 25 year old female. Within the first year I developed psoriasis, who cares right? I can walk, I can actually bend my knees, zero pain. I started doing UVB light therapy and my psoriasis has not been back. 2016 I developed what I first thought was heat rash. Turned out after months and months of pain, swelling, terrible rash all over my legs that I had developed hypersensitivity leukocytoclastic vasculitis. A listed rare, severe side effect which immediately had my doctor taking me off of remicade. Giving remicade a 5 because it worked for me but couldn 't continue.
The day that I 'm writing this review, I was switched to Prozac by my doctor. Luvox for around 8 months worked wonders for my OCD. I was basically symptom free during that time with very little anxiety and worry. After the 8-month mark, it slowly started losing its effectiveness. My doctor bumped it from 150mg to 200mg, but that made everything worse. I wasn 't falling asleep until 7am, I had no energy during the day, and my OCD symptoms were basically completely back. I was also on Zoloft for around a year, and the same thing happened there. Everybody is different, though. If you have OCD and haven 't tried Luvox, give it a try. When everything was going well, I still experienced sexual side effects like low libido and delayed ejaculation.
Have had fibromyalgia and interstitial cystitis for 15 years. It has progressed over body and bladder is shrinking. I am on disability. Between the Lorcet 10 's, muscle relaxers, and occasional Xanax, I can function a few days a week. The pain is never completely relieved. I always have breakthrough pain but with pain medicine I can function a little bit better as they take the edge off. A positive attitude and a sense of humor helps a great deal.
Long history of post-op nausea (PONV) here. Excellent care team applied patch about an hour before surgery (along with IV Zofran) to stop the nausea. Really hoped it would help. The dizziness &amp; blurred vision &amp; very dry mouth made me feel worse--dying of thirst. Drank too fast post-op and had some of the worst PONV ever. CRNA said to wear it 3 days; I took it off after about 36 hours; my doctor switched me from oral promethazine (did not stay down) to meltable Zofran, which was much better. Hope it works better for others.
This medicine had bad side effects, mine was headache and stomach pains. I took it for 7 days twice a day it cleared everything up. Today is my last day I 'm so happy. 
Effexor helped me to relax, although it was a trade off. I had continuous headaches and heartburn. It started with nightly headaches. Then that turned into an everyday thing, I would have to take migraine medicine before bed. After I started doing that I would wake up from heartburn! I never have heartburn. This medicine is definitely a trade off.
Not completely pain free and stiff joint free. But the fatigue is awful. 5 inj so far, can sleep all day if my family didn 't need me. Very lethargic and drained.
Have taken it 3 times and ended up in the hospital with severe electrolyte deficiencies.  Works well and fast - lost 20 lbs in 3 days. However, for me requires monitoring of electrolytes which doctors will not do regularly.
this medication has help me a lot I pee stronger and a lot less times. I am 62 and the sex is great if you don 't care if you come or not, this is a magic pill, I  stay hard untill she comes then I fake like I came and all is well.
No side effects besides the fact that after a year of taking it nonstop, I started to have major mood swings. 
It kept my dry skin moisturized but I over used it and spread it all over my legs and ended up with stretch marks on my legs from thinning.
23/F I was diagnosed with GAD a few months ago and started on generic lexapro, first 5mg/day then up to 10mg/day. It took a few weeks to take effect, but it was incredible at counteracting the anxiety. My self-confidence increased and panic attacks went away completely. The reason I give it a 6/10 and the reason I came off it, however, is because of the sexual side effects. It took away my ability to orgasm, which was extremely frustrating for me. I 'm working with my doctor to find a different med to treat my anxiety without the sexual side effects of SSRIs.
I 've been using Microgestin 1/20 now for 2 weeks, I 'm going into my 3rd. At first I noticed that my breast were very sore but within the past couple of days I haven 't noticed it as much. I also know that I have one week left of this pack and I 've already started my period, as well as the cramping.  And I haven 't been as hungry as usual.  I can live with all of these &quot;side effects&quot; as I guess you would call it.  But the one that I haven 't gotten used to which happens to be the worst one for me and that is dizziness.  Its not an everyday thing but its happened twice now in 2 weeks, twice in a week. The first time it lasted for most of the day, the second time it was just in the morning.  I have a doctors appointment at the end of this week so we 'll see.
For a few days its take major energy at 2.5 mg, but later its make me ever tired and sleepy. I don 't know what this drug work.
When I first started NuvaRing the doctor gave me 3 rings. Within that time I loved it. However when I actually picked up the RX for it I 'm kinda hating it. At times it 's very hard to put on, anytime I use the bathroom it slides out halfway. This time I don 't think it 's in right no matter how many times I adjust it. I have also been on my period since the time I put it in which was two weeks ago, and the cramps have been extremely painful. I thought BC was supposed to help with cramping? On the plus side I do like that I don 't have to keep switching it out, and I have definitely seen alot of improvement in my acne. I 'm willing to try it out for another month and see how it goes if not I would like to try the depoProvera injection.
I 've been using this pill for quite sometime now, I 'm 24 years old and this is the only birth control I 'm allowed on since I had a stroke back in 2012. And honestly it 's terrible I don 't stop bleeding on it. I actually use this pill to stop my bleeding. How so exactly? Well I use it to get a period, and when I stop using it my period stops for about a month or two and I have to take the pill to get my period again. It 's a pain in the ass and confusing! However, I 've never given the pill a fair shot, I 've only stayed faithful on it for 2 months and my period wouldn 't stop so I just stopped using it and my period went away. Idk what else to use.
I was prescribed this medication in a dosage of 500mg for severe back spasms that kept me from walking. It allowed me to walk a little bit longer before the pain kicked in.  I rated it low because it mildly affected the spasms/pain while making me immediately sleepy.
I will update after I 've been on longer, but I basically feel stoned, very hard time sleeping, feel like I was hit by a truck and my teeth HURT. Mentally I feel no difference, but do feel more friendly. Thankful I have insurance because it 's $1200 for a month supply.
Took clairthromycin for four weeks 500mg 2x a day which seemed to strong to me.  Same metallic taste a lot of people get, it is medicine so I expect that. It gave me dizziness, tiredness, and nightmares galore, I have lost of sleep from all the nightmares. I actually felt really out of it.  I took probiotics, and ate yogurt, and after I stopped taking it three weeks later, I began have severe stomach pain, I have read it can cause so serious issues with the liver so now I 'm off to the GI doctor I wish there was something in medicine that could cure us without any side effect like Royal Rife invention
I went from prostatitis to tendonitis. This medicine has certainly cured my prostatitis, but my knee joints and ankle joints have been aching. 
I have only been taking ferrous Sulphate for 3 weeks but have found the results beneficial. My anemia was affecting my school work and social life as I had no energy to walk and it was really challenging me. Now, I can do normal things and don 't get as tired - I believe they are working very well.But, I seem to have got the short straw with the side effects. I now suffer from great constipation. I am also nauseous most days and my appetite has been lost. So, even though I have more energy etc., I am still not myself as I am always feeling sick or having bowel troubles.
I 've been on this birth control for about four months now. My breasts are growing at a consistent rate. My acne stayed the same. My periods are gone and I do not cramp at all. I have been more depressed and picking out little things to complain about to my boyfriend. He is trying to deal with it but this pill is slowly making me crazy. I need something else! I constantly feel sick and need to go to the bathroom. 
Update: this is my fourth month in and the first time I have had a period with this implant I started bleeding a few days after my last post in here I 've been bleeding for a month and one week now I 'm not sure when it will stop it keeps getting light and switches to a heavy flow. I still haven 't gained any weight but my sex drive has been down this last month (it could be from the contestant bleeding) doesn 't make me feel sexy and I had a really high sex drive before I feel like it 's ruining my sex life with my bf
I 've had BV before in 2014 and was perscribed Flagyl. I don 't recall that case being nearly as severe as this one. I had sex with my bf, about a week later I had yellow discharge, my vagina was red and irritated. I was SO uncomfortable. I thought I had a yeast infection so I tried otc yeast cream but NOPE not working. I couldn 't take it and went to the doctor. They said I had bv. I 'm on day 4 of 7 days and although my vag isn 't on fire, the smell is gone but all of the discharge isn 't gone. I 've had nausea, dry mouth, and a change in taste. I will be on my period come the 5th or 6th so if I don 't feel 100% before then I 'm going back.
I had this inserted in the beginning of June 2015 . The first 2 weeks I loved it I lost 10 pounds and my acne started to clear up. Then everything went down hill. I 've had maybe a week and a half collectively that I haven 't had a period, other than that I 've had a heavy period or heavy spotting for about 4 months. Acne came back and oily skin and hair. The last period I had lasted 29 days and I was basically hemorrhaging according to my gyno (I had bad periods prior to nexplanon so heavy bleeding wasn 't odd for me) It 's a &quot;good form of bc&quot; only because its worry free but I 'm getting it taken out 9/24/15 and finding another form of birth control. Everyone is different, try it for yourself, but its not for me.
For about 30$ a bottle I was taking 100mg in the morning and 50mg at night. I weight about 100lbs. I 'm a teen and my acne blows. This helped to reduce how &quot;angry&quot; my acne was. However I will say this made me completely lose my appetite and if taken wrong can cause severe nausea. I did get 3rd degree burns when I was on it last summer and went off it for this summer however I might go back on it due to the fact the new topical cream I have sucks. All in all doxy was my hero but it definitely is a lot to handle.
Medicene made me very itchy all over.
PLEASE LISTEN Ladies please. IUD method of bc is different for everyone. I 'm 21 and had skyla for a year and a half. At first there were no complications. Later on, maybe 5 or so months into it I got terrible cramping. TERRIBLE. Where I would have to stop and drop everything I was doing, a PARALYZING stabbing feeling in my abdomen and vagina. It happened continuously throughout the day every day. It made it hard to go to work. A few months after that I get diagnosed with an ovarian cyst in my right ovary. Usually not a big deal but it was painful. A month after that......I have a huge cyst on my kidney. Which resulted in me having to get surgery and i lost half my kidney. Thanks skyla.
I just had mine put in today, I realize every experience is personal so take my review with a gain of salt. This was the absolute worst pain I have ever experienced. I passed out, and the moment I woke up, I threw up from pain. Mind you, my pain tolerance is such that I didn 't even cry when I broke my pelvis. I couldn 't even drive myself home from the procedure, my husband had to leave work and pick me up. When I got home I was on Advil AND tylonal, still 10/10 pain. 8 hours later I 'm at about a 6/10.
I have been on Savella for maybe 3 months now.  I have seen improvement in my pain BUT the extreme sweating is causing me to rethink if the Savella is worth it.  I am a nurse and it 's very embarrassing when I have to step out of a room to wipe my face before I start an IV (one of my patients thought her IV was leaking and I had to tell her, &quot;No, it 's me&quot;.  Yesterday was the worst day... My hair was never dry and I was dripping sweat in my face and my eyes were burning.  I ordered a sweat band (did not want to do) and will try this before I stop the medication.  Hope this helps you.
I was prescribed Seroquel 200mg doses along with Lexapro after a bad episode recently.  I have been unable to work since and have found my dreams to be vivid and disturbing. This drug should not be taken lightly and I would recommend a second opinion from a medical professional before commencing a course. This drug will make you sleepy, so much so it can be difficult to continue with your employment, driving, development and maintenance of relationships between family and friends, nausea, dizziness, depletion of sex drive and the list continues. It can be helpful in many cases, but please make sure by second or even third opinion.
I 'm a 16 year old girl, and I 've had my Implanon since January 2010.  At first, I really liked it because I didn 't get my period again until March. The period that started mid March didn 't end until mid April.  I noticed no severe cramps, or mood swings at first.  I then went 3 months WITHOUT a period, with a high sex drive, and feeling really happy.  However, I think I was having mood swings without realizing it. After 3 months of enjoying my Implanon a bad period came, with VERY bad cramps, constant breast tenderness, and as my boyfriend says  'severe jerkiness ', that lasted for a month, and it has just ended.  I think I 'm back to liking the Implanon. 
This was an effective form of birth control because it completely killed my desire to have sex.  When I did, it was sometimes painful because I could not get sufficiently lubricated or aroused.  It also fell out during sex but not very often.  Otherwise, I experienced no weight gain or hormonal issues.
This is almost my second month on this pill. I am 19 so this is the first bc pill I 've ever taken. The doctor suggested it because I did have painful cramps that were regular she said that should disappear. However I bled 17 days on the pill the first month. Pretty emotional roller coaster, nauseas. Besides that I haven 't had any signs of weight gain or acne, etc. I was terrified at some of the reviews but I haven 't became pregnant. Hopefully I will have a lighter cycle sooner or later so the bleeding could stop !! If not will try to switch to a different pill (:
My breathing is much easier since I started taking Singulair a few weeks ago. But I am getting occasional cramps in my feet and my hands hurt. 
I have been on Aviane for about three months now since my pharmacy no longer had Alesse. I have been on now four different birth controls. I can say Aviane is my favorite so far. It has cleared up my skin and I have not gained any weight. The only few problems I have had with this medication is nausea and my period seems to come for a day and its gone or sometimes does not show up, I am not pregnant but it has done this for the past three months. I know it is suppose to cause lighter/shorter periods but was not expecting this effect. But other than the random almost not there periods I have nothing to complain about this product. 
I was on generess FE for almost a year. PROS: I like the pouch it comes in and the slightly minty taste. I liked that it regulated my period as I am one who sadly suffers from PCOS. CONS: made me very moody/emotional; increased hair growth around chest and stomach areas; increased appetite and weight gain. It was my first bcp and I was too scared to switch over to another pill because I figured I rather learn to deal with the mood swings than risk a different bcp with worse side effects. I don 't recommend doing that. I think it 's good to give a pill a couple of months shot to allow the body to get used to it but after that, if you have really clear negative effects then switch to another.
The pain completely subsided after about an hour and a half but I 'm not sure the side effects were worth it... dizziness, drowsiness, unable to speak, numbness. Unsure if I would take again.
I 've used this medicine in the past and had no problems. today I bought the miconazole 3 and I used it about 10 minutes ago. At first I had some pretty bad itching and I thought I was having an allergic reaction so I tried to push some out and just deal with the rest. It definitely helps a LOT if you do not itch it. Also if you have a yeast infection do not itch and it will feel 10x better. Now it is still slightly itchy but not unbearable. I think the skin being raw from itching has a lot to do with the burning and itching. they must have changed something, hopefully this makes it more effective.
I am honestly not sure how to rate this medication but I can relate my experience so far.  I have had no nausea, it does help me sleep better.  I was given the medication for bipolar.  I have been emotionally shut down for a long time and after 3 days it has opened up my emotions and I am not sure if that is a good thing or a bad thing.  In February my husband died of an accidental cocaine overdose.  The only emotion I have felt since he died is anger.  Now I feel over whelmed with grief and I am just not sure how to deal with that.
I 'm 19 and this is my first YI. The first night was absolute hell, I laid on my floor rolling around and bawling before I got up and sat in the bath to get it out. Night two and three I also had to go to the bath and get it out. Now I 'm on night four and I 'm fighting through it, it was itchy for about 30 minutes and now it 's finally stopping. This product side effects are really bad, I 'm not going to lie, but during the day I feel a lot better, it hardly itches, and it 's not swollen anymore. The external cream is very helpful if you apply it in the morning. I dread inserting the cream at night, but hopefully it 'll get better. This cures your YI, it just sucks.
I take 150 mg of trazodone for sleep, anxiety, depression. It helps with the anxiety and depression, but not sleep, I wake up a lot, or can 't sleep after 3 hours of sleep. I have been on it almost a year.
I went cold turkey off 131 mgs of methadone and I am on baclofen for muscle spasms. I was on 3 a day but now down to one because of my liver, but it is a good medicine.
Have had UC since 1991 and been on Prednisolone and Asacol which became ineffective. Severe attack October 2016 - spent 10 days in hospital. IV steroids and then sent home on reducing steroids  - symptoms began to return. Azathioprine prescribed. Certainly helped reduce and eventually stop UC bleeding. Trips to the toilet reduced to around 3 or 4 occasions . Initially caused liver function problems which improved. However the drug has shattered my immune system - have taken any cold, cough or flu that crops up. Makes me fatigued after around 40 minutes exertion. Cannot now play golf, take hill walks or do heavy garden work etc. I guess it is good for some patients and not so good for others. Seeing consultant soon and will discuss options.
Not bad, but the weight gain and how tired it made me, eventually led me to go off of it.
I have been a Type 2 diabetic for 10 yrs. Have tried different medications but have never really controlled my sugar levels. My AIC was 8.5 3 months ago and the Dr. said might have to be put me on insulin if I didn 't get it controlled. Went to a new Dr. (endocrinologist) and she put me on Victoza.  I have only been on it for 10 days. I have experienced some weight loss (4lbs the first 5 days) some of the side effects are nausea, loss of appetite, weakness in my legs, slight headache, light stomach cramps and the eggy burps with indigestion. I didn 't start having the eggy burps and indigestion until I increased my dosage to 1.2. So I went back to the 0.6 for a couple of more days and it went away.  I have increased the dosage back to 1.2.
I am taking Celexa now for about 2 weeks.  My heavy numbness in the morning is still there and not able to function until 2 or 3 in the afternoon.  I drink wine in the evening and thought I could stop. Not so.  I have to stop the wine and Advil in the evening and maybe I will see a difference.  
I have been using this medicine for over 6 months.  At first it was great because I quit experiencing the low blood sugar at lunch time from glyburide.  Now I am having a little higher blood sugar, 120-145 fasting, which is high for me, and horrible heartburn and stomach issues.  Not sure if it is stress or a side effect.  May take a break from it and see what happens.
Pros: this drug gave me an energy boost that felt like it lifted my depression and increased my metabolism. My sleep schedule was normal, people said I was friendlier, and I had consistent appetite for healthy food.Cons: this drug took away my ability to have intimacy and perform any kind of exercise other than simple running on a treadmill. I could not play sports with any of my friends, because I would get lightheaded and faint, especially in the heat. I could not have a complete orgasm, and so that pretty much ruined sex for me.In summary, it treated several of my depression symptoms, but the things I had to give up due to side effects were not worth it. By the way, these side effects are a very common occurrence, not a surprise.
Soriatane certainly helps with the psoriasis, but I 'm not sure the side effects are worth it.  I 've got 2 infected ingrown toenails because the skin on my toes are so soft it laps over and causes the toenails to be ingrown and then infected.  I 've lost a lot of hair.  My fingernails peel and break.  I have this plastic like coating in my mouth that nothing gets rid of.  There 's got to be a better way!
I gave the Nuvaring a 5 rating for a couple of reasons 1) for the first 3 months I was on it, it was fantastic.  2) It gave me the best gift I never knew I was missing, my daughter.  But, I didn 't have any side effects for the first 3 months - just a rather shocking pregnancy after that. 
I was desperate for something quick and regret entirely for not reading the reviews first. I took the 2 pills at 4:30pm. By 9:30pm, I felt like I had a possible BM. Sure enough, a soft stool came with no struggling. 20 min later I felt like I couldn 't trust a fart if I wanted to. By this time, it was certainly liquidy compared to the previous. I went to bed an hour later, no harm no foul. By 4:30am, I had nausea, cramping, chills and weakness that felt like a severe case of food poisoning.  By 7:30am I finally managed to lay down and pass out again. The nausea and chills lasted most of the day. Yes, the pills worked. But not satisfactorily. For how backed up I was, I expected more BM results - preferably without the awful side affects...
Effexor was the first medicine given to me when I started having panic attacks. It helped me with my depression and stopped the crying spells. But I still continued to have panic attacks.
My daughter has had over 6 ear infections, only being 22 months old. She took amox for all of them but it just didn 't work. Dr gave her cefdinir (however it 's spelt), and I 'm pretty sure it hasn 't worked.... Gives her red diarrhea, and horrible diaper rash, and she itches that area quite a bit.... She 's getting tubes put in next week so hopefully that ends this horror!!
This is my first time using birth control pills. I have been on Safyral for a month and a half. It has cleared up my skin significantly but caused bad mood swings and nausea. I am switching to a new birth control with a lower dose of hormones to help with my mood.
Been on opiates, benzos, alcohol and just about anything I could get my hands on. I 'm going into detox very soon and Dr prescribed clonidine. Though not a magical cure all it does take the edge off. Worth a try for sure. Especially for first time detoxers. This is coming from a 25   year addict. At first they will just throw more narcotics at you in the form of benzos. But this is a great alternative. Stay strong.
My first time taking birth control and I chose the patch. I was prescribed Xulane. I hate it. I already had a slight acne problem, it didn 't improve it. It made my breasts tender all the time. I was spotting for a whole week, which was expected. The main issue from being on this patch, was my mood swings. I felt depressed, sad, I was crying for no reason, and then I would be happy again. My boyfriend hates it because of my mood swings. I 've been on it for 3 months but not anymore.
Upon starting on Flowmax, urination flow was 100% improved. After 1 month urine flow somewhat more diminished but still well better than without taking Flomax. Trying to work through side effects  including mild headache, lightheaded, diminished libido/sexual desire, diminished volume in bowel movements, gas. In my 3rd month of Flomax and not sure the benefits will win over the many side effects I am experiencing.
After 2 days on doxycycline and no real improvement with my bacterial pneumonia
I have taken this medication for one year and it seems to control my blood pressure very well however I have gained 30 lbs...also my hands and feet stay swollen. I walk 3 miles a day and try to watch what I eat and can 't stop gaining
This is my 3rd medicine for reducing estrogen. I have been on it for 6 months, after going through surgery and radiation for Stage 1 breast cancer. It is much easier than the other medications. BUT I 'm still not sure if I will continue. Since I have started on this medicine I have had the following: blood clot in lung, headaches, nausea, loss of appetite, pain in my right side, insomnia, jaw pain, ringing in ears &amp; some imbalances, these are new just since starting this medicine.  (Pain in joints is something that is better on this medicine than others.)  As I have already tried the other medications available to me this is my only option except taking nothing. 
I took my first dose of T. Yestrday.  never used any diabetis drugs before. There is definitely a decreased appetite. but to keep sugar level steady you have to eat a little few times a  day ..i would say every 2 hours...nuts are good idea, small apple pieces, cut up chicken, yogurt . nothing heavy...people have a diarrhea because you should not have fatty and fried food at all.  The only side effect that in have is sudden feeling that i am going to pass out, following a panic attack. I guess my body is adjusting. ill give  it a try for a month . i apprieciate everyones input, its so helpfull.
I was prescribed this medication for chronic severe neck pain.  I was taking 50mg per day.  While it worked to eliminate pain, I experienced constant nausea, vomiting, light headedness, and many symptoms of serotonin syndrome since I also take celexa each day.  Seroonin syndrome is serious and dangerous and can increase the likelihood of seizures.  Also, I 'm taking this medication at night and it keeps me awake all night instead of allowing a good night 's rest.  
I feel like I 've taken amphetamines and Valium in one hit! I 'm in my 3rd day... A different kind of anxiety!!!! Like one minute I 'm rushing!! The next I 'm knackered!! Does anyone get what I mean? I think I 'm going to persevere and see how it settles
I 've been on the depo shot going on 3 years now. I 've had absolutely no period the whole time, I 've gained probably around 10 pounds, I have little to no sex drive, very moody every now and then and I get a little dizzy sometimes without reason? I 'm going to get off the shot and move on to the pill, the depo shot is good to use for about a year maybe even 2 but I 'm not liking my 3rd time around so far. Thank you for all the reviews really helped make up my mind about this shot, I hate not feeling like myself.
I 've been using Epiduo for two months now and it doesn 't help at all. It burns my skin and dries it out so bad! It gets flakey, red, and very irritated. It feels like a horrible sun burn and it looks like you take horrible care of your skin. It stings to put anything on it, even water. It DOES do it 's job though, dries out the acne. BUT I still see the redness, or dark browness of the acne. It 's so annoying, ugh.
I just started taking it but I 'm already seeing results. When I read that a lesser side effect was muscle cramps it bothered me a little. But, otherwise I 'm seeing almost instant results.
I have been taking Aptensio now for 3 months. I have been diagnosed with ADHD now for about 2 1/2 years. I have taken just about every non stimulant and stimulant on the market.  I am currently taking 50mg of the Aptensio  once a day. I am finding myself still scattered brained and my memory is horrible. I think the pill is lasting about 6 hrs and then I have a hard come down making me a total witch! The one thing that I have noticed is that I have put 12 lbs. on in 3 months. I am constantly eating! I had my thyroid checked and it came back normal.  I have spoke with other people that say they are gaining weight on the pill as well.
My son was born 4 1/2 months ago and my mother suggested I get the Nexplanon. I agreed because no period and 3 years of protection sounded great. None explained to me that I would bleed for several months before the period stopped. I 'm on day 42 of my period with all the symptoms. On top of that, my arm constantly aches where the implant is especially if I hold too much weight. Though I would get this again since it prevents pregnancy long term with one application, people should know exactly what to expect.
Improves my mood, less stressed but nauseous and sweaty.
It seemed to work well but I got diarrhea on the second day of using it
I take 50mg 3 x day. Total 150mg. I 'm bipolar and take other medicines that causes drowsiness but realized within a couple weeks that this subsides with time. It is nothing like Xanax that knocks you out and Atarax takes a while to start working if you 're in the start of an attack. I didn 't experience any of the antihistamine effect the pill is supposed to provide. I will ask for a different medication to manage my anxiety.
I have been on eltrombpag for two years. I have had no side effects but my platelet count says about 20 to 30,000. I get treatment through the VA.
I was prescribed this pill so it could help my PMDD. I have an anxiety disorder and during my tom, I would have horrible anxiety attacks and depression. This pill receives a 10/10 for helping me with that issue, however, the other side effects dampened the positives of this medication. It made my sex drive PLUMMET. I felt like a menopausal woman for the duration I was on this pill. Secondly, it made my acne blow up for the first 4 months I was on it! It wasn 't until I went to a derm and started using a topical treatment that it began to clear. It also made me retain a few pounds in water weight and my boobs got bigger. I just started tri-previfem yesterday so I hope I can get my sex drive back!
I was prescribed 300mg of clindamycin 4xs a day for 7 days. I am 1/2 through the course. I read many of the unfavorable reviews as well as the information from the pharmacy. I was terrified. My Doctor did tell me to take the medication with a probiotic. After doing some research on which probiotic to take I went back to the pharmacy to pick up those pills as well. As others have stated you MUST take this med with plenty of water. After the first 4 pills I did have a slight headache and noticed my eyes seemed red and slightly irritated. I pushed the next dose out by 2 hours and increased my water intake. I haven 't had any more issues (so far). I will update after I complete the full dosage. *I would recommend taking the probiotic.
Took for 2 months plus for COPD. Worked pretty well. Then I noticed ulcers on my arm that at first I thought were gardening boo boos I had missed. Had leg spasms at night but woke up one morning with severe sore chest, like a mule kicked me. Got worse and then became sore back, too. Quit the drug but spent the next night in a chair. Same time had itchy eye that is now stye/cold sore on eyelid. 3 nights without and still sore chest but better. Arm has scabbed, feels like ice water there under skin. Not so horrible side effects but certainly not worth the benefit and cost.
Not sure that the medication did much as my abscess burst the night I started the antibiotics. All I know is that by the 3rd and 4th day of antibiotics I was feeling generally unwell, had a headache and awful nausea.
My mother has taken this medicine for her bipolar and it does seem to help her out a lot with her condition. I 'm glad there is research out there for the bipolar disorder because I think it 's very important to people to have information on it. 
I was having problems feeling lightheaded and dizzy for about 2 weeks for no apparent reason. Meclizine knocked the dizziness and lightheadedness right out- no problem. But now I feel like I 'm going to fall over because I 'm so tired. I took one before bed last night and I 've been feeling the effects all day long.
My blurry vision became clear and my glucose levels dropped from 250 to 150.The side effects will sneak up on you without you even noticing. First week was fine, very little heartburn and acid reflux 1 day after injection. 2nd week, day after injection, woke up thinking I was having a heart attack. Husband gave me what he uses for heartburn and acid reflux. Went away after 2 days this time. The third week, day after injection. Woke up again with feeling of heart attack, chest hurt so bad. Almost went to the hospital. After 30 mins. Very slowly side effects went away after day 4. Then came week 4 after injection. Vomiting, Rash that you can 't see but scratch at non-stop and heart attack feeling. Sick and going insane scratching... NOT WORTH IT.
I am now on day 5 of Acamprosate, First two days I felt amazing. especially on the first day taking the tablets gave me such a hyper rush. same on the second day and I had no cravings whatsoever, even sat with my flatmates who were drinking and had no desire to drink at all I was elated. Until it came to the 3rd day and I spent half the day itching for a drink until I got home, ate lots of junk food and had my tablets- then I felt fine again. But on the 4th day no amount of junk food, squash, taking my tablets... I itched for a drink up until I fell asleep. Has anyone else experienced this? I notice about 5min after I take the tablet I feel really high and hyper, it then wears off until I take my next dosage again.
I was on this pill for a year and the only side effect I had were the occasional bad headaches. Each month my period would get lighter and lighter. I had very little cramps. I was pretty happy with it. I stopped taking it for over a year and went back to my doctor 5 months ago to get back on it and now I 'm experiencing every symptom possible!
about to start my 4th month on this pill. mainly went on this pill for acne but not much improvement. Especially around the week of my period, all hell breaks loose. thankfully the period itself only lasts 3-4 days now and its fairly light. no weight gain, slight increase in breast size, no stomach pains, no hair loss. I am pretty emtional now tho, I cry at every sad video I see and every little thing seems to set me off. also, whenever I lay down, my left arm and leg goes slightly numb
My daughter has had multiple middle ear infections. She was put on Augmentin for the last infection. After two days on this medication, she had severe diarrhea and a yeast infection. We called the doctor and had them switch her to something different.
I started Gianvi because my Yaz switched to the generic. I did notice a larger growth in my breasts (nice) with an overall weight gain in 3 months of about 6 lbs (not so nice). I had nausea in the morning- I have never had that before and now dread what morning sickness must feel like. I also broke out like a teenager with cyst type acne along my jawline, which after 3 months is just about clearing up with leftover spot marks. I did notice that I got yeast infections and an increase pH level within days after I had sex (which I never had on Yaz or Yasmin). I did not notice any bad mood. 
I 've been using Levora for almost 7 months now and in the sense of no pregnancy- I 'm happy. However, my appetite has increased DRAMATICALLY. Before the pill, I used to be 125 pounds, now, seven months in, I 've gained about 20 pounds that I can 't for the life of me, get rid of. My sex drive is normal, my periods are so much lighter/shorter, but my mood swings are terrible. I cry over the stupidest things like not being able to find my remote. Other than those side effects, it 's a good pill.
I 'm 22. Been on this for 3 months. They put me on it for heavy periods and horrible cramps. I have gained 10lbs, had nausea, horrible pelvic pain, had no periods, and bad mood swings. I do not recommend.
This medicine was working. Unfortunately I also suffer from migraines and take Topamax. After about two months I began depression. It was really bad.
After about 15 months on Skyla I recently discovered that I am about 2 months pregnant.
I have been taking Buspirone for only 3 days now, my doctor prescribed this to me for anxiety and panic disorder. It does make me dizzy but so does my anxiety so that 's something I 'm used to. The first night I took it I did notice a big difference. I was in the middle of a panic attack so I took the medicine and almost immediately it calmed me down. I really hope over the next few weeks I notice a difference and I get to start living a normal and happy life again.
My period went from March 11- March 15. Started bleeding again on March 19th. It 's March 30th and I 'm still bleeding. It 's not as heavy as my normal period, but it 's enough for it to be a nuisance now. I started taking it mid January and loved it. Now I HATE it.
So my experience with the Skyla IUD is when I first got it, I was in terrible pain. They didn 't give me any pain medicine like some of these people are saying they got numbing shots; I didn 't get to have any of that. I took 2 Ibuprofen before the procedure because I was warned of a little bit of pain, but it turned out to be way more than that! I will NEVER put another one in my body. It was the most awful experience I 've ever had. When my doctor put it in I had excruciating pain and felt like she tore my cervix. I know not everybody is the same. Afterwards I had cramps for about 48 hours and then after that I had a period for over a month. I ride dirt bikes have a high pain tolerance. Id rather get stitches again than get another iud
OK, THIS IS &quot;OFF LABEL,&quot; BUT I THINK USEFUL INFO, and the only way to get it in is  pick some med and &quot;review&quot; it.I started them at 50.  Prep is to get everything out so they can see any growths.   My experience is a med at night, for solids, and another in the AM to flush any colored liquid.  But my second 2 yrs after, the PM dose was near impossible to keep down, the AM came up immediately.  They tried both a small bottle to mix in 8oz of some clear liquid, and a gallon jug to fill with water, no luck.  Then I thought of prune juice.  Clear out solids, then the real med in AM for a clear flush. With the PM irritation missing, the AM med dose stayed down.  Works perfectly.  Still no fun, but much less nasty. Med stuff below made up. 
I take two 8 mcg capsules daily and it does work without any side effects except I have had some mild headaches but don 't know if it is from the Amitiza or not.  It has really helped with my constipation, but I do get quite a bit of gas and have to go to the bathroom more times a day, but that is better than constipation.
dizziness/  blurred vision/ sorehead/ itchyrash  but it did help flow rate of passing urine.but it did not stop the frequent trips to toilet at night 5/6 times .no full nights sleep.seeing professor to change drug if possible.
I feel like the Skelaxin (Metaxalone) works sometimes. If I am in real pain it does nothing other than make me flighty and unable to realize I am in pain. But, it does not relieve the pain. I am not sure what I have yet because I am going through the testing processes. I would not ever want to be put on this medication again for severe pain because it does not work. I have been dizzy and have loss of memory quite often also.
I have been taking this medication for several months along with Viibryd for depression and anxiety. This has really helped with my depression almost immediately but I have gained 14 pounds in 2 months with exercising! I have decided to stop both medications and try something new when I see doctor on Friday. I can 't handle the weight gain not worth it to me.
I got a hernia from lifting a suitcase we suspect. The hernia was inguinal . At the same time I had a smaller one in the abdominal wall . It was untreated for some time ( over a month ) as I didn 't notice it . I 'm not sexual. The doctor said this is not uncommon in males over 40 . Discovered all this after an ultrasound .Non sexual Epididimitus , from urinary infection .  Rx Cipro , immediate abdominal bloat , sluggish and exhausted feeling , and Nausea . 2 Times / po / daily ... Ugh ...research into WHY is needed
I 'm sure these would work well for preventing pregnancy but I 'm a virgin and have no desire to have sex, I 'm on it for my extremely heavy periods. This pill has done absolutely nothing for me. I waited it out until now. I 'm on the 3rd month and I 've already bled through 2 pairs of underwear and shorts on day 1 of my period...it 's exactly the same as my flow was before and my cramps are just as bad too. This pill is literally useless if it 's not going to help my periods. On the upside, I don 't experience any side effects at all, it just doesn 't do anything at all for me, good or bad.
I have been on Reclipsen for about two years now and am switching off of it. I was previously on another birth control that was to low of a dose when I switched over to  Reclipsen. Although it has prevented pregnancy the mood swings and weight gain have been enough for me to finally get rid of it. My periods and cramps were also still seven days and severe.
Had Mirena inserted about 4 months ago. Although periods are milder there is spotting frequently throughout the month. Sex drive has decreased dramatically and have gained close to 12 lbs. I feel no discomfort with the Mirena IUD, however am disappointed by the side effects considering at 40  metabolism has already slowed down so this does not help.
I used Hypercare in the past, but stopped using it. I decided to use it again yesterday because I have been sweating a ton. Well, last night it was itchy and burning my armpits. I didn 't sweat today though! I just put it on about 15 minutes ago and the burning and itching is much worse. It hurts so badly. I am only using this until I can get to the dermatologist to get something that won 't hurt so much. 
I got the liletta today Jan.16th 2017 and first off the pain was out of this world. I have a daughter and had a c-section and this pain was way worse than I could imagine. I was sweating and shaking and they tell you to breath but that didn 't help.It felt like it took forever for it to be inserted. Than after  dilating  my cervix she needed a bigger tool they use to  dilate the cervix. I really felt like it was a never ending process. I have had slight cramping and hardly any spotting so hopefully everything goes well
Ok started Suboxone 2days ago no cravings at all for others I was taking 5-6 Norcos a day for 8 yrs . One day got up said I 'm tired of depending on a pill to get me through the day . So started Suboxone. I 'm happy as far as the craving goes but for some reason I 'm having a hard time staying awake if I sit down I fall asleep my mind feel very scattered and I had a bad headache today . I hope this is just getting used to the meds . I am only on 2 mg so I don 't think it 's too much . Any comments would be appreciated . Thanks
I 've had the implant for about a month now. When I first got it I felt great nothing major changed. I still haven 't gotten a period but I did experience minor cramping. Now that it 's been about a month I 'm experiencing major depression from it. I 've had depression and anxiety on and off my whole life but I have never felt this bad. Somedays I literally can 't get out of bed and it 's scary. I will probably get it removed if it does not get better soon.
I 've been using Epiduo for two months now and it doesn 't help at all. It burns my skin and dries it out so bad! It gets flakey, red, and very irritated. It feels like a horrible sun burn and it looks like you take horrible care of your skin. It stings to put anything on it, even water. It DOES do it 's job though, dries out the acne. BUT I still see the redness, or dark browness of the acne. It 's so annoying, ugh.
I am in school so I was limited to the birth control pills at the school 's health center. I have been on this pill for about 7 months. Last month I didn 't get my period and had to take two pregnancy tests, which were negative. Most of the months my periods are very, very light and only last one day. I really hate not knowing if it 's the pill or if I am pregnant.  Since starting this pill I get horrible night sweats, bad enough where I have the fan in my window blowing cold air into my bedroom...in the dead of winter.  I notice more hair falling out, horrible mood swings, sore boobs, increased appetite, water retention, ahhhh!  I feel bad that my fianc
Seriously messes with my emotions so much. I already live with anxiety &amp; depression and the Depo just makes it so much more worse! I hate it. I get pissed off at things I shouldn 't get pissed off at! I have all the period symptoms (cramps, emotions out of whack, retaining water and horrible craving for sweets) and irregular bleeding. I 'm gaining so much weight and I 'm not even eating unhealthy, I have a strict diet and workout and I stil gain about a pound or 2 every 2 weeks. Do NOT recommend the Depo to anyone. This sucks.
Works Pretty well. Yet Its Terribly Hard To Stop The Pill. Horrible WithDrawls
So far I 'm loving this medicine my only problem is with sleep but most people have that problem while taking this medication. It took me months to finally convince myself to get on meds. Wish I took this sooner. I feel normal again, my life can go on now.
My 89-year old father was taking this med for a few weeks. He was weak (we had to pull him out of bed or out of his chair, he walked with a walker, was confused, just totally not him. He happened to have a urinary infection about the same time so we blamed that.Finally, a week later, infection gone -- and was still so weak. Hospitalized one day, many tests, and nothing found. Started to take half the dose of Entresto, per his cardiologist (we asked since that was the only thing different at this point)... in five days, back to normal. No walker, no need to help him get up, alert and living again!P.S. His primary care doctor said he doesn 't prescribe Entresto... its two powerful drugs. He isn 't the cardio guy, but... beware!
I gave a 5 (for now) just took my first dose of 75mg (to take every 8 hours)I will update the score once I 've been on it a little longer.I have noticed in the reviews that just like any medicine it works for some people and not others.I 'm actually posting regarding the concerns about the cost of the meds. First, discuss this concern with your doctor. No medication will work if you can 't afford to pay for it!Or to take smaller doses so you don 't have to shell out $ you don 't have. I would recommend checking with the manufacturer for discounts, or sometimes getting a medication at no cost.I 'm not sure what is available for this manufacturer.There are a lot of pharmaceutical companies that have patient assist programs. Good luck.
Am about halfway through H. Pylori treatment on this medication, have noticed trouble sleeping, fatigue, and dizziness. Also, be very careful if you take benzodiazepines with this medication; it can greatly increase the side effects of sedatives like that.
I was prescribed propranalol for two reasons: cough &amp; anxiety. I had been on metoprolol for at least 15 years for high blood pressure. This new med is a win-win-win for me since it has helped my chronic cough PLUS it does a better job for my hypertension PLUS it has reduced my anxiety level. I have tried almost everything available for anxiety, most of which are highly addictive (benzos) or have a great number of side effects (SSRI 's). I will rate this again after I 've been on the med for 5-6 months. 
Put on this for suspected Diverticulitis after amoxicillin. Day 1 saw no real improvement except a slight lowering of my temperature though still too high and a decrease in my runs to the loo. The downside, the pain. The stomach cramps were bad enough from the diverticulitis but coupled with this became borderline unbearable. Paracodol was the only thing to ease the pain.Day 2 I started noticing the pattern, as well as the vile taste in my mouth, which woke me Repeatedly, and the thirst. I also noticed the nausea hit hard about 10 minutes after the tablet, retching, belching etc. Also came the poops... again... the only think I could do was take paracodol and try to sleep it off. Which brings me to the dreams... vivid, erratic and scary.
The suprep was repulsive. It took over 1.5 hours to get the first bottle down. Not vomiting was a struggle. The taste is like sea water and just hard to tolerate. Adding ice a helped a teeny tiny bit. It did what it was supposed to do. It 's effective but tastes horrible. Unfortunately I vomited up the second bottle and was turned away for my colonoscopy because my discharge was still very dark. She told me it should be the color of urine. She sent me home with magnesium citrate which made all the difference in the world. It 's a liquid that you don 't dilute. It 's like very bitter 7UP. It was much easier for me to get down and stay down.
Started taking 100mg one year ago for mild post partum depression.  It really helped me for the first 6(ish) months and I definitely felt a change.  I started feeling depressed again (several life &quot;happenings&quot;) so my doctor increased my dose to 150mg, which I have currently been taking for going on 4 months now.  I 've been feeling depressed again and am at the point where I either need to increase my dose (again...and I 'm already on a high dose) or switch to a different medicine.  I think I 'm trying the latter. Some of the side effects I have experienced:insomnia, extreme fatigue, slight weight gain (10 lbs over a one year period...active young mom, so very weird for me), increased depression, headaches.
This medicine helps with my schizophrenia, calms me down but that 's about it. But the worst things about it are the freaking side effects! Look I took this medicine in first grade for irritability, took it again in middle school now I 'm 20 and started back up again a few months ago..it makes me soooooo sleepy that I 'm falling into things, I get severe panic attacks and I 'm hungry as hell hence whyI gained 11 lbs. Oh and I have this funny, unbearable feeling in my right leg and it 's sooo uncomfortable omg! But on the other hand its not as bad as latuda or haldol but its worth it i guess
I have been taking Crestor now for 1 year. I have been experiencing right leg/hip discomfort. It bothers me most at night when I turn in bed. I have lost over 20 lbs (dieting) and my liver enzymes are slightly elevated. I think I may need to cut it back to 5 mgs.
I used this med along with Cardizem-Lasix was supposed to also help control serious swelling in my feet from the Cardizem, in addition to aiding in controlling my blood pressure. The only issue I had with it is that it made my eyes burn very badly by making them very dry. I have dry eyes anyway, so that didn 't help. It also didn 't control the swelling in my feet, but did help with blood pressure.
I am 20 years old and have had relatively clear skin my whole life. Just over a month ago I had a horrific breakout, the likes of which i 'd never seen! Before, I 'd stress out over one little spot on my chin whereas now my whole face was riddled with them. I was prescribed Yasmin and just wanted to say - it 's not a quick fix! I 've been on it almost a month now and I 'd say my acne has gotten twice as bad - the spots are mostly comedonal acne and my uneven face and complexion make me extremely self conscious. Following reading the other good reviews, I 'm looking forward to the good skin to come, but just needed to say that it 's certainly not here yet! Hoping Yasmin follows the rule that &quot;sometimes things get worse before they get better&quot;!
I am on day 3 of this medication. So far I don 't like the side effects. I feel very &quot;spaced out&quot;. It 's difficult to concentrate for long, kind of feel emotionless, I 'm yawning like crazy, lack of energy, not sleeping very well.... BUT it is doing it 's job. I don 't feel depressed. I don 't feel anxious. I just really hope that these other not so nice side effects will go away as my body adjusts.
Started with Percs, moved to straight oxy at 100-120mg/day. Never beyond that. Tried a half dozen times to go cold turkey.  Not much luck.  Closest I have ever gotten is with Sub.  Problem is that with Sub you are still just taking opiates in a slightly different form.  That 's why it &quot;works so well.&quot;  The problem comes when you stop the Sub. The hardest jump is from some opiates to NO opiates. No matter what, you 're going to experience withdrawal.  You have to pay the piper at some point, even though some methods (like a taper) might make it a little easier.  Anyone who says that withdrawal is just a weekend on the couch is selling you a bill of goods (or, is the doctor encouraging you to take the pills). Be prepared for 10 days.
Zoloft has been hard for me. At first it was okay (besides the side effects, those were brutal) but now that I 've been on it for almost 2 years, im starting to forget things and my mindset is never balanced. Some days are okay, but some days I 'm panicky, shaky, can 't remember much even if it happened less than a minute ago, and my depression starts back up. I really don 't wanna move on to another medication because the withdraws of this medication is as brutal as the side effects but i feel like Zoloft isn 't a long term drug for me.
I have bladder infections from group B Strep bacteria, much harder to get rid of than E. coli because it keeps coming back. Augmentin worked the first time, but didn 't clear it up this time. Nitrofurantoin is still not taking out the complete sting. Makes me instantly drowsy- almost like a sleep aid. Had some mild stomach issues but could be attributed to period.
Basic onset of flu...coughing,  chills, fever and body aches.  Doctor gave me tamiflu to help expedite flu because a family member was scheduled go surgery and didn 't want him to get sick.  Well, three days in, I feel better but can 't smell or taste. Freaking me out. ..Hope it 's temporary.  May discontinue balance of script.
My husband took his first dose last month and is getting ready to take his second dose in a few days.  While I think the drug is working, the Patient Cost Support Program is difficult to deal with and we are still struggling to get reimbursement.
I tried Contrave for 5 days. I was just taking on in the morning and one at night. The side effects were too much. I was very dizzy, constant nausea, dry mouth and eyes and on the 5th day a slight ringing in my ear. I also had insomnia at night and sleepiness all day. Contrave did reduce my appetite and cravings. I might try Contrave agin later, but I 'll start with just one pill a day.  I 'll probably drink more water next time. I gave a 5 rating since I was only on the product 5 days.
Didn 't take my nausea away completely but it did not make me sleepy.
I got this implant in October 2015 which was about 10 months ago. Worst decision of my entire life! While it did its job by not getting me pregnant it has a ton of side effects. First my arm gets the extreme pains where the implant is at random times. When I got the thing I was around 210 and I had recently just lost 50 pounds and I was feeling great about myself. Well now I weigh 281 and I believe it is because when I got the implant I started to crave certain foods and they wouldn 't go away until I had it. The third thing is it made me extremely moody all of the time. My family and I have and I have been evaluating my behavior and I get angry for no reason all of the time. Last thing my periods happen 2 a month and they last 7-10 days!
Took literally 45 minutes to kick in when I have severe debilitating rheumatoid arthritis and I had a bad fall, went to ER gave me this while I went in for x-ray still no relief. Finally 45 mins I can feel my pain slightly go away.
This did nothing for me and my insomnia. It worked great the first 2 days I took it. It 's great for stressful situations when you feel like you are going to have a panic attack but for me and insomnia it didn 't do anything.
Just started Belviq on March 22, 2017. I have experienced a slight headache but no other problems with the medication.  I look forward to posting as I continue my weight loss journey.
I 've tried yet. So don 't know. But wondering are the reviews true or just made up.
Duloxetine is the generic to Cymbalta. Insurance will not cover the miracle drug Cymbalta which I used to use for chronic  pain and depression until CDPHP dropped it from coverage. Duloxetine has severe side effects and will make you grow man boobs. The manufacture of Duloxetine says it might happen, but they don 't care nor does CDPHP  because its too hard to prove it. I 've been on it only for 2 years because CDPHP drop Cymbalta which I 've been on since entering the market with other so-so  anti-depression meds for chronic pain from a broken neck.
I was severely injured in 2008. My L34 was snapped by a mental pt. at the state hospital I worked at for 27 yrs. It was christmas eve in the am. First I was on VIC 'S, then the doc (he meant well), put me on OXY 5mgs. In between I was prescribed MORPHINE to try. Then we tried METHADONE. Then I was introduced to HEAVEN. Pure 20mg. OXYCONTIN tabs. I 'll never forget the first morning I took the dose he prescribed 2 tabs every 6 hours.By the time I had a couple of cups of coffee, and got out of the shower I was &quot;ROCKIN AND A ROLLIN&quot; I was ready to go to work!!!!!!! 4yrs. later the party was over. He said NO more, he refered me to a methadone  clinic. I had to retire. The clonidine helps a bit. But I was given Tramadol,it 's the answer!!
I 've had the Implanon for about 4 months now and I 'm getting it removed in a few weeks. I 've had no period since I 've been on the Implanon which is a MAJOR plus for me. But I have been an emotional person ever since it has been inserted. I 'm seriously surprised my fiance is still with me. I can 't even stand to be around myself sometimes I get so bad. Also at random times it will start to itch at the insertion point and if I lay on my arm in an awkward position it will pinch the rod. This is a really good form of birth control if it is inserted correctly, but it also has major side effects for some women.
I started taking this due to a hormone imbalance about four months ago. My period the first month was the most painful thing I have ever experienced (more painful than my appendix gluing itself to my internal organs with scar tissue), but my subsequent periods have been mostly painless besides dull cramping. Whenever I go from the placebo week to the actual hormones again, I am excessively nauseous and spend way too much time in the bathroom dry heaving. My appetite for food and sex has been shot, and my weight has remained the same regardless of activity level. I think the worst thing though is the crying. Before this pill, I was a pretty even-keeled person. Every week or so, I have a night where I become completely inconsolable.
Second time I have had this tablet nitrofantenoin side effects were nasty this time round down right horrible. After 2 days headache started quite bad, shaky, anxious, irritable dreadful nausea was sick once. Chills. After 4 days feel I have a dreadful illness fast heartbeat stopped taking tablets. Still feel anxious &amp; crying and getting upset so easily. The headache has come back as the day has worn on. Maybe it 's fading. I hope so?  Will never take this tablet again. UTI gone.
I 'm currently on my first pack of this new BC (took the last light blue pill and gonna start the dark blue ones tomorrow.) As of now my face is exploding with painful acne all over. I almost want to stop treatment right now. I know some ratings say to wait until month 3-6 to actually see any results. I haven 't really noticed any major issues expect nausea in the beginning with TriNessa. ~sigh~ I 'll continue treatment. Has to get worse before it can get better right? Does anyone have any suggestions for an acne routine to help with this painful explosion?
Ok ladies. Let me tell you. (My way at least)Day 1 of treatment =  torture techniques. Itch wiseDay 2 unbearable vaginal discomfort Day 3 sucks but you can tell it 's starting to work. Day 4 still pretty itchyDay 5 6 and 7 itchy but not crazy. It sucks. I know. But it 's effective. You just gotta get through it. Chances are you will unfortunately get another YI in your life.
Hi guys, I 've been taken Otezla for about three weeks now. I feel my psoriasis is a bit better, but the side effects have been so bad that I haven 't been able to work for a week. I 'm so tired all the time. But I 'm not giving up, keep taking the pills.
My doctor prescribed this drug to me as a preventative measure against ovarian cysts. The first few months were good, normal periods and no notable side effects. Last month, the day after starting my 4th month pack, I woke up dizzy and nauseous. After a sudden attack of violent vomiting I was sent to the ER where doctors believed I had a seizure. After starting my 5th month pack this week, the same thing happened to me.  This drug works but the first few days after Placebo week are starting to scare me.
About 2 weeks ago I had sex with my friend. 3 days ago my vagina started itching so I thought it was a yeast infection so I went to the doctor &amp; found out I had trich. They prescribed me 4 pills to take at once &amp; then I went to sleep. When I woke up I didn 't have no more discharge &amp; the itching went away. The medicine is really nasty. I found to take it with milk was better. Over 12 hours later I started getting nauseous. I almost got sick but haven 't.
Tried some samples of Maxalt and while it got rid of my (minor in this case) migraine, I did experience a side effect that made me more than a bit nervous.  I experienced numbness in my left hand and arm.  My doctor told me to immediately stop using it.I 'm a bit saddened that I can 't continue on Maxalt as it did get rid of my migraine and definitely worked better than Imitrex, but not worth the risk of the side effect I experienced.
I have been on Latuda for over 1 year. I am on 40 mg now. I have become very mean to everyone.  My family has pretty much disowned me. They told me that I should be able to control myself since I know there is a problem.  I have had a hard time getting my doctor to take me off of it. I will show her these reviews tomorrow.
So I 've been on this birth control a little over a month, and now that I read some of the reviews I know I 'm not crazy. This pill makes you feel depressed. I 'm on the second pack and skipped the sugar pill because I did that with the first birth control I was on and my periods went away. Now I haven 't got an actual period but I 've been spotting for about 5 days now. Two of days I noticed more blood but still not a lot my regular periods are usually 5 days long so hopefully this is the last day of this weird bleeding. Also the blood looks different first it was very light like a pinkest color, than brown, the back to that light pink color then dark red and looks watery.
I have had high blood pressure for years and have just started a medicine routine. I tried Zestril and had great results but did not like the cough. So, my doctor switched me to Cozaar. This makes me cough, makes me tired, dizzy, and constipated.
Lexapro was a life saver for me. It helped me complete every day tasks that I could not do before taking this drug. I 've tried nearly every other SSRI but this one was the best. The only negative part about this drug is the withdrawal symptoms. They are HORRIBLE. I recently found out I was pregnant and I had to cut down my dose according to my Dr. I was super dizzy, very faint and unable to leave my house. If I didn 't have to stop these drugs, I would still be okay. However, slowly weening off these drugs have caused me to slip in a horrible anxious state.
Worked while I was in-patient but wasn 't offered it once I left. Did make me groggy but helped take the focus off the physical symptoms of anxiety.
Just started this medication, I am 26/M/in fairly good shape, work out 4 to 5 times a week so I don 't really know why my blood pressure is high but anyway. Took my 2nd dose yesterday, jogged this morning at the gym and hit &quot;the wall&quot; HARD. Felt short of breath and chest pain. Maybe this will go away once I get used to the medication. PS. taking 20mg.
Stomach pain and loose stools.
I have been taking Belviq now for 9 days.  I started off at 235 now I am at 228.  I get headaches every now and then, I am really thirsty and my back hurt yesterday for about an hour.  I sleep all night, but it feels more like I am blacked out, or maybe just sleeping harder than usual.  I am focused more and have more energy to get things done.  So far so good, let 's see how it works next week.
Had to retreat. If it doesn 't go away then I will do a Nax treatment. Nax has a different chemical in it.
My father was preparing to undergo a colonoscopy and had to take this stuff. He found the taste to be practically unbearable, and had slight cramping but nothing else. He had the urge to go to the bathroom probably after 2 hours of taking the first dose at 6 pm. A tip is use a straw to ingest it quickly and have a gatorade or another clear liquid fluid present to chase it down with. Also try brushing out your mouth afterwards. G
I have Fibromyalgia as well and I stopped taking Cymbalta because my pains improved a great deal, but, I had extreme nausea and exhaustion (esp. in the am).  Now my pains have come back to kick my behind.  Day 2 of Cymbalta. Seems as if it makes me light sensitive, which gives me a headache and dizzy.  Like my eyes are heavy and my skin was clammy.  I will continue.  I 'll get back to you n a few weeks.
I was prescribed Augmentin for a severe sinus infection. After about 3 days of taking it, I developed this weird skin rash first on the knuckles of both of my ring fingers, then noticed I had the same spots on my knees in the same place on both knees. This spread to both of my elbows also and creeped me out a little so I just stopped taking the medicine altogether. It did seem to take the sinus infection away, but I make sure to tell my doctors I 'm allergic to it now just in case I have a more severe reaction in the future. This rash just looked like red dots, no burning or itching either... Pretty strange.
I am a 54-year-old man and have suffered from chronic stomach problems for more than 7 years--the worst in the last 3.  I went 6 months gluten free with little help.  Six month ago I started taking Nature 's Bounty Priobiotic 10 (bought at Costco).  I would say that it improved my condition by 25%.  Two weeks ago someone recommended Florastor.  I tried it and my churning, gassy stomach went away in the first day.  BUT...I started feeling by the end of the first day a bloating of my upper GI that got increasingly uncomfortable with each passing day.  I reduced the dosage from two caps a day to just 1 cap a day.  No change.  Bloated upper GI still.  I 'm on my fourth day back on Nature 's Bounty Probiotic 10.  No more chest pressure.
I have major insomnia. I was on 300 mg of trazadone for sleep. About two months I was put on mirtazpine 30 mg. It 's okay. I don 't get the same nightmares as I did before. But I was also on trazadone for 4 years. It will take time getting use to mirtazpine.
Very slow to see results. Have been on Xenical for 2 weeks. Only lost 1.5kg. Taking Duramine as well. Been going to gym daily for pilates,  yoga and circuit. Cut out wine totally..only have whiskey at night. Results seemvslow
I 've had nexaplanon for 9 months now, at first when first inserted I started my period regularly but it was like a month long and it was very light, just really a annoying! But after that no period for 8 months, I have gained 10 pounds and get more acne than usual, horrible mood swings at first, but I 'm doing better now.  but here 's the thing that has me really worried, in the beggining of this month I started to work out and lift weights!, after a week of working out super hard, I started getting sore nipples, bloating , and cramps for A WHOLE MONTH (No blood tho) until 2 days ago the blood has came out and it 's thick and painful like a regular period! I 'm scared and hoping my body is okay, maybe I put my body in shock from working out!
I have been using this medicine for over 6 months.  At first it was great because I quit experiencing the low blood sugar at lunch time from glyburide.  Now I am having a little higher blood sugar, 120-145 fasting, which is high for me, and horrible heartburn and stomach issues.  Not sure if it is stress or a side effect.  May take a break from it and see what happens.
OK, so have only been on 50mg sertraline for a week. They did give me an instant calmness which I wasn 't expecting. However, the side effects are a little too much for me. Upset stomach, blurry vision, concentration problems, but the insomnia is the thing that 's getting to me the most. 3 days of virtually no sleep is making me feel terrible. I 'm getting off these as the cons outweigh the pros for me, but completely understand why others would stick with them. All medicuness work differently on people, sertraline just won 't be for me.
Abilify has caused some weight gain and I feel like a slightly depressed zombie throughout the day. I am taking an extremely low dose of this medication. I want to feel better but some days it is difficult.
I am on the second week and I still feel nausea and its worse an hour or so after I eat.  I have lost about 9 lbs but this mild pain in my gut and feeling in my head needs to go away soon.  My first major hour work out and I couldn 't make it more than 1/2.  Today I was able to make it the hour but I felt like crap.  And I am hot more than normal and sweat worse than ever.  I did read that raising your temperature was one of the ways this was supposed to help burn more stored fat.  I don 't know,  If these feelings don 't stop soon, I won 't be taking it any more.
I was prescribed this medicine after going to urgent care for what I thought was a basic head cold.  I was told I had the flu. I did not think my symptoms were consistent with what I considered the flu, but I had not been sick in a long time and cannot remember when I last had the flu.  The medicine definitely dried me up per se, but I started getting real jittery and anxious, and when trying to go to sleep could not due to the itching.  I know I am sensitive to medications and have never had this medicine before.  If you are like me and sensitive to medicines, be prepared for side effects.
I got the Liletta inserted on October 3rd. I was expecting the insertion to be excruciating after reading tons of reviews but it wasn 't bad at all. It was definitely uncomfortable but it was just mostly cramps and I have a very low tolerance for pain. On a scale of 1-10 I would rate the insertion pain a 3. I did take 800mg of ibuprofen and a muscle relaxer a hour before my appt. I 've had pretty intense cramps off and on everyday. My doctor prescribed tramadol which I just started today. I take ibuprofen and that helps a lot, as long as I take it before the pain is really bad. I bled every day but it stopped 3 days ago. It was regular bleeding and then brown discharge, which is annoying. Overall I think it will help me in the long run.
At first I hated this pill because it was doing absolutely nothing for me beside make my skin worse.. I 've only had what you 'd consider very mild acne but after many tantrums i persisted and kept up with the pill and now I 'm nearly on my 6th week and it 's only just now that my skin is starting to become noticeably more clear, all I can say is that keep with it even if it does make your skin worse in the beginning because it does work it just takes its time but everyone 's experience will be different:) can 't wait to see my skin after 2-3 months! My rating of a 6 is simply because I 've been on it for 6 weeks haha so need I say no more, it will more than likely go up as I progress on it!
I have a broken tail bone and an L4 fracture, didnt want pain pills so dr prescribed Butrans. Within 1 hour of putting 5mg patch on I was dizzy and light headed.  I went to bed and woke up still in pain and still dizzy.  Day 2 nausea kicked in and still dizzy, by after i had to call dr because i had a bad headache and very nauseated.  Took Dramamine and helped a lil.  Day 3 - i felt very out of it when i woke up, by 11am, i was extremely nauseated, dizzy and shaking.  Took a Dramamine and ate lunch, this did not help felt horrible at work.  I took the patch off at 12 noon and had to leave work.  I am home and its 6 hours later, shaking has stopped, still very nauseated and dizzy. Very upset because the back pain had almost been totally gone
This may be the most effective drug for OCD (or a close second to clomipramine [ANAFRANIL]). It is inexpensive, and for me worked within a week to calm down intrusive thoughts and lifted my overall mood. I have been on and off this medication 3-4 times, and it worked each time to save me from crippling depression. That said, like all SSRIs, this medication caused sexual dysfunction (difficulty having an orgasm, delayed ejaculation, erectile dysfunction), which was a deal breaker for me, even with OCD. I will say, however, that IN MY EXPERIENCE, the sexual dysfunction caused by fluvoxamine was not as bad as the dysfunction caused by paroxetine [PAXIL], sertraline [ZOLOFT], or Anafranil.
Rapaflo has given me a very nice stream and taken away the pressure. I don 't mind not ejaculating it 's worth the flow. My frequency and urgency are not improved close to 3 months after starting. Get up at night less. Hoping to try it during the day instead of at night or increase dosage by 4 mg.
Left a review when I initially started, said I 'd update it after a while of taking the pill. PROS: Regulated and lightened period; effective birth control. CONS: Mild increase in acne; slight spotting in the beginning; nausea; cramping. Nausea and cramping got worse the week before, during, and after my period. By the time I got my period during fourth month, this affected my daily life. Really interrupted my digestive functions - bowel movements ranging from constipation to diarrhea, bloating, general queasiness. On my period during fifth month, actually vomited. Also exponentially increasing depressed feelings. Never before had these problems on my period. Decided to stop taking it because at this point I just want to be happy and healthy
Most of people here have mentioned little to no side effects. That is good and I believe you. I&rsquo;ve been on this for about 18 months. Before that I was on stribild and Atripla before that. Started in 2010. I&rsquo;ve no idea why, but I am that 1% who gets side effects others do not. I am now into my 4th doctor since 2003 due to insurance provider issues. Only one ever really listened to me though. One even flat out said it&rsquo;s not possible to have side effects.I keep saying I have fatigue and other side effects. I can&rsquo;t concentrate. Forgetful. I recently found out I have the early stages of neuropathy. I have chronic depression.  I can&rsquo;t complain since it&rsquo;s saving my life but I wish they had a way to tweak the dose for each individual. Oh well.
I was prescribed this with protonix after having intense pain from gastritis. I can 't really tell if it 's helping. My doctor said the stomach lining is something that takes a while to heal so I guess I will just have to wait and see. I am going back 2 weeks after starting carafate. My stomach hasn 't had any major flare ups but some days it definitely hurts and I think I 'm having some intense back pain because of the carafate. I 've been trying not to take too much advil but I can 't even sleep because of the back pain.
I have had this IUD for about 9 months, and I want to give it a good review, but I can 't. At first I absolutely loved it. I have always had really painful periods, and within the first 2 months my period basically stopped. I 've only had 2 very light ones since. I haven 't had any pain from it, no changes to my sex drive, and I don 't have to think about it.But...After I had my son I was 10lbs LESS than my pre-preg weight, but after I had the Mirena put in I gained those 10lbs back, and have been battling to keep it at just 10. On top of that I 've had acne like never before in my life, and have recurring yeast infections (which I almost never got before).It took me a while to put it all together, but I 've decided that I need to get it out.
Diamox put me in remission after about six months, but it began to cause tinnitus and hearing problems. My hearing is fine now, but I cannot take Diamox again if my PTC returns. Just something to keep in mind. Tinnitus and hearing issues are considered rare side effects, but they can happen.
I 've had nexplonon for a year and I 'm honestly not a fan I have horrible mood swings sex drive is extremely low. Also the weight gain is horrible I went from 137 to 160 in a year and I work out everyday eat healthy nothing will make it go down.  I get a migraine every week. My two friends that were on it gained lots of weight and people who have gone off lost weight in no time. It does prevent pregnancy and I have not got my period but side effects are not worth it
I 've only been on the implant since July and its September now and I still have my period...my mood swings are off the wall and worst of all my boobs and behind have both gotten smaller..the thing that worries me the most is I weigh the same but I feel so different. My emotions are controlling my life it seems. I don 't know whether to tough it out because I 'm not pregnant and that 's working well for me or figure something else out...I 've also had two experiences of chest/ arm/ back pain and random fevers...doctors don 't help me....idk what to do. I think it 's a good thing if you don 't want kids right now but is it worth messing with your emotions and life..
Anxiety,  tremors,  dry mouth.
I have been taking Sprintec for over 3 years now for severe bleeding and pain during menstruation. Sprintec has helped lessen the bleeding and pain during menstruation, however the build up of this drug in my body has slowly caused so many side effects in which have severely hindered my quality of life. The following are side effects that I have experienced while on Sprintec:1. Daily Nausea2. Worsening of Chronic Migraines and Daily Headaches 3. Severe Dizziness / Light-headed 4. Visual Changes (Blurred Vision)5. Acne so bad that I had to be treated for infections of my hair follicles 6. Worsened Depression Again, these severe side effects took years to occur.
I have the stomach virus. It hit me around 10 this morning but I didn 't start vomiting until 2. Zofran has somewhat helped. But I 'm still so weak &amp; sick. The thought of food makes me sick.
I got Skyla around August 2016- during insertion the pain felt like really bad cramping, my eyes did water near the end (I took a good amount of Ibuprofen) and I had SEVERE cramping/shooting paints after mostly on my left side. It was so bad I went to the Dr to make sure it was done correctly/didn 't move. They gave me a higher dose of medicine and I went home to my heating pad. Since then I 've gone back twice because of the string - got it shortened after an incident &amp; then again since it was still causing problems. I 'm not completely period free- random spotting, seems like I have random PMS, and cramping but different than my usual cramps. Biggest issue is the string still. Not 100% comfortable with Skyla, however I could live with it.
I give this a 5 because it does prevent pregnancy, yet so did my pill. Switched because I wanted something I didn 't have to remember to take. Been on this for a year now the first 5 months were alright. But the last 7 months I 've noticed my period is heavy and gets me light headed. I have more migraines which I never experienced before Implanon. Sex drive is way down, bad mood swings, and constantly tired. Before Implanon I was extremely healthy, now I feel like crap almost every day. Getting removed once insurance starts up.
Anytime I have to take strong antibiotics I generally get a YI. I usually just do the 3 day treatment and opted to try 1 day just to see. *Sigh* Shortly after insertion, there was intense itching as I tried to go to sleep. The next day I pushed out the remainder of the application, or so I thought. I spent the next day wiping and burning. No bueno. I 'll just stick to 3 days.
I 've had Nexplanon about 10 months and I 've bleed all of the 10 months. My face is horribly broke out my chest and back have little bit of acne, I get moody, tired, achy and cramps bad. It works as I have not gotten pregnant but I have all these terrible side effects, sometimes my arm hurts where the rod is. 
I 've had a poor experience with this birth control.  At first it made me super emotional.  Then I started to notice extreme breast growth.  I was already large breasted.  Over the last year I went from a D to a G and am horribly uncomfortable.  I 've also gained 20 pounds for no apparent reason and basically stopped having periods.  I will be asking for a new birth control method next time I see my obgyn.
Prostate UTI asked not to be given Cipro as it can cause permanent tendon damage if you are doing repetitive movements. See CBC news article. They gave bactrim. It 's a poor substitute. Dizzy, tired, dry eyes, damn slow working. On day 4 of 7 not much better. Cipro is the one of choice for prostate in my experience to work well but it has it 's side effects too.
Now it 's around two weeks and I am promoted to 30mg from 15mg three days ago. My side effect still same, When I go to bed to sleep or try to sleep I immediately wake up due to panic or extreme anxiety and it looks like extreme dehydration or heart attack is going to happen. I fight with this for one to two hours in half sleep and half awake situation then go to sleep and wake up in the morning. Any one faced same problem or side effect. Doctor says its normal to have panic attack during first four weeks.
Took this drug for 5 months for acid reflux at nighttime unknowingly acid splashed up in my throat giving me a continuous sore throat during the day. The side effects it caused was a major concern; i.e., reduces stomach acid up to 80% resulting in poor digestion and absorption especially B12 and Calcium.   I found that my stool was long and very fat, (uncommon for me and indicative of poor digestion/absorption). Another side effect was a very bad dry mouth AND, extremely dry hands --constantly wrinkled up --like when one sits in the bath tub for a couple hours. I stopped taking it and now take a couple of Tums before bedtime.
I was having vaginal itching/discharge, and I knew it was a yeast infection. So, I decided instead of going to my obgyn I would try this over the counter product. I can honestly say that my vagina is on fire! If you do not handle discomfort well then DO NOT use this product. Once I inserted the medication it took about 3 minutes before my vagina lit up into flames. Once I laid down I knew something did not feel right. The inside, outside, and even my butt  was burning and itching like I had been attacked by fire ants. This discomfort lasts for a solid 30 minutes before I can finally fall asleep. I will say that the product helps with the yeast infection itself. However the burning/itiching from the product itself is miserable.
First time I used valtrex, I thaught I was done or almost done with cold sores, it healed up so fast I was really glad something was finally helping me for real. Abreva and all the other stuff don 't really work, I 'd even say abreva makes it worst. But in the last 5 months I had 2 cold sores unfortunatley, both time I took valtrex as soon as I felt a little tickling. No matter what, both time I woke up with a full blister and bigger. So people saying it stops it right in its track are wrong. But it does help for the healing time. In 5 days its gone. Still better then the 7-9 days i used to go through before. Can 't wait till they find a real  ' 'cure ' ' or at least something that kills the virus for real as soon as you take it.
When I first began taking it, it was very intense-my heart raced, I had too much energy. For a while it was great-the racing heart and too much energy wore off after about a week. It did become less useful over time, but not to a great extent. The trouble with Adderall for me, was taking two a day at the &quot;right&quot; times. It was really the second pill, figuring out the right time to take it, in a way so it would help me the rest of the day, but not so late it would disturb my sleep. Since I had/have a poor sleep schedule, that was challenging.
I gave this 5 stars because I no longer feel sick with the flu after taking this medicine BUT I do have another problem now. Its like my behind won 't stop talking. I have a bubbly stomach at 4 am in the morning and massive farts. I 'm scared to even let them out cause during the day I thought I had to fart and so I let it out and it wasn 't a fart that came out it was more like the squirts.
I 've had this birth control for 9 months and I 've had many problems. I became depressed, unsocial, and over react to everything now. It feels like I 'm constantly PMS 'ing. Its affecting my relationship with my boyfriend, and friends, and I 've also lost interest in sex. I think I may have experienced one of it 's severe symptoms which is depression. Though this birth control prevents you from getting pregnant it 's better to switch if you notice one of the listed severe symptoms
I switched to Yaz after having break through bleeding on seasonale for two years.  I loved it at first.  Shorter periods, and PMDD relief.  Some months I didn 't even realize my period was coming/starting I was so free of symptoms.  A little over two years on it though, I slowly started getting mood swings back.  I sometimes cry for days at a time with absolutely no reason at all.  I have had symptoms of depression, which is COMPLETELY out of character for me, and overall, I just don 't feel like myself anymore.  My doctor switched me to loestrin Fe...which i start tomorrow, so hoepfully that takes care of it!
I have just started Nuvaring a week ago today.. my period is usually only 3 days light.. its finally ending now - 7days later.  This is my first time on birth control in about 5 years.. It was easy to insert.. I did feel it during sex.. but not horribly.. I did break out - I have a VERY clear like complexion that rarely ever gets one pimple.. so I was disappointed in that. I am really sad and depressed feeling tonight, or more moody this week for sure.
Got Nexplanon inserted yesterday - I worked myself up thinking about insertion more than necessary so wanted to write about that. The numbing injection was the only thing that hurt, like any shot. The insertion took about 10 seconds and I didnt feel anything. Once the numbing wore off that afternoon/evening I definitely noticed my arm was sore and the bruising started. 
I love my Ambien but I have been taken it for so many years that I have to skip a few nights a week for it to be effective to me.  I wonder what would happen if I should not take it ever again and how many sleepless nights and suffering that I would go through without it.  I juice all the time with healthy greens and carrots and veges. I am trying to fight the battle all the time. I would like to ween myself off Ambien but am afraid to do so rapidly.  If I could use it only a few nights a week then I would be fine. 
I 'm 16, almost 17 and I went on this because I had really heavy periods with bad cramps and would pass out regularly. I 've been on this for a little over two weeks and my period hasn 't stopped. It was heavy for the first four days and then it became really light. For the last week it 's almost like spotting, which has never happened to me before. My breasts hurt really bad. I 'm not sure if I 've gained or lost weight, because I started dieting right before I went on the pill. So far, I hate the pill, but it 's only been a month. I 'm hoping the next months will be better than this one.
I have done the once a day application for five days straight on the Acthar gel, followed a week later by another five day dose. Stings like all get up going in, kind of reminds me of peanut butter shots. Felt much better after the first treatment, again after the second. After a month or so later, MS symptons were back. I have had a headache beyond the pain of migraines (I get those too) and I get medicines for it, but I can 't take that unless someone can watch my kids as most of them make me so sleepy. Tried Provigil...got hallucinations...about to start Nuvigil, hope that works a bit better. I take Betaseron. Starting pulse therapy - first three days of month take Acthar keeping all the rest of the medicines the same.
Hi. I just started the treatment an hour ago with 0.60mg dosage and I haven 't felt anything yet.It took me half an hour to do the injection as I was afraid it would hurt.. but honesty I didn 't feel anything..I will keep you posted on a weekly basis..I am now 230lb pounds.. and just had a good dinner...
My father is taking this medicine for Cellulitis. Just started it today. Don 't know yet how well it will work as he is a Diabetic.  But it is expensive. 
Have Stage 4 metastatic melanoma. Started on Keytruda after new metastasis showed up. After 2nd infusion, side effects started to become very painful - lots of muscle and joint pain, couldn 't move my arms hardly. Also have a lot of nerve issues in my arms and hands. When I went for my 3rd infusion (they 're done every 3 weeks) my oncologist said I needed to stop treatment and start on a steroid to calm down my immune system, which Keytruda revs up into high gear to go after the melanoma. It 's been two weeks on Prednisone, and the side effects from the Keytruda are still strong, so I can 't resume treatment and still have to stay on the steroid. Bummer, because it actually made the tumor on my leg disappear, which Ipi (Yervoy) didn 't.
I just wanted to share my experience in case any of you are experiencing a delayed period after taking EllaOne. I had unprotected sex on the 8th of November, and I was on the pill but I really hadn 't taken it properly that month, I got EllaOne and took it about two hours after the unprotected sex. I was due my period the following Monday but it never came. I had extremely light spotting and cramps, I freaked myself out thinking this was implantation bleeding and took multiple tests which were all negative.My period for that month didn 't come, even though the doctor I went to about a separate issue said this wasn 't possible. My period finally came today, 3 weeks and 4 days late! try not to worry, I drove myself crazy about it for no reason!
This is my first day on Chantix, I have been smoking for 3 years.  As recommended I bought a fresh pack yesterday because of the whole you should smoke for the 1st week.  I took the first 0.5mg pill last night with supper and had a mild night of dreaming/sweating.  When I woke up this morning I felt no rush to have that first smoke, a feeling I have never experienced in the past few years.  While I just started I still feel none of the mental side effects, as well as no physical ones either.  Remember take the pill with a pretty good chunk of food like a 6&quot; subway or so, and glass of water.I will keep up to date withe the long term results, Just wanted this because I noticed a lack of starter comments.  Good luck everyone.
I have had MUCH success with getting rid of hallucinations, but this is simply not treating the bipolar portion of my schizoaffective disorder.  I 'm having severe racing thoughts, compulsive lying, and general mania right now, and I 'm on 80mg.
I had the implant inserted June 2015 for 3 weeks my arm had a bruise and my arm was in pain. For 2 months I had non stop spotting! Too embarrassed to have sex cause of the spotting. The first month I experienced mood swings, depression, hair loss and, migraines by the third month I still experienced all side effects except the spotting stopped. I had it removed yesterday, I just couldn 't handle all those side effects any longer
I took Aciphex for the last year. It relieved the symptoms VERY well. However, it didn 't heal any of my problems. I still have erosive esophagus, and I still have chronic gastritis. So on to the next...
I first took Lexapro some 4-5 yrs ago for anxiety. I don 't think I was depressed just had a lot of anxiety through stress and if I drank, and I 'm not talking a lot, a few beers, I would wake up all edgy, not hungover, pure anxiety, but I was feeling like that quite often.  It definitely worked right away and the anxiety ceased.  I eventually stopped taking it because I felt I didn 't need it anymore.  4-5 years later, I was going through some serious depression.  My wife at the time suggested perhaps I go back on; this was definitely depression, much more than anxiety.  Anyway, it was disastrous!  The minute I started taking it, the depression got worse!  The Dr. told me to try to get through it for a week or two and I just couldn 't.
I 'm 18 and got this for heavy bleeding. I 've always heard that bc makes you gain weight but was NOT expecting what I go. I gained 20 lbs. from just one shot. Sent from my usual 135 to 155. Made me nauseated after I ate anything. Had to buy a whole new wardrobe because I couldn 't fit anything. And my sex drive! Omg I felt like a 90 yr old women because I was as dry as a desert and couldn 't get wet no matter what. It was awful. I really really don 't suggest this. I would much rather have cramps that make me throw up rather than take this shot ever again
Second time having chlamydia , first time I don 't think I started showing symptoms until maybe two weeks of being exposed but my symptoms were intense like a yeast infection on 10. When I went to the clinic , they give me fluozone for the yeast and about a week later I when back to get 4 red pills and I was fine within minutes. But this time it was horrible , this time I went to the hospital and I got  two meds , it was 4 white pills and a shot in the butt and it 's been two days and I am still having symptoms
I 've been on Claravis for 15 days today, and so far there is no improvement. After about 10 days of use, I broke out very badly. Everybody that 's saying they 've already improved after a week or two couldn 't have had very bad acne to begin with. The doctor said that results won 't start appearing at all until at least 3-4 weeks, but at this rate, I don 't think I 'll be seeing any soon. I have pretty severe acne, and have ever since 7th grade (I 'm a senior now). My side affects at this point are very dry skin - particularly the nose, mustache area, chin, and lips - I have slight muscle aches in my back and neck that I didn 't have before, and I 've been getting an abnormal amount of bloody noses since I started (at least twice a day.)
I have perianal problem whit my crohn 's...Remicade help me lot I have less diarhea...But...I 'm very tired all the time...I have sinus infections every 6 weeks...Eye infections..and urine infection. I don 't know if I want to continue...My crohn 's is better but I 'm sick all the time 
I started taking Portia when I was 16 (22 now) and I was on it for about a year. I have since switched birth control brands twice. Before being on Portia I had very bad cramping and it 100% when away when I started this pill. I never became pregnant either. I 'm rating it at a 5 because my mood swings were out of control! I also had some nausea and I was hungry all the time. I actually lost weight taking this pill .
I had severe migraines from age 16 to 65.  When taking cafergot, I discovered (after many years) that if you take an antihistamine WITH the cafergot, it then worked for me.  What a difference !Having said that, there are so many new drugs now - the one that eliminated the migraine within an hour for me was Zomig.  Zomig was like a miracle for me.  Easy to take anywhere - place under your tongue - no side effects.
After dealing with stress induced constipation for many weeks, I began looking to laxatives for release. Suppositories were not effective for me, so I gave Dulcolax a try after 3 days with no BM. All was well, no cramping or anything for the whole night. It did cause me to have extremely watery BMS  (3 or 4) by 7am next day. This was 1 capsule, I think.After a week with no bathroom success and a weekend trip...I took it again. This time I took 2. I figured it had been 7 days, might as well. I took it at 10 though 10pm.  By 3am I 'd had 5bms, and violent vomiting. Beginning to sweat, very hot, heart is racing, hands are shaking. The cramping in unbearable. If id hadmy phone, I would have called 911. It works, but never again. Oh my.
One every 8 hours dulls the pain but sufficient dosage to kill the pain elicits some skin and stomach side effects.
Originally taken for muscle spasms. Found helps for migraine caused by muscle spasms. Reduced migraines to half length, intensity and frequency. 10 mg x3 daily.
I 've been on Paxil for about 30 days.  The change in my mood has been positive and very gradual.  Currently I take Latuda with Paxil at night.  I 'm not buzzing with joy but my outlook is positive and so I think the Paxil is doing it 's job.... I 'm just not sure.
I have never gotten a YI, but I decided to get the 3 day tx. Today is my third day and the itchiness and burning is still there! It might be worse than the first 2 times. It 's such a horrible, intense burning sensation that starts a couple minutes after insertion. It had me squirming like a worm with my legs clenched together. Not sure if that means it 's working but I sure hope it 's worth the pain.
I live in Florida.  This gel worked very nicely for my tennis elbow, shoulder pain and lower back pain. However, I JUST had an &quot;ah ha&quot; moment as to the mysterious, very itchy rash I have developed. The application areas reacted in the intense heat. Last summer while gardening I developed a severe lower back rash which I  assumed was somehow sweat related. This year I developed the same painful, itchy rash on my right upper back (deltoid area and shoulder) down to my lower arm. Again, I thought it was from the heat and sweat. As I was applying it yesterday, I realized it was being applied directly on top of my rash. The ONLY  places I have my rash. It took me long enough!! However, I did NOT get this rash in the cooler temps.
Hi everyone,Today is day one and I feel awesome. I will keep everyone posted on my progress.
This pill might work well for younger women (late teens). I took microgestin at 16 and had no problems with it. It worked great but now retaking it in my mid-twenties, I experienced insane emotional breakdowns with this birth control. Those side effects are real! I have taken 2 other types of birth control (loestrin and depo) and neither gave me bouts of intense crying. Very unpleasant and I had to stop taking it. I also experienced nausea and tummy aching if I took this pill without food. I think at 16 my body tolerated the excess estrogen differently. Now in full adulthood my system reacts terribly to this birth control. Emotional breakdown and super intense crying is a real side effect.
I was on generess FE for almost a year. PROS: I like the pouch it comes in and the slightly minty taste. I liked that it regulated my period as I am one who sadly suffers from PCOS. CONS: made me very moody/emotional; increased hair growth around chest and stomach areas; increased appetite and weight gain. It was my first bcp and I was too scared to switch over to another pill because I figured I rather learn to deal with the mood swings than risk a different bcp with worse side effects. I don 't recommend doing that. I think it 's good to give a pill a couple of months shot to allow the body to get used to it but after that, if you have really clear negative effects then switch to another.
My daughter suffered with a heavy flow and debilitating cramps. It felt powerless not to be able to help her. I took her to a Gyn doc and she was placed on this medication. After 2 months she was so much better. By the 3rd mth she had a allergic reaction and broke out in hives all over her arms that were itchy red circular spots. Her face broke out as well. I hope the next birth control pill works for her cramps as well as the rest of her. But for now this is not it..signed sad mom.
The only reason why I didn 't give this birth control the lowest rating possible is because minus the terrible side effects, you won 't get pregnant. While on this birth control I had terrible acne all over my back, face and neck. Sometimes I would even get a pimple on my leg or arm. Terrible! On top of the acne I looked really bloated and had gained close to 10 pounds. Removing the implant was the best thing I could have done. I am now currently taking Ocella and have been for the past 3 months. Since I started Ocella my back has cleared up completely along with my face and neck, and I am back to my normal weight. People even have told me I look thinner! The only good thing about the nexplanon is it 's effectiveness and its good for 3 yrs.
After 12 months of osteoporosis-caused rib fractures, my Dilaudid detox has been less than ideal. Despite using clonidine patches at increasing dosages, I can 't seem to get through those final medicine-free 72 hours, even with the patch.
I had my Mirena put in yesterday and it made me almost scream during the procedure. I have never had kids so I assume that is why it hurt. Since then I have only had cramping and have been taking it easy. If I could do it again I would have asked to be numbed. I haven 't really had any side effects besides nausea and slight bleeding. But for the most part my period stopped on the second day.  I am hoping that I will be fine without the weight gain and acne.
If I didn 't have side effects from Effexor, I would still be on it right now. I 'm currently in the stages of slowly tapering off of it, with instruction from my doctor. I went from 75mg to 150mg. Now, I am taking a 75 37.5 for a week, tapering it off every week from there. You need to be extremely disciplined about taking this medicine every day, and at the same time every day. With my schedule, I was never able to take it at the same time every day. I would get what are called &quot;brain zaps,&quot; which is the feeling like everything rushed to your head for a split second. I also had sexual side effects on Effexor, though it was more noticeable on lower doses. I 've been on Zoloft, Luvox, Prozac and Effexor. On to Cymbalta now.
I had a bad attack of IC, and could not get a bladder irrigation for a few days, so took Uribel.It eased the pain. When I went for my normal swim, I could not catch my breath. I had brachycardia. I stopped taking the meds after a few days because the feeling of not being able to breathe properly was worrying me. It 's 5 or 6 days since I stopped taking it, and when I swam again, the situation was even worse. Tagamet is the only other medicine that has done this to me. I have to keep struggling, even now, sitting at home, to get enough of a breath. I wish the medicine would stop affecting me. I looked online to see what to do, or if brachycardia was listed as a side effect, but it isn 't. I am wondering what I should do to get back to normal.
Have been on 350mg for the past three years. It has stopped the feeling of daily dread and pain in my chest that I felt for so long before. I still have little energy through the day but can &quot;pull it together&quot; for my time with my kids or to do important tasks. I have gained fifty pounds. I have a difficult time reaching orgasm.  
I 'm 29 just diagnosed with DiVerticulitis about 2 weeks ago. Spent 2 days in the hospital on an IV drip of Flagyl and bowel rest then sent home with this combo. Today is my last day and my pain has subsided but the side effects are wild. Didn 't sleep much, got dizzy, dark urine and generally just felt off. The pills did taste horrible at first but like someone else said if you throw it down quick you don 't notice it too much. Best of luck to all
I 've used this drug for years until the recall. I take 175 mcg. I switched to Synthroid and it was &quot;just okay.&quot; I missed Levoxyl. After I learned Levoxyl returned to the market I requested to be placed back on it.  I 've had several problems with my TSH levels being too low (0.02 and 0.03!) meaning that my dose is too high.
Anyone experience severe headaches in the eye and the pupil dilates? That 's my only side effect from this. Like once or twice a month.
At first Remeron was amazing. Felt so much better in a short period of time. After being on it approximately 6 weeks I began to develop horrible leg pain. Random joint pain in elbows, hands, knees. My fingers also started to swell. As soon as I was off and out of my system these side effects went away. If not for the side effects I would still be on it. I 've just about run the line with these medicines and don 't seem to tolerate any very well.
I have had moderate and sometimes severe plaque and guttate psoriasis for 16 years, using clobetasol (clobex) for 14. Clobex is the only thing that can eliminate my psoriasis almost completely. It is a very effective drug, but I feel I really should warn people of the devastating effects that can occur if the drug is applied continuously. When using clobex or any other strong topical corticosteroid, you are supposed to use it for no more than 2 weeks, then take a break I believe should be between 2 and 3 weeks. I made the mistake of not doing that. I used it continuously because I wanted to be clear. Now, my skin is paper thin. Nearly every vein is visible, and I break blood vessels constantly, and I have stretch marks everywhere.
I took Pristiq for the first time today. Along side of Deplin and ADD medication. I thought it would be a good idea to take all this at night. Not so much. I am wide awake and have to start getting ready for work in 2 and a half hours. I have struggled with depression and anxiety for years now. But I must say today has been one of the best days I have had in a long time. I am sure me making a change in the right direction has something to do with it but still very happy and excited.  I have had yawning already which I have experienced before on anti - depressants and I also have dry mouth. I have a pretty good cocktail going on but it had to be done.
My wife started with two a day in conjunction with Exelon patch ..was dizzyso went to one a day. After 8 months her short memory is worse so we want to go to the two a day routine.
I 'm a 23 year old with a blood pressure of 150/95. My doctor but me on this medication as my first ever blood pressure medication. Since taking it I have had awful shooting back pain to the point where I can 't sit down for a long period of time! After reading the side effects related to this medication I am putting the back pain down to this medication and will definitely be stopping it!
We 'll I 've had spots on my cheeks, neck, forehead and the bridge between my eye brows for ages, they never mature (into a whitehead) but just seem to stay and blend in with my skin leaving my skin tense, dry, and dark especially around the cheeks, I was prescribed 30g Duac on 19/02/16 so I shall return in about a month for an update but after a week I see no changes to my skin as of yet!
I had excessive join pain, gastrointestinal issues, and had severe depression. After a 2 year Guaifenesin program and avoiding 100% of all Salicylates for the past 13 years, I am 100% Free of ALL Fibromyalgia symptoms for over 13 years.  At any time in the past 13 years, however, if I so much as consume a Mojito, chew mint gum, use mint toothpaste, or use ANY salicylate, my joint pains reappear within 20 minutes.  Be sure to ALWAYS check EVERY Product that you consume or use on your scalp or skin.  Use Laundry Detergents and dryer sheets with No Dyes and No Perfumes. Generic products with No Dyes and No Perfumes are perfect.  Several &quot;Hypoallergenic&quot; eye make-up brands are NOT hypoallergenic any longer and have caused rashes.
I 'm 24 yrs old, I started taking lo loestrin fe about a year ago. As soon as I started taking the pill I felt fine. My weight was not effected and my acne actually cleared up. Overall, I was happy about the pill. Anywho, I stopped the pill for about a month because my script went up and a ton of other inconveniences came up. I immediately began taking the pill the following month but I noticed my hair is falling out. I 'm sure this is due to stopping the pill. I already have thin hair so this is freaking me out. It 's coming out in chunks and I shed a lot throughout the day.Since, my skin is prone to cystic acne that 's what 's appearing on my face and back. I 'm not sure what to do. Change BC or stay on this and let my body adjust?
I have gone through alot of medications so far and I am completely frustrated with the extended release medications. I was so happy to start my son on Vyvanse because of the advertisement stating it last for 12  hours. Not so, it last probably 5 hours, why take extended medication if you have to give an afternoon dose? He has been on up to 70 mg of Vyvanse for a year now and I am thinking of switching him to a different medication. Vyvanse does take care of his hyperactivity but, the lack of attention and defiance is still there.  Also, the medication takes 90 minutes to kick in. The doctor told me to give him a booster dose (10 mg. of Adderall) with the Vyvanse to kick in earlier, does not work. 
I 've been on Wellbutrin for 3 weeks. First 2 weeks I had a few side effects. Groggy, kind of spacey, nausea, weight loss because I wasn 't hungry. I did notice some change in my mood. I was less anxious and less depressed but wasn 't the miracle that took effect immediately like I had read in some reviews. Did read a review that was helpful it said to stick it out for the first 4 weeks of side effects and you 'll be happy with the results, so I am. The side effects have worn off for me about the end week 2. There is one unexpected side effect- IRRITABILITY, I 'd say comparable to PMS. Little mishaps can get my blood boiling, like spilling something and its hard to cool down. Never was like that before but seems to be subsiding as well. So we 'll see!
Have had back and leg pain and sometimes arm pain.
I have been on Beyaz for a week now. Before that I had an IUD, which was removed after four years because of severe pain. The only side effect I really notice at this point is nausea throughout the day and I feel tired all day. I have a history of depression and anxiety with panic attacks. I don 't notice any difference with those symptoms so far. The nausea is really bad around the afternoon every day, even though I take it at night. Since this is only my first week I 'm going to stick it out and see what happens this month!
This medicine caused me to gain almost 10 pounds even though I didn 't change my eating habits and continued to exercise 5 times a week. 
Celexa has definitely helped me get back to my normal self but I 've only been taking it a week (started with 10mg for a few days and now I 'm at 20mg) and it has completely taken away my appetite. I have thrown up every day sometimes multiple times a day but I feel great otherwise. Happiness comes a lot easier so I 'll deal with the excessive vomiting for a while since I need to lose some weight anyway.
I was prescribed this for depression-off label, added 20mg to my Paroxetine. It seemed to help greatly with the depression, but I had to quit after 7 weeks due to Akathisia and extreme dry mouth. Dry mouth was so bad, I begun to get sores on the inside of my lips. I&rsquo;m nervous about not taking it, because it helped a lot. My Doctor upped my Paroxetine when I quit the Latuda - I 've got my fingers crossed!
Had 4mg 6 day pack. By day 3 had severe stomach and chest pain and diarrhea. Have more energy but also insomnia.
My moods have been horrible. At first I was extremely angry and temperamental. Now depressed and do not want to be touched. I 've been on it 5 weeks. Thought I was going crazy then tonight remembered that I changed birth control recently.
Felt so sick to my stomach, laid in bed for 2 weeks, I experienced bloating, nausea, couldn 't eat. Cramping was serious, I suffered from chills, fever, aches and pains. Headache was also present, made me feel lightheaded also. Couldn 't function. 
I 'm 34 years old mother of one and had my paragard in for a year and a half.  The only positive thing I can say about this iud is that I did not get pregnant.  That being said, the side effects were so awful that I just recently had it removed.  My periods were almost unmanageable.  Think super plus tampon, with a pad, and bleeding through both within 2 1/2 hours for the first few days.  Please believe me when I say this is not an exaggeration.  I also experienced: painful cramping, spotting between cycles, weight gain, acne (not usual for me), and horrible bloating.  I only give it five stars because, as I said before, I didn 't get pregnant.  However I would never recommend this iud to anyone and am very anxious to feel like myself again
I am 21 years old  5 '7 and 115 lbs. and I am currently taking 20mg in the morning.I 've only been taking the medicine for about two weeks but I 've noticed a lot of changes. Positives: I 'm getting my work done, staying motivated, I 'm focused on the road when I 'm driving now and I don 't forget little details like I was before.Negatives: zero appetite- I have to force myself to eat, minor nausea, easily aggravated. It also altered my menstrual cycle. I am still yet to start my period but I 've never been irregular- starting on the exact same days of each month since always. My mood has COMPLETELY changed in the 2 weeks. I 'm severely depressed now and mildly suicidal. Can 't tell if these side effects are worth it
It was good at first I was taking 40 mg for about 18 weeks and then I got really agitated, angry, violent and hated everything. Overall it is okay for short term.
Ive been on Depo on about three months, and Im just about to get my second shot. My arm really ached for a couple days after the shot, but eventually that went away. The first month was really rough, I had a continuous period for the whole month, I had major mood swings, major cramping. It was hell, and if you would have asked me, I would have told you that I would not get another shot. The second month wasnt too bad, although I had quite a bit of spotting and this month has been better. It 's getting better and Im feeling positvely about getting my second shot.
My son has been using this drug for about a month. He has had no side effects at all. His face has cleared up well from what it was. The acne hasn 't totally gone but it 's less severe now and not as red as it was.
I 'm 18 and I 've been getting migraines since 5. I 'm on 50 mg daily. I started nortriptyline in the beginning of summer because I was get them 2-3 times a week and very severely. I have been off medication all winter and since heat and activity is a big trigger I had to get back on medication. I had been very groggy in the mornings and caffeine wouldn 't help I had insomnia and when I did sleep I had nightmares. Those side affects slowly went away with time except the nightmares they still come every once in awhile. I have heart palpitations and my heart rate is usually 130-120. I have also gained a lot of weight, I gained over 10 pounds in a month. I haven 't had a migraine in a couple months only headaches which aren 't that bad
Sometimes I do not fall asleep for hours. Usually out in about an hour. I never sleep for more than 4-5 hours. I admit I do sleep a bit longer when I take it but not by much. I have been using Restoril for over a year.
I started this about a week ago and a few days afterwards I slightly felt like a new person. I could enjoy the weekend with my friends without worrying constantly about school or them judging me. Just yesterday the side effects began to kick in and now I feel back to my old self. I 'm even moodier and depressed.  I don 't stress as much though. I fall asleep very early at night (8-9 compared to never being able to sleep) but now I have been waking up around 4 or 5 and not being able to sleep. I have very vivid dreams. I also have been extremely thirsty.  My doctor said the side effects will even out. I 'm excited for them to just so that I can start living normally again. (female)
I have used a lot of different ADD/ADHD medications. Concerta works okay. It helps my concentration, organization, and memory only a very small amount. But it makes me very tired and moody. Overall, it 's not worth it for me and I will be taking Adderall again next month.
I have taken Lo Loestrin 24 for about 2 months now. I have had migraines, nausea and fatigue non stop. I only had one very light period since I started this pill. I have had horrible face and body acne since I started Loestrin, I feel 16 again! I have had a significant appetite increase and mid section bloating. However I will continue with it one more month and see If my symptoms clear up
I was on the Depo shot for a little over a year and a half. At first I had a very long period (14 days for a few months when my period was generally about 3 days previously). Then I stopped having a period altogether. Its been a month since I was due for my shot. After reading online I was worried that I would be waiting months-year to get my period back after it however, I woke up today and thankfully got it. I 've never been so happy to get my period before. I guess I 'm one of those lucky few that get their period back as soon as they are off of it. 
30 day prescription up to 60. After first week of mild nausea and mild diarrhea I developed a weird tightness in my right hip, severe tennis elbow and weird pain/headache behind left eye for 2-3 days, bloating, some nights unable to sleep due to insomnia and tremors/weird body vibrations, mornings were hell due to my coffee drinking and the foggy brain. Do not drink coffee while taking this! 3 weeks after stopping I still have some prostatitis symptoms but have greatly improved but the side effects from the med of muscle tightness, brain fog, foot pain, hip pain, back tightness, lack of appetite and fatigue still remain but seem to be subsiding a bit. I wish the docs would explain the meds they prescribe but I don 't think they really know!
Only been on it for a week and a half so far. The first few days caused dizziness and a bout of nausea about an hour after taking it with food. I don 't get nauseous taking it anymore. I still get dizzys every now and then but they 're less intense now. I can already tell a difference in my mood. I 'm excited to see my future progress
I have been on Paxil for 5 years now.It has done wonders up until I had a baby a year ago and I just don 't think it 's working anymore. The only thing I hate about this drug is weight gain but other than that it has been a life saver for me and I would recommend it to anyone.
I started taking this medicine about a month ago for depression.  My doctor gave me 2 weeks of free samples, 30mg, to try and I really liked it so he gave me a prescription, which was very expensive.  Another week went by and this past week I have felt mentally blaaaa, unmotivated to do anything, extremely tired and lazy-which is unlike me, and unsocial.  I realize that this could be the result of something else, but I stopped taking it yesterday just to see, especially after reading about the withdrawal symptoms.  I haven 't noticed any withdrawal symptoms, and feel a bit less lazy, though it is soon to tell.  I also take 100mg of Lamictal.
I have been using epiduo for 3 months and even more I think. It is so bad - no joke it just peels my skin, burns my skin so much that I can 't even sleep at night and I hate applying it because once I put it the burning begins and I usually put it at night. It makes my skin so red like a sunburnt!!!  I 'm not sure if I have to wait any longer to see results but in my opinion I have waited for quite some time and yet no results at all! First week I saw a big difference on my skin but that was all. Moisturiser just helps with the peeling. Do I recommend it? Yes and no. Yes because some skin types are different so just give it a try to see your luck. And no  if your experience is  like mine. I 'm not saying to not use it just sharing my experience.
I have only taken one 30 mg pill and the nausea is horrible. I 'm not sure about continuing with it.
I 'm 19 and I 've been on Aviane for 8 days now. I switched from Diane 35. I never experienced side effects while on my old pill, but I had to change pills because the other one has more estrogen and is also for acne, which I don 't have much of anymore. Since being on Aviane, I 've been having cramps very often. I 've been feeling nauseous and yesterday I vomited. I also felt very tired for a few days, even though I had slept over 10 hours the previous nights. On the plus side, it hasn 't affected my skin and my sex drive is normal. I 'll see how I feel by the end of the month.
I 've been taking 300mg Wellbutrin for 6 months. I haven 't noticed any side effects to Wellbutrin, so that 's good, but the problem is I also haven 't noticed much effect at all. I did notice that I don 't hit my total low point almost ever now, but besides knocking out my worst feeling of depression, it hasn 't done much. I still spend most of my time incredibly sad, I still feel so awful about myself that I have immense difficulty socializing and I still feel like anxiety is eating away at me. But I guess even if I 'm not happy, as long as I 'm not at my lowest point I 'll be fine.
I have been taking Reclipsen for just over a year.  I prefer not to take pharmaceutical meds, but I don 't want to have an unplanned pregnancy.  The upsides to this method are that my cycle is regular, and shorter, with lighter flow and almost no cramps, all of which is contrary to what I experience when off the pill.  First couple of months I had very sore but awesome gigantic breasts.  Now they 're back to my normal 33 year old boobs.  I get chest acne mid pack, I am nauseous often, especially in the handful of hours following each dose.  I have had trouble sleeping, cry often, but my father also passed away this past summer, so I can 't identify the cause.  Arousal is a little slow to start since on this med, as well as low abdominal pain.
I have been on Ortho Evra for three months and my experiences so far have been okay. The very first week of starting the patch, I was very nauseous, had some diarrhea, and very bad headaches (however I think this would be the case with most methods). Usually the first week is the worst. Since then, I 've had random headaches and nausea (mostly on the patch &quot;change&quot; days). Unfortunately, I had terrible abnormal vaginal bleeding that seemed to be like a heavy period for a little bit over two weeks. My only other complaint is that the patch gets stuck to my clothing a lot and it concerns me. Sometime it gets bubbles in it or it looks like its falling off. However, I like the ease of use, and the fact that it is not a pill.
I started NuvaRing 2 months ago. It is easy to remember once a month. I can 't feel it at all, and it increased my breast size. BUT my period cramps are AWFUL! I usually can get through the days by taking Midol and Tums, but this was incredible. No amount of medicine could make me feel normal. Walking, sitting, pooping, eating, breathing- it all hurt. My periods usually are heavy and last 7 days and the NuvaRing didn 't change much. Maybe a lighter flow. Also, I have been really moody and am feeling more and more depressed. I love the ease of this product, but there are some big negatives. I also have a few zits on my back that weren 't there before I started NuvaRing... I 'll wait a few months to see if anything changes.
I 've been on the Depo for about 9 months now and am happy to say I will not be getting another shot. I received my first shot 2 days after giving birth. I have not had a period (besides the constant bleeding for 6 weeks after delivering) but do get get brown discharge instead which doesn 't bother me. The only thing I HATED was the weight gain. I gained about 3-5 lbs after every shot. And it 's been VERY hard to get rid of. I also have no sex drive. But besides that I haven 't expierenced any other side effects.
After travel by car, I felt the DVT symptoms, having had a previous occurrence 4 years ago. Pradaxa was offered as a choice, so that I would not have to return for the frequent pro-time tests. It has worked fine for a while, had reflux before and after starting to take.  Upside, the leg with the clot feels better and is not as swollen, and I am not having the irregular heart beat with dizziness.  Fewer headaches.  Downside:  my bones ache.  My hips and my thumb hurt.  Even my teeth and jaw are starting to ache.  Since there are no other meds except long term thyroid replacements, I feel this is the cause. Feel swollen around my abdomen.   And Acetaminophen doesn 't work well for low back and other pains.
This birth control is wonderful because I never have cramps (I used to have them so bad that I would throw up)  I rarely have acne (I 've never had worse than very mild acne before though)  My boobs grew (Big boobs run in my family...)  But it gives me CONSTANT yeast infections(I shower daily, sometimes twice and wear full coverage underwear and this doesn 't make a difference!!!).  I will be switching soon... No mood swings either.
This medication works great, you can literally notice the difference after one dose, but I would much rather deal with the infection than ever take this medication again. Severe headaches, nausea, loss of appetite. Feeling like I got ran over by a train. Day 4 and I called it quits. My headaches were so bad I couldn 't even sit up without assistance. Never again! Definitely will be asking for somethibg different next time around.
I am just about to stop taking lithium for bipolar2 due to recent frightening side effects. No problems to start except thirsty, but lately had numb tingly arm which was scary,  I was told lithium level was 0.6 (should be fine) then a bit later had a hideous kind of fit, (I wrongly linked 2 a cocktail?) where I suddenly felt totally drugged but kind of clear headed, terrified, Vision (but not eyes) flicking side to side v fast on and off for 2-3 hrs - horrifying. When I cld see I googled and Very Bad Diseases like Parkinson 's came up. (Eyes checked -fine) Then next day lost ability to swallow at all for about 5 mins (dysfagia?) also Terrifying. All 3 symptoms are signs of Parkinson 's but no thanks 2my gp I found they can also be effects from lithium. Gutted
Caused severe heartburn!
I think that it helps with the schizoaffective disorder they put me on it 2 yrs ago &amp; now I don 't hear the louds as much as I did before.
I was prescribed lunesta a few years ago and took it for about 2 months, hated it and got off of it. Last night I was desperate to sleep, and I couldn 't remember why I hated it, so I took another one. First of all, this was 17 hrs ago and my mouth still tastes like I sucked the coating off a bunch of ibuprofen. It makes it really hard to drink water because it exaggerates the taste.  Secondly, it makes me feel hungover and oppressively tired all day. Third, it let 's me sleep only 6 or 7 hours despite feeling like I could sleep all day when I wake up. Is it the worst? No. It does work to that extent but the side effects are, if not medically serious, pretty annoying and uncomfortable.
I 'm finishing up my first month on Spintec. So far here 's what I 've gotten out of it. I do not feel like it has made me gain weight at all, possibly even helped to loose some. Normal appetite and my mood seems stable (I 'm kind of an emotional mess anyways so i 'll just say its not worsened). My breasts have been soooo tender all month, like everyday. But the part that 's bothering me most is breaking out- I read a lot of people were on this bc to control breakouts. I started taking it for hormonal balance and to prevent pregnancy. I rarely ever have noticeable acne on my face, but these last two week I 've had horrible breakouts on my chin, forehead, and sides on face. I really hope its just the initial hormonal changes and it will clear up.
I have just started taking this medicine this time around for a very nasty cold that has gone bad!! My doctor is against giving this medicine to his clients so I feel lucky to have obtained it. I am a 61 yo man that has taken this particular pill several times in the past during my lifetime but it seems to me that it is no longer as potent as it once was. I know that my body may have become tolerant to this drug so that may be part of the affect but i don 't think the pharmacy industry is giving the full potency as they once did either. I hope that by tomorrow I will feel much better because I am so sick of being sick!!!
So I just got my first depo shot today, November 13 2015. Reading everyone 's experiences &amp; starting to freak out a little. Hope I have an excellent one. Only thing bothering me is the injection spot is sore. Thats normal but I will definitely be posting updates. =) so far so good.
I had a baby about a year ago and started taking this pill in October of this year.  The first month was fine, had a period but it only lasted about 3 days (happy with that). I didnt gain any weight, in fact I lost a few lbs.  I was never moody and never really had any side effects but then I got to the second month and I hardly had a period at all. There was about a day of spotting and then that was it so of course I panicked that I was pregnant. I 'm not saying Loestrin was bad, but I 'd rather have the assurance that when I start my period then I know I 'm not pregnant.
Dr. ordered Trelstar for one year beginning at end of radiation. PSA has been undetectable  since! Was it the treatment, medicine or both? Many side effects! Hot flashes can be VERY bad where I feel like throwing up, passing out etc. Some are very minor, average about 15 a day.Monthly dose has been much better than larger dose of a similar medicine taken two years ago!Other side effects are too numerous to mention, but are generally mild.
I have a molar abscess. After taking Clindamycin 150 mg an hour ago, I was awakened by severe burning pain in my chest.  I called the pharmacist who told me to take two antacids. I already ate a little yogurt and bread with butter. I didn 't know that this medicine should be taken with a full glass of water and not to lie down for 30 minutes after taking it.
I am 18 Years old and was diagnosed with an ovarian cyst just about a little more that 1 month ago so I was put on the birth control for that reason. Week 1: Was on period. Horrible on the 2nd day of taking the pill I threw up all day and had nothing to eat.Week 2: Not as bad as week one though experiencing weight gain from 132.2 to weight 138.8 almost 139lbsWeek 3: Started period early noticing a lot of shedding of the hair. Moody boyfriend can see that I am very angry and mean at this point.Week 4: Diet change, feeling a lot better no more sleepiness.1 Mo.: Doing alot better weight going back down (134.8).
Hurts way too much to continue using this product. I 've taken weeks break and still is unbearable. Wish it would have worked for me. Using Sweat block now, doesn 't work as well but there is no pain involved.
I got mine in my left arm in April 2016. I went to planned parenthood and they did the whole procedure in about a half hour. Just the numbing was painful. Um a week after I had intercourse with my boyfriend and I bleed like crazy I was so embarrassed. After a little while I thought it would go away. But it has been light spotting since and each and every time I have sex a whole stream of blood rushes out. It is the worst thing imaginable. It doesn 't happen to all. But I 've had the worst experience.
Ive been taking Saphris, and it puts me to sleep. I 've been taking it for almost 2 months. The only problems I have on it is that I have a extreme drop in blood pressure, becoming very dizzy, easily agitated, plus suicidal thoughts. It 's a good sleep medicine though. I 've been sleep deprived for several months and since I 've been on this medicine I 've been getting the proper rest that I need. Other than that I 've been ok on taking Saphris.
I was prescribed 300mg twice a day for seven days and the next day it was still there so went back to the hospital and I was prescribed another three days of the same dosage. It cleared my infection and it was not awful taking it (I do not swallow pills so I chew them) - I put the powder in bread then used icing to swallow everything - the taste did remain a long time but its all because of the previous antibiotics that screwed up my tongue). The reason why I am not giving it a perfect score is because it gave me a yeast infection so more medication for me to take (another 1 for the new infection).
I am taking Benicar HCT 40/25 I have NO sex drive and really bad leg cramps if I stretch, I immediately get a Charlie horse.
I had mine implanted  about 2 years ago. The insertion was easy, the only pain was from the numbing needle which wasn 't hardly any pain at all. I don 't have periods, just light spotting every now and then. My face dies break out now and then nothing crazy. The only downside is that I have completely lost my libido. I am 30 years old and used to have a high sex drive and now my sex drive is non existent. Which is why I am planning to have this removed as soon as possible because I 'm tired of living like this.
This is my first time with a Flagyl and Cipro combination.  It 's been 3 days and so nauseous and the lethargy is awful. I 'm not sure I can continue the combination but I will be calling the doctor Monday morning.  And I do have Zofran. These side effects are terrible.
no effects yet
I have been taking 450 mg of bupropion and 20 mg escitalopram for about 3 years and the combination has been working pretty well to control my depression and anxiety. I had breakthrough depression a couple of times a week, when I would feel guilty about random things, worry about things I couldn 't control and get pretty &quot;weepy&quot;. My doctor prescribed abilify, starting at 2.5 mg and increased it to 5 mg. This helped a lot! However, I  gained 25 pounds in 3 months. I am tapering off abilify, and will start 25 mg of lamictal tomorrow.
I have been on this medication about 3 years up until recently no problem it helped me to lose weight and manage my insulin resistance well. Then I got rare serious side effect lactic acidosis which occurs in 1 out of 10,000 people. unlucky me. now after being treated for the lactic acidosis I try to take the medication again and it makes me feel really unwell and ill. I miss being able to take it. Maybe I will be able to take something different instead because I can 't leave my Insulin Resistance uncontrolled.
I 've been on Tri Sprintec for 8 months. I started taking it because my previous birth control, Aubra (aka Lutera, Alesse, many more), gave me cystic acne and oily skin for the first time in my life. Tri Sprintec has not helped me. I thought it would definitely get rid of the oily skin (it made it worse) and at least the small pimples (it gave me MORE all over my forehead). I have 5 more days of Tri Sprintec left and after that, I 'm going to try to go off birth control altogether. I never had acne before I went on BC so we will see what happens. I also read that generic OTC makes acne worse, so maybe consider paying extra for brand name OTC if acne is your main concern. Good luck!
I found it worked well but the side effects; SHARP pains throughout my body were not worth it.
I have been on Ortho Tri-Cyclen Lo for one month. I had bad PMS this month and started me period a week early. I still have four pills to finish. No other side effects.
I have needed to opiate meds to manage my pain control for many many years.  I have a clotting disorder that had caused high levels of pain for my entire life.  I can remember taking liquid TyCo at 9 or 10 prolly earlier.. Anyway, as a teen, I would use TyCo 3 or vicodin.  It go to a point where I needed way too many to adequately control my pain.  I was switched to OxyContin and had started taking 20mg 3 X day.  Over 8 years, increased to 80mg X 2 day with OxyCodone for breakthrough.  Eventually I was up to 100mg X 2 day.  Changes in providers caused me to change from OxyContin to Opana ER.  I have been started at 50mg X 2 day.  It is just enough to help and take the edge off, but it is no where near as effective (for me) than OxyContin is
Fractured left humerus &amp; greater trochanter. Much difficulty sleeping, this medicatin helpful in controlling the pain
I took Cymbalta for 1 year. It did help with my depression however, I became very lethargic and gained 25 lbs within 3 months. The weight gain scared me because I had never gained that much in such a short period of time. Also, I did have serious constipation with Cymbalta. If you can handle the wieght gain and constipation, I think Cymbalta is the medication to at least try, it does work-or it at least worked with my depression.
I feel like the Skelaxin (Metaxalone) works sometimes. If I am in real pain it does nothing other than make me flighty and unable to realize I am in pain. But, it does not relieve the pain. I am not sure what I have yet because I am going through the testing processes. I would not ever want to be put on this medication again for severe pain because it does not work. I have been dizzy and have loss of memory quite often also.
It just makes me sleepy
When I got the Implanon I was VERY excited, no pill popping, sticky tape, or possible uterus punctures. Having the procedure done was quick and virtually painless. I hate needles so this was a leap of faith for me. I have had the Implanon for a year now and the only thing I like about it is I am not pregnant. I have one child and want it to stay that way for a bit. I have awful mood swings the kind where I ask myself why I am being so crazy! I have had great skin my whole life and since having it my skin has been awful. No weight gain, infact I lost weight. I don 't believe that has anything to do with the Implanon but of my own doing. I also bled for the most part during my year. Time to get it out.
I 'm on my 3rd weekly dose. Today I went through the usual procedure of mixing the 2mg pen, following the &quot; clear &quot; instructions ... No Pun intended !!I never did get the dosage to mix. There was a Jell like Blob visible through the glass. It looked like a Alien from another planet. I tried for 30 minutes to get it to mix with no luck. Eventually I threw the pen away... It 's fine for those in the Ivory Towers, telling me to discard the pen.. They obviously they are a lot richer than I am. Throwing that pen away, cost me BIG MONEY....  How about a replacement pen for my trouble ???LOT: HK0463
I started this supplement October 29th. The first few days were a little rough for me. I had bad headaches, dizziness, nausea, and low energy. I worked out some kinks. I have to be sure I don%u2019t take the medicine on an empty stomach. I usually have a protein bar just before time to take it or just after. The Nausea, headaches and dizziness have subsided and my energy is picking up. I have not weighed in yet but I feel confident that I have lost some weight. This is a good program; I have known several people that have successfully lost weight with it. Just hang in there, the first week may be a little rough but it will get better. Also I have not had any trouble sleeping at night and I feel fabulous in the mornings. I have not overslept since starting the medicine and that is normally a daily thing for me. 
Have been taking 10 mg for about 2 years, doctor recently increased to 50 mg, my legs are cramping up and are sore from where they have cramped. I am going to doctor tomorrow to see if dose can be reduced.
Got the typical starter pack. One week at 10mg - noticeable antidepressant effect, side effects of diarrhea and weird dreams. One week at  20 mg -  suddenly had tons of energy. Found myself getting lots of housework done, starting up projects I had been putting off for months, but no true enjoyment of things I loved. Diarrhea remained, some insomnia started. 5 weeks at  40 mg - Energy remained good at first, wasn 't depressed but wasn 't happy either. Just became numb like  with all other SSRI 's I 've tried. Diarrhea persisted. Had trouble getting up each morning and felt foggy all day but still had energy to get things done. NO libido. Anhedonia persisted. Not the right drug for me.
Worked great for my sinus and allergies. Had head and throats issues so bad so the pharmacist recommended Claritin D 24 hr.... I made the mistake of taking it at noon and it is now 6am and I 'm still awake. Wired and jittery and my anxiety is ragging. I can 't stop still... not worth the lack of sleep.
My son was prescribed this at the age of five. It work well on his ADHD, the bad thing about it was that it made his see things that weren 't there. He would hallucinate very badly. So we had him taken off and was put on a new medicine.
This is my second day on buspar 5mg once a day. My Provider&rsquo;s  (psych) instructions were 5mg 3x day, but she went out of town, so I called the pharmacy asking other questions and I was told to start with 1 a day, then after 5d to move to twice a day, then a few days later go to full dose of 3x.day.I have anxiety and panic disorder.I&rsquo;m also currently on 15 mg of mirtazapine and I&rsquo;m slowly weaning off it (1/10th the dose every 45d). Mirtazapine NEVER helped me but made me feel much much worse. Evil POS drug.What I found interesting is an hour after the first dose of Buspar yesterday I felt the fear and anxiety go away, nearly completely. It was amazing. But today after taking it i feel the same as I did before ever taking it. 
I 've been on Alesse for 2 months and my experience with it has been absolutely horrible. Cramps everyday, breakthrough bleeding, acne, sore breasts, frequent urination, back pain, nausea, bloating, anxiety and depression. Probably the worst birth control someone could possibly go on!!
Not really a wonder medicine.  Been on this 200 mcg powder for nearly 3 months and the Pharmacist told me it 's a type of steroid that takes 3-4 months to work.  The Pharmacist also said that once it kicks in, I won 't need to use my rescue inhaler (Ventolin) anymore.  Well, it 's been a solid 3 months, and all I can say is that it 's not doing anything to me at all.  No side effects, but no notice of change in my breathing at all either.  I still need my inhaler 3-4 times per day.  So I am not knocking this drug, but in my experience, it 's HIGHLY overrated by Pharmacists.  Had asthma for over 40 years, and this is not the &quot;end all be all&quot; drug for me.  Oh well, thank goodness for my Ventolin!  :-)  I will update again in 3 more months.
This drug did not work for me. It was bothersome to take as you had to remember to take it 30 minutes before each meal.
I agree with the other reviewer that this drug has minimal side effects.  However, my 7 yr old son has a significant rash, which Doctors suspect may be from the Intuniv.  The rash is not itchy, just unattractive and widespread. We have been using the Intuniv for 2 1/2 weeks, but may have to stop due to the rash.Here 's the results we 've seen on this medication:  better moods, less aggression, only minimal improvement with attentional/focus issues, and slight improvement in impulsivity.  Sleepiness has NOT been an issue, even though I had read many reviews and the label that said it might be.  My son has taken every ADHD drug out there except two (literally) and this one is very gentle on the body in comparison (except for the rash).
Made me moody mid cycle and really pms-y the week before my period. I lost my period for a while there and they tried me on this birth control to help it start up again. I didn 't gain weight until about 6 months of taking it, I started to baloon up from 117-132lbs. I 'm not very tall so it was noticeable. It made it hard to lose weight. It 's been a week since I 've stopped the birth control and I already feel less hungry and less puffy. Losing the weight will be no problem now I feel.  This compared to others was much better, but not for me long term.
Good for depression, not for anxiety/depression. I had a history of General Anxiety, it got worse after menopause. I was on different SSRI 's, the side effects were awful. When my depression returned, my doctor had me try Wellbutrin SL. It caused agitation, loss of appetite, muscle tremor and sleep disturbances were the worst. It does not help my anxiety, but it did helped depression. I am off it now to try something else in a week.
I have been on it for about 6 months, and it is great except for the fact that it makes me extremely emotional the day before my period and I have cramps on my period. Both of which I never had before using the pill.
I 've been taking Effexor XR 37.5 mgs for 8 days &amp; the worse SEs are horrible fatigue &amp; sweats. The 1st day I was light-headed but that went away. I skipped today to see if I got withdrawal symptoms &amp; I did. Tomorrow I will go back on it. If the chronic fatigue continues I will have to figure which med to try next. For my depression to subside I would probably need a higher dosage but I don 't think I could handle the SEs. I know for some people it works well at 150 mgs but I could never tolerate that dose.
I have been taking this medication for the better part of a year now in ever increasing doses until reaching the maximum dose of 250mg 2X daily. I have found it does a good job of controlling what I refer to as &quot;lesser&quot; pains. I find general movement is easier, minor physical activities such as walking, driving, showering etc. are less painful. However, it does not do as much for the more &quot;major&quot; pains. More active physical activity such as gardening, house cleaning, etc. are still painful, however the pain is &quot;masked&quot; by the drug and I &quot;pay&quot; for these things later..I have had chronic pain for over 30 years and I do not expect anything will ever make me 100% again, but this drug has made me able to enjoy a few hours a day of comfort
I stepped on a rusty nail and had alot of pain and foot started to swell. I started taking Bactrim and the pain went away within the first two pills which was 24 hrs. The only problem is that I can 't function with the nausea, dizziness, loss of appetite, headache. I think its because of sensitive stomach.
I have been on Cymbalta for about 3 months. It helped with depression but made me tired most of the time. A week ago, my doctor increased my dosage from 60mg to 90mg and I developed a UTI and have very intense middle back pain. UTI has been cured but back pain persists. I just read on a few different threads that cymbalta caused others to develop bladder infections and back pain, two things I never had prior to taking this drug. This drug also causes me to sweat profusely to the point I feel like I am about to drown in my own sweat. I was never a sweater. I am going to discontinue this drug.
This seems to be a comment thread full of Darvocet sales people. This stuff is worthless. It does help with mild back and thoracic pain though.
At first it made me incredibly drowsy but took the &quot;edge&quot; off my knee and chronic lower back pain where I had a discectomy and spinal fusion. Its been about a week and my stomach hurts pretty bad...I mean like a really sharp pain. Not only that-I think my body has gotten used to dose and my pain level is back to a 7 on top of my stomach. I 'm afraid of getting addicted to pain meds because so many of my friends have ruined their life with them, but I cannot live like this. Wondering if I should stop taking this and get the painkillers that actually work....if doc sees fit.
I read that the proper time to take it is early in the morning before food.  When I tried it this way I had the most horrible side effects of my life.  The inside of my mouth, gums, tongue were burning up so I couldn 't brush my teeth and my lips swelled up to twice the size.  I had taken it before at night without this problem.  So now I take it in the middle of the day after food and it is okay.
Took this for 10 days. Still did not knock out the full infection.  We are trying Zithromycin now, 500 mg 's for 7 days and then off one week and then 7 more days.
Helped better than any other antidepressant I have taken (&amp; there have been a few!)  Major depressive disorder is a tricky one. Still working on that (20 yrs.  now), but I 'm function able.
I am 31 about 145 lbs and have used it 3 times. Twice, when I was on bc but had forgotten a pill during my 20 's and once when I was 30 and not on bc. It worked the 1st 2 times, with mild PMS like symptoms and heavier period. The 3rd time, I took it, I had unprotected sex and realized in horror, right after, that I was in my fertile period. I rushed to the pharmacy and took Plan B within the hour. With my prior success, I thought I would be ok. I had a bit of spotting a week later, and since one of the prior times I had early spotting, I thought nothing of it, nor of the tender breasts right before my period. Only after I was starving, and late did I take a test-I was pregnant. I had pains until I had a termination and a cyst after. CONDOMS.
During my early 30 's, I had 2 laporoscopies and 1 laparotomy for severe endometriosis but had  no relief from pain. At 34, I had my 1st Lupron Depot shot. It eliminated my pain completely. The only side effects were hot flashes and irritability. The side effects were EXACTLY what I am experiencing with menopause now at the age of 58. I did not have any joint pain or other side effects.  After 6 months of shots, my primary care physician advised that bone loss could result from prolonged treatment, so we stopped treatment. As an alternative, I was put on low dose birth control pills which I took every day to stop my periods. Should have done this to begin with! No pain and no side effects!
Woke up early in the a.m. 36 hours after applying 5 mcg patch on a Sunday for the first time; knew it had kicked in.  Thereafter, pain relief so-so.  By Thursday, definitely not impressed.  Pain doc 's office said it was OK to take hydrocodone &quot;as I had been&quot; prior, AND the patch at the same time.  Don 't think I want to spend the rest of my days out of a hot tub, doubtful that I will renew this Rx after one month.  Some constipation.
I have Bi-Polar II and I have been taking 0.5 mg 1x a day of Risperidone. It has calmed my irritability and my thinking seems more organized.  I definitely noticed an immediate difference.  It addressed not mood as much as thinking and perception.  For mood, I take Lamictal and started taking Topamax also JUST to combat the weight gain from the Risperidone.  The weight gain is miserable and THAT depresses me.  (I was originally on Lithium but that affected my thyroid adversely and although it had a good effect otherwise, it also &quot;flattened out&quot; my mood to such an extent that I felt really blah).
This medication worked to clear up my sinus infection but gave me BLINDING, and I mean BLINDING headaches to the point where I couldn 't even move my head without wincing in pain.   That was the only side effect I experienced though.  My guess is it 's a pretty strong antibiotic and can affect everyone differently.
Started taking Welchol in 2012.  To date my LDL has dropped 30%.  I recently took the time to read the insert with the medication and was appalled to see that this medication contains aspartame.  This is the sugar substitute that I stopped using several years ago because of the muscle pain I was experiencing.  Two weeks later the muscle pain was gone.I was also diagnosed with Stage IV Breast Cancer in April, 2015.  Aspartame is suspected to be a cancer causing agent.What is this drug company thinking?  Stevia is a sugar substitute that is safe and it 's a natural sweetener.  If a sweetener is necessary, why not use Stevia.  I am weaning myself off of Welchol, and will consult with my cardiologist at my next visit.
I 've been taking Microgestin Fe 1.5/30 for almost 6 months now for the sole purpose of birth control. While it has never failed me in regards to contraception, it has given me crazy mood swings, sharp cramps, and intense sudden headaches that sometimes become migraines. I 'm talking migraines so bad that I have to close my eyes and crawl to get anywhere I need to go, if I can even move at all. It has been an emotional and painful 6 month trial, and I 'm done with this contraceptive.
in the year 1997 I was suffering form severe depression.  Was put on  100mg of Zoloft and Busperone.  I am taking zoloft now for eighteen years.  Busperone for fifteen years. I am now off Busperone.  Afraid to go off zoloft, don 't ever want to go through what I went through for many years.  I was on zoloft for 18 years, I have now droped down to 50mg.  Plan to go on 25mg soon.
Type 2 diabetic with PN and intense lower back pain from severe disc degeneration. Just started Gabapentin 2 weeks ago at 100mg 3x daily. First week I felt fabulous. The pins &amp; needles subsided considerably &amp; I was sleeping at night again. Now I noticed it is back again. Will see Dr. about increasing dose but am concerned about possible side affects as I also take Cymbalta, HBP meds, Metformin, insulin and heart meds.
I have had Crohns disease for many years and have used many medications.  I started using Pentasa in November and did very well until the last month, when I started having chest pains, heart palpitations. I am now off all medications, but continue to feel tired and weak.  The past two years I have had reactions to all of the medications we have tried.
I was on Betaseron for 1 yr before finally deciding to try something else.  It was effective in the fact that I had no new lesions while taking the medication.  However, I experienced flu-like symptoms after each injection, including headaches, body aches, fever, and chills.  I didn 't want to give up on it because everything I read said that this was a temporary side effect.  Anyway, after a year of staying tired and feeling terrible from the medication, not from the Multiple Sclerosis, I decided to move on.
This pill gave me the worst acne I have ever experienced. I never really had skin problems until I began taking this. I have been on it for 3 months and it has not gotten any better. The only thing this is good for is pregnancy prevention. I 'm switching brands because my skin looks terrible from this.
Taking 20mg. Thought it was starting to help at about the 2nd to 3rd week but now my anxiety is back. Also have faintness daily. Don 't know if it is from the Paxil or the anxiety but it started the same time I started the Paxil.
Had been on Prozac - that pooped out.  Then Effexor, its was okay.  This okay, but I get the dizzies every evening as the product wears out.  Doctor tried Wellbutrin - not a good fit as I got just plain mean.  I wish I could find a good medicine that sticks with me, doesn 't have me put on weight, and drag me down.  Mood is okay, but just okay.  Not interested in much as I used to be.
I was placed on Keppra in January 2009 by an emergency room physician after a reported seizure, which had no professional diagnosis. A neurologist whom I saw post emergency kept me on the medication as I reported no side effects. I had what I now believe to be a fainting spell related to an atrial fibrillation condition of my heart and a strenuous run, without a &quot;cool-down&quot;. I am pushing to get off this drug, as I experience dizziness, light-headedness, sleepiness and somnolence, fatigue and exhaustion most of the time. I am a 2008 Herat Valve transplant recipient and on diuretics and blood thinners, both required to avoid congestive heart failure and embolisms(artificial valve).
Migranal Nasal Spray seems to have helped the migraine (within the 24 hours, not quickly). However, the muscle pain was tremendous for 48 hours following taking the 1st &amp; 2nd doses. I changed from Triptans because of the muscle pain, but the pain with the Migranal is worse. I will try it one more time, but if the after effect (excruciating muscle pain, especially in my legs and feet) are as bad as my first experience, I will stop.
The withdrawals when coming off Norco 's is the worst feeling ever. Severe anxiety, hard to sleep. After about 7 days the anxiety was less and less, but then I had to get my energy back. I had a hard time walking around the store, very weak. I was on them for my knee for 6 months. Be careful coming off.
I 've been taking Vicodin or something like it for years. First for migraine headache and occasional back pain. Total of maybe 30 pills a year. My most pressing need were bouts with cellulitis. If I were to describe the pain, think placing you leg in a bucket of scalding water up to the knee. I took it round the clock for a few weeks. I now take it for chronic knee and hip pain. The dosage is 5 mg 3 times a day as needed. I rarely ever take 3 doses. Most days maybe 1 or 2 and if the pain is manageable, I don 't use it at all. I 'm averaging 60 pills every 4 months. The talk of addiction precludes me from taking it when I (or even my wife) feel I should. I 've never felt high or drugged. The only side effect I see is less pain.
Depakote worked for me as a mood stabilizer, but caused a lot of side effects. Weight gain = 30 pounds in 3 months and pancreatitis. Doctors didn 't realize the pancreatitis was from the combination of two of my medications until I had it three times - pancreatitis is excruciatingly painful and lead to me losing my job from losing so much time at work. I 'm giving this medication a low rating event though it worked well for my mood because there are so many other medications out there for bipolar that are weight neutral and don 't cause organ damage.
This birth control made me have no sex drive at all. I was disgusted to look at my boyfriend! I didn 't really notice any difference in my acne but felt like I had morning sickness  every day when I woke up, and dizzy for the first hour after. Bled for a month after I stopped taking it. Not good for me.
For the last four years I have been taking Spiriva before bed. Recently I switched to morning. What a difference! My daytime breathing has really improved. 
Cymbalta didn 't much help me, other than making my mind a bit clearer, but I hope it helps you.
I decided to try this to put on weight. Its only the second day and I 've noticed an extreme increase in appetite!!! The only bad thing is it makes me soooooooo tired does anyone else get this?? Shall  I take it before bed then?
Added Viberzi to 300mg of Wellbutrin. Out of the gate, Viberzi worked very well.  But, the positive results started declining after about 45 days. After 4 months, I 'm not sure it 's working at all.
I had a Triple Arthrodesis (triple fusion in my foot), and because so many nerves had to be cut, my foot was on fire. I was originally given Nuerotin, which I took, and it bottomed out my blood pressure, I was rushed to the ER unconscious, and kept there until I was okay. Needless to say, I discontinued it, and was given Lyrica....but that made me nervous as well. With my pain over a 10, and the inability to sleep, I decided to try it. I slept well, my pain is decreased some, but isn 't gone. I 'm only at day 3, and I 'm pretty dizzy, sick to my stomach, and sleepy, but that 's all so far. I do hope it helps my pain a little more, it 's about an 8 now, so we shall see! I 'm glad to hear some good stories.
Took Med for six months, decreased appetite and lost 50 pounds. But then it stopped working on me.  Tried it a year later and not working.  If you get the savings card on line at the official Belviq web site and pay cash drug is only $75.  Even if your insurance covers the drug copayment may be more than that.
So I found out Friday that I had Chlamydia, I was proscribed two pills (500 mg each) of Azithromycin. I didn 't eat all day so I took them then had a slice of pizza. TOTALLY BAD IDEA. About 20 minutes later I felt dizzy, light headed, and ended up puking everything. Today is now Monday, I had the prescription refilled, ate a meal first then took the two pills. Felt fine for about two hours then suddenly my stomach started hurting. I was so afraid I was going to end up pining so I forced myself to eat bread. Two and a half hours later and I had to run to the bathroom, ended up having diarrhea but felt so better after. My stomach doesn 't hurt anymore! So gross, I know! Just make sure to take these while at home!
I saw my Dr for bad sinus infection. He prescribed cefdinir. I took the first one and within a short while was violently vomiting, sweating profusely, very weak. Called 911 to help get me off the floor into a chair to be wheeled to the car. Went to the emergency room. ER doc said nausea &amp; vomiting due to the serious upper respiratory infection, but I see here it may have been the cefdinir. If any of the future doses make me sick, I 'm going to ask for different antibiotic.
The pharmacist, physician, nurse told me Augmentin could or may give me diarrhea. So I started eating the BRAT diet and yogurt and drinking a lot of water. Mild/dull stomach discomfort with mild cramping on days 1 and 2. Day 3 is when diarrhea started. On the 7 days order.
I had been taking Allegra and Nasonex for years, but still did not have good control over my allergies and asthma.  I used Benadryl as needed when my two prescription medicines were not enough.  The pulmonologist told me that Benadryl has an intense drying effect in your body and that it makes your mucous more viscous (thicker).  Within 2 days of starting Xyzal (and stopping Benadryl), I definitely had thinned mucous and my skin was much less dry.  My asthma was much better controlled and I had less sensitivity to environmental triggers.  Unfortunately, I also started experiencing moderate-to-severe headaches along with a feeling of depression/anxiety.  Without Xyzal, I get pneumonia.. with it, I feel crazy.  Works, but bad side effects.
Very slow to see results. Have been on Xenical for 2 weeks. Only lost 1.5kg. Taking Duramine as well. Been going to gym daily for pilates,  yoga and circuit. Cut out wine totally..only have whiskey at night. Results seemvslow
No pain with actual injection or at the injection site.  Heart palpitations, severe leg cramps, bone and joint pain (not severe).
Helped with acne, although not the &quot;miracle&quot; we hoped for. However, he did experience severe psych issues at month #4. A college kid with absolutely no previous psych issues , became very depressed. No specific incidents or issues occurred, just a depression over nothing. Tears and sadness with no links to anything. Couldn 't eat or sleep.We immediately stopped.
I am 14, female, and I am diagnosed with an anxiety disorder NOS, moderate depression, and dermatillomania (compulsive skin picking). I have been on 200mg for a few months now. I am much, much happier and more stable. My side effects have been dizziness, I haven 't had weight gain. If I miss a day, I can feel a little depressed towards the end of that day. I have had NO relief from my skin picking. It may have gotten worse. I tried to add Wellbutrin, 150mg to my Zoloft. I took it two days and I felt AWFUL so I 've stopped that. Looking into a treatment center, OCD specialist, or dermatillomania-specialized doctor.
My psychiatrist has prescribed this medicine for my acute anxiety for years. Rarely did I ever need it while I was on Paxil. About 3 months after I had weaned myself of Paxil I started having anxiety attacks again, and rather than get back on it I resorted to taking 1mg lorazepam as needed for about a month. I got back on Paxil and found discontinuing lorazepam to be moderately difficult. I had some major sleep disturbances, along with elevated anxiety and paranoia.  It took me about 3 days at 0.25mg for these to go away.  I recommend this medicine as a supplement to an antidepressant, but not as a stand-alone remedy.  
I was on vacation when I started feeling symptoms: fever, body aches, weakness etc. Once I got back into the states I went straight to urgent care as my symptoms continued. Dr gave me Tamiflu. She said it 's most effective if taken within the first few days the symptoms start, but hopefully it will help shorten the time left. My fever and body aches were gone by the next morning thank god. I did experience some dizziness in my head, no vomiting but severe diarrhea.. oh god, my stomach feels like it 's on fire from the inside. I didn 't eat much in the days prior to taking it but I made sure to eat a little something before each dose. I 'm unable to return to work until I can get my stomach issues under control. Stopped taking after 2.5 days.
I have been using minoxidil from almost 4 years but not regularly I mean for 4 month I used minoxidil then I took a month break because it seemed useless but later I found that it may work after 3-4 months of usage. I have been on finisteride also but the side effect of finisteride which is erectile dysfunction and chances of impotency too though its chances are not too high but still I love children more than my hair so now again I started using minoxidil alone, now it have been a month that I started minoxidil again and I will test it but review from my cousins was very positive, though my finger crossed, I wish it will be helpful. By the way hair concern women more than men. Please if someone can assure me that yup it 's work kindly do so
Requip was life changing for a year!  But like others have commented, my RLS has been getting a lot worse.  I have discovered that this is a rather common side effect of this drug.  Before requip I used to have 3-4 bad nights a week.  Now if I don 't have access to the medication I don 't sleep at all, and the medication is working less and less.  I don 't know if it has been worth it.
I just started using celebrex a few days ago.i was taking 1600-3200 mg daily for severe knee pain. It barely helped, and I have had stomach ulcers, so my pcp recommend this med. It 's only  helped a little but,but I 'd like to give it a few months. Today I woke up feeling sick.i have a hot, flushed face and just feel terrible. and I have not been feeling well lately anyway and have wheezing and a cough ..but i hope this isn 't a side effect.
I went on Nortrel 1/35 at the age of 21 to regulate my periods, make them more manageable, less painful every month and to clear up my skin. During the first week I was extremely sad to the point where I was crying every day for no reason. I remained on the pill for a year and even though the first week was the worst with mood swings I remained emotionally sensitive throughout the whole duration of taking the pill. It helped clear up my skin within a few months and also made my periods more manageable as well as predictable. After a year though I broke out with erythema multiform all over my body due to a sensitivity to progesterone (that 's the current diagnosis). I am now in the process of considering another birth control to balance it out.
Been on it for 4 weeks, started of with the meanest night sweats like somebody threw a bucket of water on me, my appetite is more controlled meaning I get full fast, and when I first started I had the worst fatigue ever but everything is fine now just dull cramps every here and there.
. I 'm currently 15 yrs old and and this is the second add/adhd meds I 've been on. In highschool I feel that it 's very important to succeed. Due to me going untreated for my entire childhood, I dropped out. I 'm back in school now and it 's been 2 years. If it gets to the point where you want to drop out I suggest add medication. But if you have a 3-10 year old I highly don 't suggest it. When my brother was 4-7/8 he was on it. He would always try to kill me and my mother. He would hurt animals and kids at school. He was quiet and had no emotion or expression. Tried to kill himself many times. To this day he is now 18 and 5 '8 when he is supposed to be over 6ft because our genes. Highly do not recommend unless this is the last resort for a child
Altogether Trinessa wasn 't a bad option for me.  The only issue I had with the pills is that every 6th day into a new pack I would experience a horrible headache with an aura (blurred vision)  My gyno claimed that had something to do with the amount of estrogen I already had in my body and Trinessa just added even more which resulted in this odd ocular migraine.  Due to the headaches and their effect on my driving, school, and work my gyno and I decided to give the Nuvaring a shot.  I just started it so I 'll see how I feel on this.  The pills always worked fine for me.  I didn 't experience any weight gain or mood swings.  One thing that I did experience was a HUGE sex drive.  My boyfriend could hardly keep up.
This birth control was not that good. It made me get severe migraines and the periods were too light. Cramps were horrible.
Update: I went to my Dr. on Monday morning I was down 8 lbs. woohoo, and my Dr. said I was doing great! By the time my husband and I hit Hawaii I should be down 50 lbs! Now that is exciting! I 'm losing about 2 - 2.5 lbs. a week. This is good, very good. I already notice a difference in me even if no one else can. Very excited!
My experience with this drug is rather odd. I got good relief from 25 mg, felt even better at 50, 75 also good. Then BAM when I increased to 100 mg I began feeling super depressed and very very anxious. Went back down to 75 mg. It 's too bad really - because I know It 's working - I just can 't reach a therapeutic dosage..Also I 've had lots of side effects - most of which has all disappeared: no appetite BUT always hungry (lost 4 kg), itching, a small rash which went away, hypomania right after an increase, uncontrolled eye rolling, numbness in my face, constant throat clearing and constant blinking of my eyes, acid reflux. When I switched from the generic to the brand name Lamictal a lot of these side effects went away.
I 've been sick with a fever for about two weeks &amp; pregnant. I 'm about halfway through this pregnancy. Long story short, after a Sat. spent in urgent care (they did nothing) I was sent to ER and diagnosed with a secondary infection (basically bronchitis on its way to pneumonia). At urgent care (before the ER) I complained about ear pain and pressure too, but urgent care is good for nothing. Anyway, they sent my report to the ER &amp; ER gave me azithromycin &amp; a breathing treatment bc I was wheezing.1 pill left of my z pack. My chest is great and pretty much cleared up, but my sinuses are worse. On the right side of my face I have jaw pain, clogged ear, ear pain, stuffy nose, headache &amp; fever. Going back to doc as z-pack isn 't working 4 sinuses
I have an Arnold Chiari. And severe scolosis and ruptured disc at L4 L5. Vicodin is the only thing that gives me relief. I 've tried just about every other pain pill out there and its been the best for me. Doctors in my area don 't like to perscribe it because of the addiction issue. This really hurts the people who really need it.
Phentermine works great on curbing my appetite but causes my anxiety to kick in.  I work in an office and I don 't feel very good on it. If I 'm out and about its better.  I tried 1/4 and !/2 doses and about the same effects. Anyone relate of have comments or suggestions
I was a heavey IV user for 2 years have been in and out of treatmeant programs relasping every time.  My doctor who was prescribing me subs told me she had to cut me off because I could not pass urine analysis.  So basicallly she started telling me about this shot that she was getting trained on and could give me next week, the vivitrol shot.  She told me I needed to be at least 7 days clean before getting it otherwise I would have severe withdrawal.  Finally I manned up went in to see my doctor told her I couldn 't stay clean and that I had used the previous day but I wanted her to give me the shot anyway.  Got the shot by the time I got to the car iIwas in full out precipitated withdrawal. Day 4 feeling better just cant sleep at all.
I chose Nexplanon because I have never been able to remember the pill. After inserting Nexplanon I bled constantly for six months. I have had Nexplanon in for a little less then two years and still bleed all time. Every time my husband and I are intimate I start my cycle that has been going on for two years. It is effective as a birth control but the bleeding in annoying and get expensive when you are always buying feminine products.
This medication mad me feel as though it was taking control of my body, in the strangest way it felt like instead of helping it was doing and pouring sickness into my body. This isn 't normal I believe. Nothing should effect you like this .I 've been dealing with hospital for 17 years and never have encountered such a horrible response that are In most reviews I  believe once a drug is having known bad effect it should consider to take a more in-depth research
First time when I took cialis it (6 days) made my ankle swell twice there size, taking 5 mg, so I stop taking it. I do have ED and Bph so one pill for 2 ailments sounded great. Next DR appointment we discussed the problem and decided to try it again I 'm on day 8 no ankle problem Bph getting better but no erection. Since it has been 10 years for my last erection. it may take 30 to 45 days to take affect according to some experts. I guess only time will tell
Took three pills (I 'm an adult) last night and nothing happened. That was to be expected, most reviews I had read said a couple hours later it would kick in Cue to this morning, about three hours ago. I woke up cramping and hurting and squirming in my bed like a wounded animal, clutching at my stomach because It felt like I was shot. Eventually I get up and move to the bathroom, nothing happens. So I sat and waited, tried a little and succeeded some, but cramping came in and out in waves which just made it worse for me. While on the phone with my parents, I hang up and it instantly happened. My BM was quick, almost painless, but most importantly it happened. So, it worked, but be weary of the pain that can induce when you use this!
After being on the pill for years, I decided to try the implanon for two reasons. 1: you don 't have to remember to take the pill every day and 2: it is so much cheaper than the pill in Australia. The implanon was about $30 once off for three years and the pill costs me $75 for three months. At first I thought it was great because I didn 't my period for the first two months. Then it became once a month, which I thought was still fine. But a year later I had it taken out because I was bleeding about 50% of the time in an almost 1 week on / 1 week off pattern. In addition, my skin broke out on my back so badly that my doctor put me on Minocycline. So I had to remember to take daily medicine anyway, and I 've never had acne before.
I have generalized anxiety disorder. For me, BuSpar does its job: it decreases those fears and worries that plague your life. However, it takes a while for the medication to get into your system. I would not recommend this medication to anyone who is struggling with short-term stress (divorce, legal problems, etc.). If you 're prone to panic attacks, don 't expect to just take one of these and expect to feel okay.The memory loss from this medication is frustrating. 
If you want to experience your guts evacuating your butt, this is the medicine for you. 100% effective at relieving constipation. But in my experience in no way worth the agony I encountered through the night, as well as a massive bout of vomiting. I am good when it comes to pain and this was like nothing I have ever encountered. I would rather have a month of Sundays 's worth of constipation then take this again.
Stammering speech, violent nerve twitching, insomnia, blurred vision, difficulty swallowing
Helps with sleep and weight loss
Effexor sustained release has helped me overcome most of my depression, however, it has not helped me overcome my social anxiety or general anxiety symptoms.  I am currently taking 112.5mg and have been for the past week, however, before that I was taking 75mg for 2 weeks.  I will talk to my doctor about increasing the dosage; maybe this will help with the anxiety part. Side effects for me have been dry mouth; not much to complain about.  That being said, it has helped me a lot more than Paxil ever did.
Doctor prescribed me this and I took one pill at around 9:30 pm, went to bed with gas but I felt fine - that was until I woke up at 2:30am vomiting and having severe diarrhea (I also felt shakiness, dizziness, weakness, shortness of breath, and a burning sensation in my anus)I didn 't actually get the chance to poop until 5 am which was exhausting. Never will I take this product again and I highly suggest everyone to do a much natural solution like eating prunes, consuming a lot of water and papaya smoothies, or drink 2 tablespoons of extra virgin olive oil, its much safer than this over the counter stuff.
Loestrin 24 Fe was discontinued and I was switched to Minastrin 24 Fe. I was told it was the same exact pill, I had been on Loestrin for 4 years and never had a problem. Sadly Minastrin was not the same. I had horrible side effects from this pill, besides the weird periods I had mood swings that made me miserable. I also had a horrible allergic reaction to this medication. It was extremely unclear whether this has to be chewed or not. 
I just had Mirena &quot;installed&quot; 3 days ago. I am 27 and have never had a child. I decided to go with Mirena, not actually even for birth control purposes, but instead due to my extremely painful periods. I have been experiencing absolutely awful cramps. I chose Mirena because I am hopeful that it is going to ease my discomfort and make my periods more bearable.A friend of mine had Mirena put in 2 years ago, when we were both 25. She absolutely loved it and recommended it to me. After she told me that she basically felt like she was a &quot;guy&quot; because she didn 't even think about her period since it didn 't effect her anymore and she basically didn 't get her period anymore or any bleeding. I thought this sounded ideal so I decided to go for it.
Had to start out with a very low dose 12.5 and work my way up to a 150 MG.  Would up dose by 12.5 each week.  Been on it for three months and have lost 15 pounds, also my hands shake and I can 't sleep at night.  Also had bad stomach pain. Only been on the 150 mg since Nov. 27th. My doctor said to give it two more months.  So far have not gotten results yet with my anxiety or depression but it can take up to six months for some of these meds to start working.  Will just have to be patient and give it more time to work.  Will try Prozac if Zoloft doesn 't work. My doctor said Prozac is the easiest one to get off of. Have read some good reviews on it and have tried two other ones before Zoloft so I 'm hoping this one starts to kick in soon.
I started Loestrin 24 about a year and a half ago. I initially gained about 10 pounds and have consistently continued to gain weight. I look bloated most of the time and have also gotten cellulite, even though I am only in my twenties. I constantly have an appetite and even though I exercise regularly, I cannot seem to lose the weight. However, the bright side is that my periods are non-existent and I don 't have cramping.
I 've only been put on Ortho Evra recently, so I can 't say anything about the long term. But I can say that lately I have been quite depressed and nauseous. This is only my first month of using the patch, so I imagine that I 'll begin to feel better sometime soon. But its very easy to use and if you 're willing to put up with the side effects for a bit its worth it.
I have been taking Midrin for a week for chronic headaches. It does help enough to let me rest. The relief is somewhat short in duration but it is better than anything else I have taken. Considering I have had a chronic headaches for almost 6 weeks - this is progress.
Had severe abdominal pain, Doc gave me shot of toradol and said I needed to get to motel because I would be going to sleep. Only reduced pain 50% and suffered for 4 more hours and then taking hydrocodone to finally get to sleep
I started taking this medication  5 days ago. It 's 1248 am, I 've been up now for an hour, sick to my stomach. I 'm having a hard time when I try to lay down, my throat feels like it 's swelling, unable to sleep. AND actually woke up by throwing up. And plus I 'm still having a terrible  muscle spasm in right lower back
I got liletta inserted January 11 it 's now January 17th and everything is fine , the only thing I 've noticed is I 'm starting to break out on my face which is not like me, the insertion itself was not bad I 've never had kids or anything the only part that really hurt was the measuring of the cervix a 8/10 pain but it was only for 2 seconds, other than that I got up right away and went right back to work afterwards cramps weren 't any worse than usual and were only for a day or two and a little bit of back pain. Read that side effects kick in after a week or two so I 'll keep you guys posted !
Okay I just switched from using Differen which helped my skin but didn 't completely cure it. I have always had mild to moderate acne. I went to my dermatologist and  I started using Retin-A every other night for the past weeks and few days. I 'M BREAKING OUT LIKE THERE 'S NO TOMORROW. This is awful and I have to go to school during this. I really hope this is just the initial breakout, and I 'm not one of the people who end up saying this left my skin worse then when I started. I 'm going to give it another month or two.
I take Imitrex for migraines. Excedrin migraine does not have much effect after a migraine has taken effect, but does a great job for me if taken as soon as I feel one coming on.
After looking over the sleep study results my Doctor concluded I have narcolepsy. He has put me on Nuvigil (1x-150mg). I will say, the first 2-3 days felt great. After that, it went and still continues to go down hill. I feel tired and am weak, but my eyes aren 't closing like they used to. I kind of wish I would just fall asleep. I have this extreme dull headache that won 't subside and dry mouth. I meet with the Doctor next week, hopefully we can change things up.
On my 4th day of a 5 day course (2 tabs a day) and thank god it almost over! In my experience the symptoms get worse as the course goes on, the tiredness is the worst for me as I have two small children. I keep feeling spaced out shakey and weak its scary as I 've felt I may pass out on occasion, I 'm eating more than usual to try and combat this but it doesn 't seem to work.  On the plus side it works and I 'm pretty sure the BV has gone but as tempting as it is to throw away the last two I will take them because I really don 't want to have to go through this again!
I was on Effexor XR for over 9 years and it finally pooped out on me.  My Anxiety and Panic Attacks came back with a vengeance!  I was barely functioning, always afraid that I was going to drop dead.  My psychiatrist recommended a tricyclic antidepressant but I am afraid of those medications.  He then recommended Lexapro.  So I 've been on Lexapro generic 10 Mgs for 2 and half weeks now.  I have mixed feelings about it right now.  The first week I felt no difference in my anxiety. The second week, I felt great! Hardly felt anxious and hardly reached for the Ativan.  I was sure this was the med for me.  Now I feel out of and a bit anxious again
I have been on this pill for 9 months after pregnancy, I don 't feel that I 've gained any weight.  Although I eat well and recently within 2 months went back to the gym.  The worst part about this BC is the break through bleeding, for weeks at a time. Skipping periods...my cycle is most definitely unregulated since the 1st month.  I haven 't gotten pregnant so that 's great, but my husband and I are losing our sex life. I want to change, but I dislike when hormones are messed up.
I 'm 17, so this applies more to teens.I was on the DEPO shot. I had horrible effects, would tell anyone and everyone to stay away. So after my 9 month on it, I had a 2 month long period, incredible pains and mood swings, and it was all too much. I came off and went on Lutera. It 's beeen 3 weeks. I put on about 5 pounds, but so far I 've been working out and dropping it! The weight gain is fast and I 'm finding it easy to get rid of! My moods are much more stable which is amazing because it really makes a difference if you are in a relationship. So far I would recommend it.
I 've been taking it for 4 months, I take it at night around 10 and to be honest the only thing that bothers me is my boobs are sore and hurt all month long but I mean I can deal with it. Also it didn 't help with my period cramps they are still very painful. but no acne or nauseous feelings
After 2 days of this antibiotic, I felt no difference. I went to another Doctor who game me betadine liquid to gargle. Next day my sore throat improved little. But after 4 days of azithromycin and 2 days of betadine gargle, I feel good but still unable to swallow food/drink except milk. Hope it gets better in another couple of days.
It 's too early to tell yet regarding the effectiveness of the eradication protocol, but the taste in my mouth, bloating, and overall chronic Nassau feel is horrible. I 'm somewhat relived that I am not the only one experiencing these adverse reactions from the protocol. I do feel positive knowing that I 'm getting rid of this horrible bacteria, because I 've been so sick for almost 2 months. Thanks for the helpful tips on what to use to help with the taste that comes from taking the clarithromycin.
I have been on birth control for 9 years for heavy/too frequent periods. For the first 6 years, Seasonique was amazing. However, especially within the past two years, I have had excessive spotting.  For awhile, I was on the generic and just thought there was a difference between that and the name brand. Initially I had no problems, but I started a doctorate program and am sure the stress has a lot to do with it, but my spotting has started again.  It 'll happen any time I stress out or after having sex.  I like not having my period for 3 months but now, im on my period more than a normal bc. Except it 's worse. It comes unannounced and has ruined a number of undergarments.
I 'm 23, never given birth, had it inserted 9/16. I have high pain tolerance, but the insertion was brutal and I nearly passed out. Horrible cramps and weakness the next few days. Although it 's effective, I almost got it removed in the first couple of months because of side effects: crazy mood swings, cramps, bloating, cravings, acne all over, spotting. Like puberty all over again. My doctor advised me to give it 6 months and see how I feel. 4 months in and the side effects are getting better, more noticeable around my period, which has become much lighter but longer. I went from a heavy 4-5 days on the pill to a very light 10-12. I 'm not sure if it 's a good trade, but I 'm going to wait and see if the hormones level out.
I have now tried Enbrel two different times. It worked really well the first few weeks and has gradually lost its effectiveness.
This is the first day on Belviq XR so I haven 't been able to notice much of a change in my eating lesser. I didn 't experience any headaches or nausea. Actually had a little more energy. Now I 've just did 3 months on Phentermine 37.5 mg and I went from 282 lbs to 251 lbs(without exercising much) I wanted to continue the phentermine. But my doctor said 3 months is the limit. He suggest I try Belviq since you can remind on Belviq longer. I am 5 '10 ' and current weight is 251 lbs. My goal is too get down to 190 lbs and I am very optimistic in reaching this goal.
I woke up Day 1 with a Tighten lip, I reached for the Abreva, I put it on 5x a day the first day. I woke up the cold sore was twice it size my lip was so swollen, Day 2 I started using 200mg of acyclovir it seemed to help a little bit not much. After speaking back with my doctor he decided to give me Valtrex 2000mg 2x a day for 1 day. After my first dose I notice my lip wasn 't as swollen, I take my second dose tonight at 11. I will keep you guys updated on how I 'm doing! I hope it works as good as everyone says!
I 've been on these tablets now for about 2 an a half years, I hear all these stereo types of comments all the time, but different people suffer from different types of illnesses. I can honestly say that the intended dosage that I 'm currently on is working and therefore my own experience is the drug is fine.
It didn 't work as fast as I thought it would. Very expensive! $3,600 Made me feel very sleepy and tired . I could sleep all day!
I started taking Reclipsen about a week ago. I have had migraines, mood swings, and I have broken out in hives and gotten rashes several times as well. I will keep being on it for a little while but I will be calling my doctor because the hives are not normal.
It 's been 2 months since starting saxenda and I 'm still having big time issues. I 'm losing the weight, my a1c is better (it 's always been under 7 and is now 6.5) but the side effects are taking its toll. The chronic diarrhea and gut rot have me feeling like an exhausted piece of dirt every day. The nutritionist says I need 50 minutes of Cardio per day, and theres no way this is happening as I just feel like crap all the time. If this wasn 't a study I would have bowed out by now. I still may but it is doing what it 's supposed to do.... Better blood gluose and weight loss. In the 14 month trial I was supposed to lose 12 pounds, it 's been 2 months and I 've lost exactly 20 pounds. We will see what the future holds.
I have been taking this pill for two weeks now and I have noticed I 've been feeling super fatigued. I am usually energetic and outgoing but the past two weeks all I have wanted to do was sleep, even while I 'm out with friends I 'm still tired.
I got this birth control put in around early October and today is March 11th. I 've scheduled to take it out on Thursday. I read a million horror stories on IUDs but figured every woman 's body is different so I 'd try it. The insertion was EXTREMELY painful  but a really short process. The pain lasted about 40 seconds. Cramps lasted that day but then went away pretty quickly. About 4 months in I started getting UTI 's every single time I had sex. Before I got this IUD I was having sex everyday with my bf sometimes 2 or 3 times a day and never had any issues with UTI 's. I know how to clean myself and how to prevent them so clearly it was my IUD causing them. Also I 've now had my period for 3 weeks and cramp and back pain. Can 't wait to remove it
Woke up early in the a.m. 36 hours after applying 5 mcg patch on a Sunday for the first time; knew it had kicked in.  Thereafter, pain relief so-so.  By Thursday, definitely not impressed.  Pain doc 's office said it was OK to take hydrocodone &quot;as I had been&quot; prior, AND the patch at the same time.  Don 't think I want to spend the rest of my days out of a hot tub, doubtful that I will renew this Rx after one month.  Some constipation.
Gilenya worked wonders for me the first 18 months, I felt great, MS stabilised, then I started slowly getting worse, fatigue, dizziness, bad headaches, still no MS progression or relapses but I felt awful! Elected to take the chance to come off the drug and try another just to feel better, within 6 days after stopping G I felt amazing, no more fatigue, no headaches and the dizziness has eased, at day 18 off so far and I continue to feel better each day. Clearly does its job but at the expense of my life it just wasn 't worth the side effects.
I have been using Tri Cyclen Lo for almost 2 years, and I have decided to switch to Nordette. I like Tri Cyclen Lo for not getting me pregnant but it gave me a few side effects that I didn 't want to live with again. I had a huge decrease in sex drive, I gained 25 lbs in weight, I cried a lot for any situation, I had mood swings and my period lasted 5 -6 days and heavy with PAIN! I think the only good thing is that it cleared acne very well, my period came exactly on time and no pregnancies. I hope Nordette works better for me!
I have been on Minastrin for about 5 months and have had no real negative physical side effects. My boobs grew a half of a cup side but that was it for physical effects. I did, however, experience emotional and psychological side effects. I noticed that I rarely wanted to leave the house and had no desire to see friends. It made me extremely overdramatic and moody. I just switched to another BC because I was beginning to feel too depressed. I 'm not certain that this depression is coming from Minastrin but it began around the time I started this pill.
I have been on Effexor now for almost 6 months. I take a combined dose of 75mg and 150mg at once( 225mg) I started at 150 and was given the 75mg a few days later to help with my anxiety. The meds do make me &quot; numb&quot; to emotions, and it does help with my depression and anxiety. I have good and bad days. Sometimes my meds will make me sick to my stomach, I often feel dizzy and feel brain zaps, and &quot; electrical&quot; zaps down my arms and fingers. It often takes away my appetite, and have lost weight I often struggle with constapation too. And sometimes it makes the voices, depression and anxiety worse. Compared to other meds in the past, Effexor is better. On good days I feel better and turn from realistic view point in the world to a more positive
I was prescribed propranolol years ago as a preventative medication for migraines. There was no change in the number of headaches I experienced in a month with the medication, so I stopped taking it. My doctor recently prescribed propranolol as needed for anxiety. I have high anxiety in social situations. I took it recently before a party and felt more calm and less self conscious. I still felt inhibited when it came to talking to people. I also experienced a dramatic increase in appetite.This medication seems helpful for anxiety, but I was not expecting to be so hungry after meals.
I have endometrosis and have stomach pain, digestive problems, and abnormal bleeding. The digestive problems are just as bad as they were. My periods are better. The medicine does have side effects such as unsettled stomach and headaches.
This pill worked great for protecting against pregnancy but there were MANY side effects. I would feel extreme lows, more emotional and cried over the silliest things, vaginal dryness, small occasional breakouts, and a week before the placebos would begin, I would start my period making it last two weeks instead of one! Happy to be getting off this pill in two more weeks!
Starting weight 169 lb 5ft5in. I got addipex last month and lost 4-5 lbs in the month. I 'm on the 37.5 I noticed the first 2 weeks not much of an appetite but I didn 't feel the energy that I expected from reading others results. Never got the&quot;have to scrub the floor or hit the gym for an hour&quot;burst. The last week of the month the appetite came back. I took a break for a week and a half and am trying again. Dry mouth several times and a headache the first few days in the beginning but no other side effects. Just had hoped for more but it 's not an overnight or one month magic pill. Gives me about the energy of a strong cup of coffee but it is more a steady energy to get thru the day instead of a crash :)
It works fairly well and  better than OTC or even prescription Naproxen. Not as well as Diclofenac in my experience.
I have had 2 cases of vertigo and both times ended up in the ER. I was given Meclizine and it takes about an hour to work, meanwhile, I am unable to stand up and vomiting at the same time. I had one case of vertigo at work at 2 am and had to be dropped off at ER. Meclizine does work, but it 's too slow to take effect. I can 't lose many more nights at work or I 'll be fired. I need something that works faster.
It 's alright, nothing special
Today is my third day using the miconazole 7. My first day was horrible burning and itching oh my. My second day it burned but was better within 15 minutes mild itching. My third day OMG it burned like crap for 15 minutes now no itching really and no burning. The cottage cheese looking discharge is gone so yes its working. Hang in there ladies it works but we have to go through the burning to get well. And a tip for u all take a hot bath with white vinegar it helps with the itching and irritation
I had this put in Feb 2014 and had it removed yesterday 10/2015. I 've gained 38 lbs and no matter how healthy I 'm eating or how much I 'm excercising I cannot lose any weight. My depression has gotten worse and I can 't even stand the thought of having sex. I 'm always tired, unmotivated, and having trouble focusing. It 's great that once it 's in you don 't have to worry about it but I 'm 27 &amp; single so the weight gain, fatigue, etc just isn 't working for me.
Definitely didn 't find enough pain relief until I was prescribed with powerful pain meds - side effects tired all the time, itchy all the time, very annoying!!
I had six upper teeth that were erupted pulled yesterday. The night before I had major swelling in my face from my upper lip to my lower eye. My wife was afraid of the swelling but there was little we could do due to the fact that it was late at night and I had a dental appointment the next morning at 9.00 am. I went in and had the teeth yanked out, anyway I started with clindamycin that afternoon and I have had four doses of 300mg now. I haven 't had that much problem with heartburn (which I always get but I had taken Zantac last night). I do get a burpy after taste but it 's manageable. I will update as to any further developments. But my swelling has greatly been reduced.
15 year old daughter used Minocycline for 2 months and it was super at clearing her whiteheads-face, back, neck. Then we took a break, acne came back. MD gave us brand name version (1 pill/day verses 2per/day with generic, and much more expensive) and it didn 't work at all after 2 months.  Tried generic minocycline again after waiting a few months, and unfortunately we saw no results second time around.  Trying birth control pills now.
I 'm currently on 10 mg to help with OCD and some depression. I mainly wanted to say to everyone who has gained weight -- my doctor told me that it 's known to make you dehydrated so you need to drink A LOT of water. You typically feel hungry when you are dehydrated and eat more, but if you just drink more water, you 're fine. To everyone with insomnia - have you tried taking it at a different time of day? I was taking it at night and couldn 't sleep. I switched to mornings and wala! I can sleep so much better! Different times needed for every person. It 's helped somewhat over the last 3 months, but definitely not a magical drug that stops my OCD. I may be taking too low a dosage. Still figuring that out.
I have had atopic Dermatitis my whole life since I was 10 months old going on 55 years living with this awful condition. I 've have been on everything from prednisone for 2 years straight to cyclosporine to methotrexate... heavy duty stuff... I now have Lupus and arthritis so going to give this a shot, but apprehensive. I put it on at 9:53, after about 3 minutes notice a little tingle nothing too uncomfortable. I mean what 's worse, the pain of the condition day in and day out vs if something actually works. Will post in a couple of days... also thinking about Dupixent next.
I starred Prozac around 21 months ago.  It really seems to help first couple if months except for the severe migraines.  So my Dr added fiorcet.  And it helped a lot.  Until around Aug of this year I have been feeling out if control , mood swings,  easily angered,  I got hateful a lot.   Suicidal thoughts are very common and I 'm a recovering alcoholic but I 've been wanting to get drunk bad.  On Monday 11-27-17, my Dr changed my Prozac from 20mg twice daily  to 40mg in morning and 20 mg at bedtime.  My urge to drink  has about doubled.  I dislike this all,  I used to be active and fit, did everything for my children and husband.  Laundry  , cooking,  clean house.  Shopping, and  Now  I 'm disabled and don 't have a life
I got the Nexplanon implanted in April of 2016. I had long periods that were pretty heavy so I needed a bc to help regulate things. I 'm bad at remembering to take pills every day at the same time so when my Dr recommended this IUD I happily accepted. After insertion I didn 't get a period until month 4 and it was about 5 days long and really light. Haven 't seen one since and I love that part but now I 'm completely done and want it removed. I have horrible cystic acne on my face, neck, back and shoulders that I 've never had and it hurts like hell. My skin has gone from smooth to bumpy and rough all over my body. I get headaches all the time and my anxiety and depression have sky rocketed due to this terrible acne and the 30 pounds I 've gained
This drug seemed to help my pain although the side effects I experienced outweighed the relief. I started with one 10 MG tablet per day for one week. On the second week I increased to 20 MG per day. At the end of the second week I noticed a difference in pain. I was having stomach aches, dizziness, constipation, loss of appetite, an in body shakiness and my voice was weak and kind hoarse.Although my pain was considerably less by the third week I felt all I could do was lay and hope the terrible feelings I was having would go away. I was unable to even make it to work at all on the third week. My lips were dry, swollen and I woke up to them cracked and bleeding.
Sominex works well; sleep all night!!
I was born with HIV  my birth mother transfer it &amp; had it all my life. Never taken medicine my immune system dropped drastically I got a thrush in my mouth and my skin started to break out really bad. I 've been on triumeq for 3 days and I must say I think I 'm only taking this medicine with food. Geez the nausea has been tough and a Lil lost of appetite I did have to use antifungals as well due to the thrush but hoping it does gets better. I 'm excited for this journey, it 's encouraging to read other stories... 
59 yearold female. I 've had hep c for 39years. Geno type 1, cleared the virus 11years ago, after taking interpheron and riboviron. Relapsed after 6months. Viral load of 2,000,000 now.Am now in my 2nd week of Harvoni, and am hopeful. So far my side effects are irritability, fatigue, and insomnia with occasional night sweats. Feels like menopause, but I  know it 's not. So it must be the harvoni.Hope side effects  will diminish.
First off I would like to say none of these medications are effective to me, they have never helped me in any considerable way. I was diagnosed schizophrenic but for the most part it was the anxiety controlling my life, never the hallucinations. Every medication on the market besides two or three cause an enormous amount of weight gain and intolerable side effects with no legal recourse if encountered. The pharmaceutical industry has hired many attorneys and lobbyists to destroy all liability in the event of a potential hazardous or death inducing side effect for the most part. In California it is impossible to sue a doctor (psychiatrist) who commits malpractice due to the cap on awards. It 's all snake oil but with actual side effects.
My first month on Yaz, and I must say I 've noticed two changes. On the plus side, period is much lighter and I 'm not suffering from the debilitating exhaustion I had for years during each period. However, I 'm getting panicky and got palpitations.
For me, the insertion pain was a 9/10. It 's similar to a mild contraction. I 've had it in for over four weeks now. In those four weeks, I 've had a constant, heavy period, cramps, migraines, bloating, moodiness, worsened acne, and overall tiredness. I 'm not saying I didn 't have acne or was never tired before, but the last four weeks have made me not want to leave the house. I have to take ibuprofen every 4 hours to relieve the cramps. Everyone 's body reacts differently, but at this point, I may get it removed. It 's really affected my day to day life.
I have been taking Flagyl and Cipro for Diverticulitis and it seems to be helping. After my stay in the hospital where the doctor put me on a food rest for several days, including IV antibiotics he prescribed these two meds. There are some issues I have had taking them such as low energy level, limited concentration when getting tired, but most of all nausea. I recommend if you are going to be taking either or both of these meds always take with plenty of food (meal time not just a snack), don 't plan on doing too much (you won 't have the energy), and ask your Doctor for a as needed prescription of a nausea medicine just in case you need it. I have needed something for nausea at least once daily since on the medicine.
I 'm 17, and this was my second bc that I was put on. My first one made me spot for weeks on end, so I was switched. I started taking this one two months ago and I HATE IT. I am a person that typically has a strong stomach, however this birth control makes me have the worst migraines and I start feeling nauseous everyday around 1pm. Because of this, I have lost 15 pounds which its fine with me, but it 's annoying to never have the desire to eat. Other than that, my periods have been on the heavier side, but no mood swings or acne flare ups. Defiantly going to be switched again!!
After using another HRT after my total hysterectomy, I went without for 5 years. The hot flashes and night sweats were really bad. So I asked my doctor for a LOWER dose and the night sweats are gone, but breast tenderness is bothersome, as is the staining of the clothes. I haven 't felt anymore energy than I had before.
I suffer from anxiety, low mood, and Cardiophobia. I started on Citalopram which affected my heart (palpitationss, racing, etc.) and so stopped taking it. Next in line was Sertraline. Although this medicine had no side-effects, neither did it help my anxiety. I am now on Mirtazapine 15mg nightly. 1st tab I felt like a zombie with bad headache but anxiety symptoms disappeared like magic. 2nd tab I started to feel the palpitations creeping slowly back and just prayed that it was due to the anxiety, although I felt much better. Took 3rd tab tonight and the palpitations are definitely back with a vengeance, I feel really groggy and clumsy. I hope the palpitations will decrease over time as this medicine is great for anxiety although no point taking them if they make heart-related anxiety worse.
I am 59 years old and female . Had  or have  type 3. Had to take Sovaldi / Ribavirin treatment for 24 weeks. It was 24 weeks of hell, I think I had every side effect listed and then some. Seriously thought at the beginning the dose was so high I thought I would die, they lowered the dosage because my red blood cell count got so low I had to give myself shots of epogen to fix my blood. But treatment stopped in sept. And in november the hep c is not detected in my blood. But I still have lasting side effects , don 't think I 'll ever be my old self again. But right now I 'm still alive. My advice to everyone is, before you try it read everything you can and talk to your doctor about side effects ! No one told me anything!!
OH MY GOSH. I 'm 17 and I had implanon since June 18 and I 've been on my period ever since. I get these crazy headaches and HOLY SHIIT I have never had acne before and now I have it and it 's bad. I have so many zits my face it hurts. It 's terrible I don 't want to go anywhere or see anyone with my face looking like a crunch bar. I 've gone through so many packs of tampons luckily I just bought this feminine cup called the diva cup where you put it in twice a day and clean it and it last for years I highly recommend it. Instead of putting tampons in which Is made from non organic cotton which is the reason why a lot of people get infections and cancer down there. LADIES KNOW WHATS INSIDE YOUR PRODUCTS. Good luck.
Surprised by the price. Taste that awful grape medicine flavor. Chug real fast. It was very difficult to drink the two glasses of water that follow in one hour.
On week 7, I felt totally hormonal, agitated, emotional, sensitive &amp; angry. My cholesterol is high, my AC1 is at 6.2Week 8, Called Dr., she bumped me up to 2 mg. will wait &amp; see how this feels. Will update in several weeks.
About an hour after taking the recommended dose for a bad cough, I had massive watery diarrhea. Cough seems to be gone though.
My daughter see and hear things that are not there.  She has been taking concerta 36mg for over a year.  But all of a sudden, she is so scared of everything.  
I have been on Bydurion, one shot a week, for 12 weeks. All seemed to be going well until the past two weeks when I have experienced sulfa burps (rotten egg smell, gas, and diarrhea. I never know when it will hit. It usually lasts two or three days, (and nights so I 'm lacking sleep) then I have a few good days before it starts all over again. I have lost some weight and my blood sugars are down, sometimes too low. But, I am wondering if these bouts of burps, gas and diarrhea are worth it.
Knocked UTI symptoms out effectively after the first 24 hours. However, the side effects were not pleasant and were very noticeable: headache, nausea, dizziness, light-headed, weakness, sweating, dry mouth, excessive thirst, tiredness. I 'm on day 3 and have asked the doc to switch me to something else so I can function better at home and work. Trying Cipro. Be sure to drink water constantly when on Bactrim DS.
I was put on Zoloft for Major Depression and General Anxiety Disorder after my baby was born about a year ago.  In general, it helped with my mood swings not being so intense, but I also found, over time, that it did not help me in stressful situations and I actually was more aggressive while taking Zoloft.  I have also gained weight on this medication and am now 30lbs over my average weight.  Some other side-effects have been dry mouth, anxiety in the mornings, more agitation, and an increase in anxiety-soothing habits (such as picking, scratching, obsessing over flaws, etc).  After taking Zoloft for a year, I 've found that it 's not really helping with my depression or especially my anxiety anymore. 
I have IBSC and I read about Linzess and asked my Dr. If it would benefit me.  Started on 145 and it worked great for a while.  Then hit and miss with a lot of gas, belly pain, bloating and either diarrhea or not going at all.  Tried on and off then the 74 became available. It is better but still has lots of side effects and I can definitely not take daily.  I take 30 minutes before breakfast and it produces bowel movement within an hour.  I have at least 3 trips to bathroom with very soft BM 's. Hope something more effective comes along without all the side effects.
I 'm on klonopin 1mg 3x a day. Still can 't sleep. I was put on Klonopin for anxiety years ago. My doctor added one pill at dinner to help sleep. Thus 1mg 3x a day. Still mind wonders and cannot sleep. I was put on Seroquel for insomnia. Worked well. Lost my insurance and job. Now back to being up all day and night. Seroquel without insurance is $15.50 a pill. Sleepless in Ohio.
This is the second time for gout, first time, the knee a few years ago, tried ice and heat packs with no relief, finally so painful had to leave work. Can 't remember what medication but it worked. This time top of foot, hurt most when I laced up sport shoes. Finally went to Dr and diagnosed as gout or stress fracture, x-ray negative. Took these 3 times a day for 10 days at 25 mg a dose. Swelling went down quickly but pain took a few more days. The day after I stopped them I had acute pain behind my knee, one of my varicose veins was swollen up and there was a decent sized lump. I panicked thinking DVT, ultrasound showed no clot so much. Googled  and found Cardiovascular: superficial Thrombophlebitis: Causal relationship unknown, so beware.
I 'm super medication sensitive so I started out at 5mg for panic disorder. My doctor said there 's no way 5mg is going to help, but after 4 weeks it was like a switch was flicked. I went back to my old self for 3 whole days. I had to come off of it due to uncontrollable neck jerking and head twitching. It 's the strangest thing I 've ever experienced. It 's been over a month since I quit and I 'm still doing it alot. Not as much, but seriously way too much. I hope this isn 't permanent. Now I have panic disorder and neck jerking. Lovely.
I have have had mild/persistent acne for about 6 years now (I 'm 22) and have tried several treatments. The most effective was doryx which I was on for nearly 6 months, it cleared my skin up completely. However, that clear skin only lasted  few months, and by the end of the treatment my acne was flaring up again. That is when my dermatologist prescribed me accutane. I was assured there would be no new flare ups because my acne was mild. However, I am on day 12 now and I can say my skin was clearer when I started accutane than it is now. On top of that I am experiencing very dry skin and chapped/cracked lips. I am going to stick the full treatment out, but just a warning that more likely than not you will break out before it gets better.
Third day lost 5 lbs so happy.  BUT crazy mental stuff..  Was falling asleep and started waking up and just got weirded out.  Panic attack.....any suggestions anyone.
I have been on NuvaRing for almost a year. At first I loved it because of the lack of pills/having to remember everyday. My boyfriend said he could feel it, but it wasn 't a big deal. A few months go by, and he notices a slight cut on his penis. He said it hurt, but only a little. We kept having sex but much less often. Now it 's progressed to the point where it hurts all the time especially when he gets hard. I am switching to an IUD ASAP. I would highly recommend NuvaRing if you do not have a monogamous parter, because I had absolutely no other side effects. However, if you 're in a committed relationship, please save your parter this pain!!!
I suffer from Irritable Bowel Syndrome-Constipation and am no stranger to laxatives. Dulcolax is the most powerful one I have ever tried. In fact, for me, it 's TOO powerful. It wrings me out for days and causes everything to go through me so quickly that I end up feeling weak from lack of sustenance. I end up being basically chained to the bathroom until it has completely worn off. The package directions say you can take 1, 2, or 3 pills at a time generally at bedtime... do yourself a favor and try 1 pill first. And definitely do not, I repeat, DO NOT take Dulcolax and a sleeping pill at the same time.
I stopped taking this medicine briefly, for around 5 days, due to the &quot;speed effect&quot; and had to go right back on it, due to brain zaps!!  I was (and still am) only taking 75 mg daily (once in the am).  I take 1 mg of Xanax daily, but if I take it AFTER the Effexor, it won 't work. I decided to switch it around and take it BEFORE the antidepressant and it works a LITTLE better, but not much.  I used to take it early in the afternoon and was up all night.  Now as long as I take it before 1 pm, I sleep fine.  I 've been taking it since January of 2014 and have noticed me being much calmer, still anxious at times, but much better before prescribed to me!  It DOES cause, weight loss, drowsiness and fatigue if I take it while lying down.
I have been taking arimidex for 2 months. Within the first two weeks my osteoarthritis has deteriorated from tolerable to barely able to walk. I can not stand for long periods. My knees get stiff each time I sit. I have received a series if Ortho visc injections and am hoping for a miracle. I must keep working for insurance coverage. I have vision changes, chest and muscle pain,also. I have added fosamax due to the risk of calcium loss since I was diagnosed with osteopenia at the same time as stage 1 breast cancer. I am expertiencing more fatigue with arimidex than after radiation. I am not sure if I can tough this out for five years!
It was ok. I guess everyone 's body reacts differently but for me I bled a lot on this medication. The first 2 months I would bleed for 2 solid weeks. My doc told me to stick it out for three months. Month 3 and 4 it cleared up, my period began like normal during sugar pills. Then month 5 and 6, the bleeding started happening again, even though I took my pills very regularly. I went off because I was sick of the bleeding, I never had this issue before. It affected my moods too. On the pill I had constant gloomy, negative thoughts. It caused me to tire quickly and I didn 't want to interact with people. Off the pill I am WAY more positive and energetic. Now I feel like my old, normal self I 'm never going back to this pill.
Well, just took my last dose of this drug, Good Riddance!!! While it was effective in getting rid of the infection, it brought with it some very awful side effects. A strange metallic taste, fatigue, loose stools, pelvic cramping, abdominal pain on both sides, stomach discomfort, mood swings. I had to send my kids to a relatives house to finish this med because I have been feeling awful. No one told me to eat probiotics religiously, I do eat yogurt during any antibiotic treatment, but this specific drug requires a little more than a cup of yogurt a day, Day 2 I started taking Florastor, plus eating plain yogurt a lot, I hope I don 't get the diarrhea that others have after stopping it. If you must take this,drink water and take probotics
Within hours of taking the generic Cipro and AZO I felt much better. I was only having pain and urgency the morning before I went to doc. I 'm on day 3 and the past two days I 've been lethargic, groggy and bloated. First night had some anxiety but I think that 's from reading the side effects before going to sleep (eeek). I have had some mood swings as well. Hopefully I only need to take it for 5 days instead of 7- waiting for my lab result of how severe the infection was- I hate taking antibiotics.
I 'm SUPER sensitive to medications. On 500mg for 5 days, had a sinus infection for about 6 weeks now. So far, I can 't sleep really at all, but looks like you can take a Benadryl or something with it that may help you sleep.  Will discuss with doctor. Hesitant about taking this because of all the comments here and the (black box warning) about the medication that everyone should read about Levofloxacin (google it). I 'm feeling really scattered and can 't focus mentally, insomnia and dizziness if I get up too quickly are the biggest issues.  I am not taking any of my usual vitamins and no gym, but so far ok. Will update if any changes.*Update, I ended up having to cut the pills in half per doc ok. I felt so awful.
I have had cholinergic urticaria for a few years now. I break out into hives when I start exerting myself physically or it 's hot. After taking Zyrtec 1/2 an hour before my workout, I didn 't experience that irritating itchy feeling all over nor did I get hives. My skin got red but no bumps. I don 't care as long as I don 't get the irritation which works to create an aversion to exercise. I took a 5 mg dosage. After my workout, I went to sleep at 7 p.m., woke up for an hour and then went to bed at 9 p.m. only to sleep the whole following day. I was unusually fatigued and sleepy. I 'm going to try 2.5 mg today to see if that helps.
Have issues with chronic constipation and when I get really constipated I start to feel very fatigued and nauseous. Was looking for a quick fix this time around and took 2 tabs Dulcolax at 9 am, I slept most of the day, I don 't know if this was from the constipation or the remedy, but started having horrendous bowel cramping at about 7:30 pm. The first few times I went to the bathroom I was only able to pass a few small hard lumps with A LOT of pain, straining, burning/cramping bowel pain so bad I thought I was either going to vomit or pass out.  Finally about the 4th time the cramps struck, I had a large bowel motion followed by diarrhea. That 's where I am right now and I 'm hoping this &quot;experience&quot; will be wrapping up soon!
Started about 1 week ago. Was fine then all of sudden I started feeling really tired, restless. Nothing unusual. Now I have no appetite. Spaced out majority of the day. My mood swings are through the roof. And tonight I had a nightmare. Calling my doctor to see what to do.
I have been taking the medicine for 10 days. I 'm now up to 2 pills a day one in am and 1 pm.  I don 't see much difference yet.  The only good thing is that I 'm not drinking cocktails so it saves calories. I hope the next 2 weeks get better with full dose
I found Savella helpful for my fibromyalgia.  I was on 50 mg x day.  I was probably on it two years when I began to get high blood pressure, palpitations, drenching sweats and a general feeling of unrest.  I stopped taking it and all side effects began to leave.  I could not tolerate taking it anymore.  I did not think it was really doing much until I stopped taking it and as it left my system I began feeling flare ups of fibromyalgia symptoms.  I find I am sensitive to Neurontin, Lyrica, prednisone, many medications.
I was put on the 10mg...it kind of helped with the pain but I feel dragged down from it and people keep telling me and asking me if I was tired or sick. I 'm young, well 34 and I have 2 children 7 and 17 and I 'm not wanting to do 2 much these days because of it. 
So far so good, I guess. I 'm towards the end of my second pack.  But nOW I have severe cramps for my whole period, which lasts for 10 days.  My skin isn 't any better.  I get bloated and tender breasts now.  Where I didn 't before BUT I 'm not pregnant. I 'm hoping it gets more pleasant.  
I will be starting belviq Sunday due to some of the comments saying make sure to start and stop when nothing is going on! (I have a big event Saturday)  but I am posting because of the price. I went online printed the coupon filled out all the info etc before using the coupon it was $88 out of pocket even with my insurance paying their part. With the coupon at CVS and Cigna HMO I paid $0 for mine. So just FYI on the price! Looking forward to this. Phentermine worked the 1st year I took it and now it does nothing but spike my BP so I 'm hopeful this will help as I change my diet and exercise
This is only my second day on the medicine. The swelling and pain has gone down dramatically however the side effects are bad. Horrible cramping, abdominal pain and of course, wretched diarrhea. Like I said, I 'm only on my second day, let 's just hope this doesn 't last much longer.
Too many side effects only 2nd week but no energy major pain in lower stomach pains is it worth it! Not sure
For effectiveness I would give 10, but it caused some serious side effects - massive weight gain, very high blood sugar and raised triglycerides.
For the first week I was in excruciating pain: nausea, severe abdominal pain, diarrhea, sweating, insomnia, confusion, extreme exhaustion and fatigue, battery acid taste in my mouth, etc. I reached out to my doctor and pharmacist who offered absolutely no help. Through research I found that taking probiotics/yogurt helps with EVERYTHING, stay as hydradated as you can. I ate a lot of Ramen noodles to compensate for actual food/water since my appetite was non-existant. I didn 't think I was going to be able to finish the treatment. If I test positive again, I 'm going with natural remedies.
I have tried otezla twice the first time it cause horrible stomach pain and I had to discontinue it after three weeks. It worked miracles for my skin though almost all clear. I went to GI to get something to counteract the otezla. Went back on it and after two months on it I started having really bad panic attacks. I am not a panic person and have never had anxiety it got so bad I had to stop the pills. However be warned you can not just stop the pills you have to slowly decrease the dose the same way you have to increase in the beginning. I was not told this and ended up in the ER.
I 've been on Generess Fe for 5 weeks now. I started the first day of my period and practiced safe sex the first month.  I was on Loestrin before which made me feel crazy. And Nuvaring, which made sex uncomfortable. Generess is not so bad, I did get nauseous in the beginning, and when I had to double up when I missed a pill. I do feel anxious but I also have been recovering from generalized anxiety disorder, so it 's a normal feeling for me. I did however have a strong depressed feelings for a few hours but again I thought it was my period. I feel my moods go up and down faster but they aren 't as bad as the other pills I was on. I do feel more calm on this pill. I do feel breast tenderness but that 's it.
Abilify worked wonders for my chronic depression BUT I was sleeping heaps and gained 35 kilos in two years. No, I wasn 't eating much!  started only eating one meal a day when the weight started. It was not about food. Prior to abilify I went to gym four x week. Gained weight despite what I ate n how much I exercised. I ended up quitting the gym and now my heads straight but I am obese and suffer poor self esteem. Eh big price for my sanity since I detest being fat. The pill itself does work though and treats it
It 's impossible to stay on this med long term unless you want man boobs. My nipples have pain in them and I had sexual side effects. I also had akathisia on this med and needed to pace back and forth. It 's not worth the weight gain.
I rated a 5 because sometimes it helped and sometimes it did not. When I first began to take Lexapro, I was very tired, and I was like a zombie. There was a small range of emotion for me. It did help with my depression and my anxiety, but I was still depressed. At one point in time when I was taking medication, I had a depressive episode where I began to have hallucinations. I don 't think Lexapro was the cause, but I don 't think it helped very much either. All in all it was more or less helpful with my Major Depressive Disorder and anxiety.
I have been taking 25 mg for 3 months due to the effects of PCOS.  I have been suffering an initial shed that seems to be slowing down but at this point my hair looks quite a bit worse than before. Hopefully this will just take my body some time to get used to and it will help eventually.  I have continued taking it because it has cleared up my cystic acne 100%. For acne I would give this a 10/10 but for hair I 'm not sure...
After trying a few medications my psychiatrist put me on Paxil. I felt like it DID help with my anxiety and depression but that came with a price -- drowsiness, huge loss of libido, and horrible withdrawal symptoms. I was always lethargic and never wanted to go out and do anything, but I felt less anxiety and depression. I would literally go 7  days without sex (with my partner of 3 years) because I just didn 't feel like it and I could definitely feel the negative toll it was taking on our relationship but luckily he stuck with me. After getting fed up with the intense side effects, I quit cold turkey -- huuuuge mistake. I felt like I had the flu and the brain zaps were never ending.
I requested Ortho tri cyclen but my pharmacy gave me this since my insurance did not cover ortho tri cyclen. Anyway I went ahead and took this. It works as a contraceptive perfectly but this caused me horrible acne like I 've never experienced in my life. Seriously, at first it was small bumps on my cheek but within an week they bursted into very irritated, red, sore, itchy pimples. I had only ever had like 2 pimples at a time on my face but this medication made me have more than 20 on one cheek and more than 30 on the other.. This pill obviously didn 't work out for me. It may help for others in regards to acne but my experience was so bad I finished my 3rd months pack and stopped taking it.
I didn 't even know I had trich, I went to a birth control dr. Appointment and they asked if I wanted to do an std test and I said sure, they came back and said there was a very faint line but they wanna be sure so they considered it positive, they told me I was gonna take 4 500mg pills and I immediately thought my boyfriend had cheated but they said it lingers for a long time, after I took the pill I got a headache and then later that day I started getting sick, and then the next day I 've been feeling nauseous all day, I had no symptoms of trich or anything so I can 't say if it works or not, all I can say is it tastes nasty
I found this to work fairly well, but wake up with a headache next morn. I know its the Tiz. because I never get headaches and it happens every time I take one.
Further to my post in April.  I am now on 750mg/day of primidone. No side effects other than my mouth is numb and ejeculation is difficult. The tremor has reduced a bit, but it still have to write with my left instead of right. Seeing the consultant in August, but fear that he may recommend DBS again.
I switched to this primarily due to the appeal of having only 4 periods a year and stayed on it for 3 years. Generally it was uneventful: I didn 't gain weight, it had no effect (positive or negative) on my acne, my breasts stayed the same size. However, it destroyed my libido. It was so gone I thought I was asexual. It wasn 't until I couldn 't get my script refilled  (I couldn 't get an appointment that mixed in with my work schedule), so I had to get off the pill, which then led me to find out that I am not asexual and, in fact, had a libido. Another down point was the spotting I got in between periods and the effects of the period seem to have been compounded (i.e. compared to pills for monthly periods). I was sore, tired, and irritable.
I got my first implanon inserted in September 2010, my period didn 't come for about two years and then I notice when I would get stressed it would start. After this any change in my hormonal system and I took my period. I got it removed and another one inserted in August 2013, this time I noticed my periods got more regular and lasted longer. In July 2014 I had my period for 4.5 weeks. This was a really awful. My bar never moved from where it was inserted I knew it was there and couldn 't really hold anything under that arm. The first 3 years I went up and down in weight like a yoyo. My body has changed as I 've grown up but I have put on 2 stone/28pounds/13kg. Extremely hard to loose weight! Got it removed today! :)
I like the medication, it does what it is supposed to do and is quick.  However, it does not last 24 hours.  I can only get 10 - 12 hours maximum.  three others in my household are using it and they get the same results.  So in the evening when the allergies come back full blown you have already taken the prescribed meds for 24 hours ... what do you do?
This helps but after you take it and poop, etc.  You may loose control of your bowels if you laugh or anything like that it will make you poop without wanting to.
I 'm only on my 7th day taking Zoloft(25mg) and I do feel less anxious at times but the first day I took it I ended up having a panic attack that led to an ER trip because I thought it was a heart attack. 2nd day I had a icy/hot feeling and still do, 3rd day had bouts of diarrhea. Anyways don 't let these put you off as medicine works different for everyone. My grandma takes it for depression and had no side effects, NOT FAIR! But to me it seems like I 'm getting all the side effects haha. Zaps here lately really annoying almost leads to a panic attack but I let myself know its just the Zoloft/Anxiety. Also seems to be moving my legs more while sitting and grinding my teeth which I never done before.
BLACK stool, orange residue in mouth (even after brushing), gave me funky breathe after chewing.I found chewing gum would aleviate the residue and breathe.
I have been on this medicine for three months. At the two-month point I was almost completely cleared. I am now back to being covered at 85% of my body.
I 've been taking Restoril a little over a year now. At first they work wonders but when your body gets used to it it does not work anymore. Next time I see my Dr I 'm going to ask for something else.
I 've been on Rocalcitrol for about 3 years for secondary hypoparathyroidism. After initial tetany, I take 0.24 mcg every other day and about 2000 mg calcium daily. Just found out that I 'm not to take calcitrol with magnesium. I take multivitamins around lunch time (calcitriol in the morning).  I 'm also taking levothyroxine daily, first thing in the morning.  My serum calcium is low (7.8-8.3), Vit D is normal. I do, have bony pains and aches, remain very active.
I 've been on many medicines since I found out I had endometriosis back in 2010. I 've went through six surgeries and nearly every medication out there, including IDUS, Nuva Rings, Implanon, birth control pills, shots, etc. I 've been on Aviane now for seven weeks; I have bleed my first three weeks into it, had two weeks of spotting, and now back to bleeding again. I have much faith that the doctor insures me that this medicine takes time to kick in. Over the last three weeks I have gotten headaches, sick to my stomach, bleeding, odd rashes on legs/leg pain. These are very minor side effects compared to some other things I 've tried. Holding out hope that this works. My opinion is everyone should give it a try. Side effects are minor compared to most.
Had depo for 2 years. Found it was great within those two years,  then decided to give body a break and got last injection in September 2015 and only start getting period back. But anyway the end of February I got thrush for 9 days. Then got my first period 9th March for 2 weeks and straight after that I got thrush AGAIN immediately after them finishing up until yesterday (30th April) and woke up with period yet again this morning. And god knows for how long
Would have been good for just depression, but I am suffering from anxiety too, and that seemed to get worse.  So overall, didn 't help.  Might be good for just depression though.
I was prescribe this medication for anxiety, and it worked. I had panic attacks on the nyc subway before taking the medication but when I was on it really helped me to gain a normal life. I was on it for about 8 months then my doctor decided to take me off it cause my life became organized. That was the worst experience ever, coming off paxil was the hardest thing ever, and I recommend when you come off it to taper down very slowly because it just was absolutely hell. This drug does help but it 's addictive and hard to come off. Also I gained about 30 pounds on it. I 'd recommend the medication if you are having panic attacks, but for general anxiety disorders I would ask to try something else before paxil.
150 Mg controls my anxiety but leave me very tired. Within 2 hours of taking it at night I feel drugged and have to go to bed. I sleep all night without waking but sleep at least 10 hours a night. I 'm looking for an alternative without the side effect.
I have been on Januvia for 3 weeks and my blood readings have been in the 170s or higher.  When I was on Actos my levels were 120 and below.  What am I doing wrong?  I have not lost any weight from my &quot;Actos days&quot; but I haven 't gained any weight either. 
I got the Implanon a month ago and have felt kind of weird. I 've been on my period for two weeks pretty heavily. I know I need time to adjust to it but I don 't like how crazy my mood swings have been! I do have a sense of relief knowing I won 't get pregnant and maybe in the end this will all work out.
My boyfriend is taking this for alcohol withdrawal. It works wonders for the withdrawal symptoms, but makes him a zombie.  He is confused, unsteady on his feet and dizzy.  He 's been alcohol free for 3 days now and after tomorrow, I am going to take the pills away.  Just my opinion.
I have tried Enbrel for 9 months and it worked great for both my psoriasis and the arthritis. BUT last July I stopped using it because I wanted to get my wife pregnant. And to be sure there was no side effect by using it. And since I stopped using it, the psoriasis and arthritis have come back massively and seems worse then ever. This is a really bad side effect. Also I have got some very weird infections/viruses, etc. that healthy people normally don 't get. I have had Zoster Shingles, and Pavovirus. These are immune related illnesses and they must have come because of the lowered immune system. 
well I have been on this for probably a year an a half an was on a different one for 2 an ahalf years due to really bad mood swings an got switched to this about a year ago my doc asked about my weight gain an i told her it was from not being active as i was in high school with drill team now im thinking its not that. now im thinkin its my pills that are making me gain. i have changed my diet an so far nothing i used to be like 30 pounds lighter an now i have no idea what to do. probably will contact my doc soon cause im tired of the weight
I was aware of the side affects, however, when you have 15 years of constant pain you will try anything! I have recently started Botox for my migraines my Neurosurgeon had said last year that he was going to take me off the medicine. By reading the reviews, I know brain zaps and other conditions would be a struggle. I was only taking 150mg in the morning of Effexor. I just started taking 1 in the morning and I 've done fine since. One day I did forget to take the 1 dose and by 8pm I was feeling brain zaps. So I looked up other reviews and they stated to take a xanax in place. I 'm going to alternate 75mg one day and xanax the other. Eventually the side affects will go away. Be careful getting off this medicine! It works, but is hell lol
I was on viibryd for just about a year the first 8 months were wonderful with issues of exhaustion here and there. Then the last few months I was on it my anxiety became so unmanageable after stopping viibryd I had little withdrawals thank the good lord because I have missed a dose of viibryd before and the nightmares are god awful. I 'm really hoping to find a happy medium with medication its been an on going battle of finding something that works for almost 5 years now.
I started Gianvi because my Yaz switched to the generic. I did notice a larger growth in my breasts (nice) with an overall weight gain in 3 months of about 6 lbs (not so nice). I had nausea in the morning- I have never had that before and now dread what morning sickness must feel like. I also broke out like a teenager with cyst type acne along my jawline, which after 3 months is just about clearing up with leftover spot marks. I did notice that I got yeast infections and an increase pH level within days after I had sex (which I never had on Yaz or Yasmin). I did not notice any bad mood. 
I was on Depo-Provera shot for 5 years straight. I came off it for a couple of months but I went back on it again. It was of great convenience because I did not have to worry about taking an oral contraception and to just remember to get the jab every 3 months. That 's what lured me into getting it in the first place. I will admit that it was an excellent form of contraception as it stops you ovulating. My periods stopped completely. I didn 't get spotting or anything maybe I was a lucky few but there was some side effects that my body and mind did not like. I gained a lot of weight, three stones and I had really bad mood swings when I was on it and they just were not getting any better so I decided to come off it December 2009.
I take very little for anxiety , and it really helps me sleep at night, almost too much, but the next day I feel lethargic , tired, and rather depressed, I wish it didn 't because otherwise it works.
Help&rsquo;s some but, not much.
Was on this med for 5 years. Worked fine but not great. Stopped the panic attacks and gave me relief of every day nervousness that I was experiencing. Took months for the side effects to diminish when I first started taking it. What did not leave - insomnia, night sweats, lack of sex drive and poor orgasms (or no orgasms at all).
I have been on temazepam for years due to chronic insomnia and it does not give me a good night 's sleep.  I 've tried Ambien, Benadryl, and melatonin, which don 't work at all.  I am getting frustrated with the temazepam because I don 't sleep a full night and wake up after sleeping 2 hours, then doze off for another 1 1/2 or 2 hours at a time before I finally just get up.  The doctor upped my temazepam dose to 30 mg a night, but it did nothing different, so I am just taking 15 mg.  She is not very interested in looking at other options, but I am going to discuss these other medications with her.  I am SO tired!  I also am going to take a &quot;sleep&quot; class, which should be interesting.
I took Pentasa for ulcerative colitis after Asacol started failing.  Asacol had worked for me for seven years, but when P&amp;G started having manufacturers making it in Europe, it no longer worked.  The Pentasa worked for my ulcerative colitis at 3 grams per day dosage.  The side effects are much worse for Pentasa.  I experienced nausea, mild headaches and severe hair loss.  
I have had Kyleena for about 4 weeks now. When it was inserted, it did hurt more than I expected, but I powered through the pain. I had taken Advil an hour prior, it didn&rsquo;t really seem to help lol. The rest of the day, I laid in bed with cramping and bleeding. I have been on my period since that day, but it had been light with no cramps up until a week ago, where my period got heavier and I started having severe cramps. I am not sure what is going on, and pain meds seem not to be doing a whole lot for me. I&rsquo;m eating a lot and I am constantly bloated. I am optimistic about these negative things going away, but if they don&rsquo;t I will have it removed.
Dizziness and insomnia for the first few days of titration pack.  Then more side effects as I jumped to 50mg.  No sleep.  But no pain either.  Haven 't felt this normal in years.
I 've been on many SSRI 's years earlier and didn 't want the weight gain again so I got on Cymbalta. I was very dizzy, sick to my stomach and really really tired. I spent almost 3 weeks in bed. I suffer from low cortisol which causes fatigue and after reading about Cymbalta it lowers your cortisol levels by 40%, so I 'm back on Paxil which raises your Cortisol levels.
I started this pill and all seemed fine.  I had some symptoms while my body was &quot;adjusting&quot; to the hormones: breakthrough bleeding, a little weight gain, feeling blue.  But I guess my body never fully adjusted because 6 months later, this pill is giving me headaches, I have breakthrough bleeding in the middle of the month every month, I feel slightly nauseous all throughout the day, and I still cramp and get acne.  I didn 't get pregnant though, and my periods were super light and short, but this pill just doesn 't work with my body, I think.
First time trying the shot. I got the shot in September and everything was fine. I have never had regular periods (as far as coming when they should). So I thought I would never have a period again. November 13th comes around and I 'm spotting. On the 15th my period comes. I have been spotting different colors also. Not to mention the stomach and back pains. This whole process has been going on for 5 weeks. I know the pill gives you regular monthly periods which is something I 'd rather deal with. Can 't wait to switch back to the pill. No 2nd shot for me!!
Whenever I have a panic attack I have taken the 5mg dose and it seems to relieve the overwhelming feeling and I ca relax enough to re-group.
I have been taking Janumet for about one year now.  I recently spent some time at the beach and noticed that every time I went to the beach I would experience a rash and itching on my face, chest, arms and back.  The rash would last for about 24 hours.  Otherwise, the Janumet has done a great job in controlling my blood sugars, much better now than with just the metformin alone.
I was on the lowest dose of Effexor XR and loved how I felt -- it just took the edge off of everything and made me less irritable and more easygoing.  What I didn 't like is the 40lb weight gain and increased blood pressure that came with it.  My blood pressure went back to normal when I quit taking it, but getting the weight off is a real struggle.  I 'm doing Weight Watchers AND working with a trainer twice a week (plus doing cardio on other days) and the weight is coming off slowly.  Before Effexor, I could easily drop 10lbs doing Weight Watchers only.  So, yeah, I think it killed my metabolism.  Although I really liked how I felt and functioned, I wouldn 't have taken it if I 'd known about the [seemingly permanent] weight gain.
I 've been on Zoloft (generic) for about three months.  I noticed an immediate difference in the way I felt. I began taking it for mild anxiety/depression.  I am now starting to feel more depressed and empty again, like my body is becoming immune to it.  I don 't want to switch because I don 't want to go through another medication.  Zoloft though in general has helped incredibly within the last three months -- my boyfriend and I don 't fight, I don 't get snappy on people, and I feel so much better about going out and doing things. I am more productive now than I ever was. I just don 't want my body to become used to it because I love the way it felt to feel okay.
Loestrin 24 was recommended to me by my doctor. I took it for 7 months. I had no physical side effects, just a bit moody in the first week. My problem is with the program itself. I don 't have a great insurance, but since they boast of a discount card, I did that for a while. I only paid 24 dollars until January when they changed their discount program and didn 't inform me. Now, it 's only 24 dollars off the original price (which is somewhere around 90 dollars) - or whatever your insurance will provide. This was upsetting since I was faced with being at the pharmacy counter and having to make the decision to refuse my refill because I didn 't know about the policy change and couldn 't afford it at the time.
Basic onset of flu...coughing,  chills, fever and body aches.  Doctor gave me tamiflu to help expedite flu because a family member was scheduled go surgery and didn 't want him to get sick.  Well, three days in, I feel better but can 't smell or taste. Freaking me out. ..Hope it 's temporary.  May discontinue balance of script.
I started taking this 2 years ago. I chose it because how easy it is to use and you don 't have to remember to take it every day. Big plus. On the downside I did gain some weight. I also have experienced mood swings and last summer I had sun spots on my face (NEVER had those before!). I 'm going to stop using it soon because I 'm tired of the mood swings!
I am 50  Initially I tried it to fight depression and low energy. Hoped it would help me trim off 10 lbs without the need for a diet. At first it helped, but after a few months I started gaining weight and developed muscle fatigue. I literally weakened by about 20% These injections began having a negative effect on me for everything I hoped they would help. I am not taking another one.
Had a few paranoid weird thoughts while weaning off slowly from 5mg to 2.5mg zyprexa. So my doc has given me some time off work and bumped up my dose to 10mg. It hasn 't been long enough for me to notice a change in my thoughts just a bit less anxious.
This may be the most effective drug for OCD (or a close second to clomipramine [ANAFRANIL]). It is inexpensive, and for me worked within a week to calm down intrusive thoughts and lifted my overall mood. I have been on and off this medication 3-4 times, and it worked each time to save me from crippling depression. That said, like all SSRIs, this medication caused sexual dysfunction (difficulty having an orgasm, delayed ejaculation, erectile dysfunction), which was a deal breaker for me, even with OCD. I will say, however, that IN MY EXPERIENCE, the sexual dysfunction caused by fluvoxamine was not as bad as the dysfunction caused by paroxetine [PAXIL], sertraline [ZOLOFT], or Anafranil.
Been back on 45 mg mirtazapine for 7 weeks after coming off them gradually a month before that as was feeling great. I now feel worse than ever!! Severely depressed feeling like I could go to not functioning at any given point. Am single mum so that 's not an option but I need help in knowing whether I 've given it long enough as feel like I 'm getting worse not better!! Also on propranolol and diazepam for the anxiety but convinced they 're making depression worse!!!
This medication definitely has its pros and cons. And being a prescribed patient to adderall/vyvance on and off for over 10 years, my strongest advice would be to take it AS NEEDED.  After about 6 months I noticed horrible effects from this medication. Insecurity, anti social, over analyzing EVERYTHING. I found that I was worse than I was on my own without the medication. I got weird and felt almost an out of body experience, but before the 6 month period I felt great.
When I was first prescribed it, it was pretty nice. It stabilized my mood and turned off the &quot;static&quot; in my head, and could think way clearer. My family commented on how much I was more like myself again. However, over time, I think it lost its effectiveness and eventually suffered a bout of akathesia. I switched to Geodon, which I find better than Latuda.
I 'm about to finish my first pack and I have mixed reviews. During the first 2 weeks I was craving sugar like crazy.  About the third week that calmed down though.  I started taking Safyral because I was having break through bleeding with LoEstrin and already Safryal has regulated my period to just the week of my placebo pills.  My period started late, but that 's not a big deal considering this is my first month on this birth control.  The most annoying side effect is the bloating.  I don 't think I 've ever felt this bloated ever and I NEVER get cramps on my period, but I 'm having cramps with this pill.  I 'm sure these symptoms will calm down as my body gets used to it, if not, I 'm switching to something different.
I took it for 1 week with no side effects, then on day 7 I woke up with a rash that started with one pimple and developed into many more on my arms and legs. Also, day 6 started with swollen lymph nodes behind my ears.I only have one more pill to take, but not sure if I should finish it!I also was taking Notrel 777, but doctor said it shouldn 't be a problem.
Slightly more effective than tylenol, best when taken with tylenol, but even then not enough for my pain. I took for about 2 years, 250mg a day along with flexiril. When I went off it I felt a little depressed for 2-3 days, that 's it. No addiction issues. I now I need something stronger, but what a laugh. The FDA and DEA are more interested in getting billions to help addicts than they are helping the 100 million chronic pain suffers in the USA.
I 'm taking a sample my GI doctor gave me. He gave me one sample. I started with the 145 mcg.It works very quickly. Don 't take it if you have any plans for the next several hours. This may be just me, but once things get started, they don 't like to stop until every drop of moisture has been wrung from my guts. I 'm planning on asking for a prescription for Bentyl or Motofen to get my guts to calm down when it 's clear it 's no longer necessary.
After second dose of Avelox, I broke out in hives.  This is unfortunate, because I felt a world of difference (better) within 6 hours of taking the initial dose.  Now that I 've got hives, I am back to another antibiotic and I don 't know if it will work as well.
I have had my Skyla in for only about 3  weeks now. I was not on my period when I got it inserted, and I did not take any pain killers or anything before hand. The pain during the procedure was  painful, but tolerable (I have a moderate pain tolerance.) It only lasted 2 minutes tops and I just had severe cramping during those couple minutes which caused me to get very hot. I have had cramping since I 've gotten it, along with on and off spotting. I 've noticed that Midol works the best for the cramps. Although I have not had it in very long, I am so far not minding it. I had heard good things about it from friends so I am giving it a go.
Use methadone to help stop using fentanyl patch and for pain. Transition went well. Doesn 't stop pain, but makes life livable at least!
I had Skyla inserted almost 4 months ago. The insertion was painful, but not like most people make it seem. I was fine afterwards. I even decided to go to the gym. I fell bloated all the time since the insertion. I am gaining weight (even while eating healthier and working out more). My belly looks like I am 3 months pregnant. I have lost my desire to have sex and my self esteem is really low. I was diagnosed with vaginal bacteria when I went to my 3 months follow up about a week ago and was told to wait it out for another 3 months to have the body adjust to it. I am waiting a couple of weeks and if I do not see any difference, it is coming off. Other than that, I am not pregnant so it is reliable.
It worked very well in making me stay asleep but it gave me such a stuffy nose I had trouble falling asleep but when I finally did fall asleep it was great. Needless to say I couldn 't handle the stuffy nose so I stopped taking them.
I began taking Lo Loestrin Fe in December 2011. I am 5 '3&quot; and 110 lbs so my OB/GYN prescribed it because of its low amount of hormones. It took about three months for it to regulate my periods and for the headaches and nausea to go away, and then my periods came two days a month and were extremely light with no cramps. All of a sudden, my periods started arriving earlier and earlier to the point where I started two weeks early and had a week-long period. I haven 't had any pregnancy scares, weight gain, or crazy side affects from Lo Loestrin Fe but the fact that the low hormone dosage can 't control my menstrual cycle is making me switch birth control.
I had very bad anxiety in 2008. After visiting my Dr. he prescribed Inderal. Within ten days, I became a new man. I stopped taking it since my anxiety reduced from 10 to 2. The remaining 2 degree remained within my control. This last for roughly 6 years. This was back in the Middle East where I am originally from. In 2015, my anxiety suddenly came back. This times I was/am in the US. I went to Dr and told him I had the same problem (anxiety) which I overcame it with roughly two weeks of taking Inderal. Well, he was glad that I had ready treatment for myself. But even after for 40 days of taking it with the same dosage, I did not get more than 3 in 10 improvement in my anxiety. Not sure why; whether it was my age or company/country issue.
Took it for 6 weeks, 2 x 100mg for prostate problem.Worked after taking it for 5 weeks.But had unexpected side effects of mood swings - temperamental, depressed easily. Also sweat easily in BIG droplets. Reduced energy/vitality levels.
I am 18 Years old and was diagnosed with an ovarian cyst just about a little more that 1 month ago so I was put on the birth control for that reason. Week 1: Was on period. Horrible on the 2nd day of taking the pill I threw up all day and had nothing to eat.Week 2: Not as bad as week one though experiencing weight gain from 132.2 to weight 138.8 almost 139lbsWeek 3: Started period early noticing a lot of shedding of the hair. Moody boyfriend can see that I am very angry and mean at this point.Week 4: Diet change, feeling a lot better no more sleepiness.1 Mo.: Doing alot better weight going back down (134.8).
I was given this for my first colonoscopy. Procedure was successful, relaxed during procedure. It was after the procedure that I became sick to my stomach and was not able to keep anything down for 5 days. Three months later at my annual physical when they went through my blood work with me, my physician asked me if I was drinking again(I am a recovering alcoholic), as my liver functions were askew! After back tracking, we suspected it was the VERSED. I&rsquo;ve had three more procedures since and it&rsquo;s in my file that I get severe GI problems from Versed. No more problems since.
Gave me diarrhea, stomach gurgling and felt thirst
Wow if you get prescribed this vile stuff, beg for a substitution. The taste is purely beyond belief. I complained to the doc today before the procedure and he said he usually prescribes Miralax and Gatoraid.  That would have been heaven.  But I got prescribed this by the admissions team. It is horrible horrible stuff.  It works but it 's awful
I got some relief from constant dry cough but I wouldn 't say it 's brilliant although I am asthmatic too.  This cough however  was not my normal now and again asthmatic cough.  Once I took the dextromethorphan I had bad diahorrea.   I have found I am now allergic to lots of medication that I never used to be prior to early menopause and and asthma. I  won 't be taking again unless I am very desperate.
I was put on Natazia by my Ob about a month ago to stop the growth of my ovarian cyst, heavy periods, &amp; cramping. I did notice I was a bit moody, but it shrank one cyst to half it size. I lost 10lbs in the first month. It lightened my cycle the first four days, but it 's day 10 with no end in sight. I decided to stay on it for my cyst though.
I have been taking LoSeasonique for 6 1/2 weeks, thought I was going to really like it but started my period 7 days ago with cramps and all and it is still going on, I have a call in to my doctor just waiting for a phone call. I am seriously thinking about giving it up as it was only to alleviate PMS symptoms as I am done having kids and my periods before were only 3 days so would rather have 3 days with severe cramps then non-stop spotting or period as I would call it. Oh and I have also gained weight from it, not much but it has only been 6 weeks.
At first, the medication was very effective. Reflux and pain stopped almost at once. Was on lansoprazole for 18 months, for GERD and a hiatus hernia. Small side effects (visual disturbance, vertigo, tiredness) not a problem. BUT, after 1 yr, started to have terrible diarrhea, thin yellow and of sudden onset. Almost amounted to incontinence, at any time night or day.  The tiredness became unacceptable. Eventually, I decided to come off the lansoprazole, for 2 weeks suffered bad recurrence of GERD. However, persevered (with help of Gaviscon) and after 2-3 weeks am now completely normal, no reflux, no pain. Have been great now for 3 months, far more energy, Would recommend a  'break ' from the medicine to see if you can manage.
I am 52 years old and have struggled with chronic high blood pressure for about 6 years.  I have used Exforge as a supplement blood pressure medication for about 2 years.  At the dosage of 10/160 mg, I did experience some swelling and weight gain, but it was manageable.  However, after recently (45 days ago) being increased to 10/320mg dosage, I immediately developed a almost constant dry unproductive and painful cough, very sore throat, sinus problems, some additional swelling, and unprecedented tiredness.  I will stop taking this medication due to the uncontrollable coughing, sore throat and resulting headache.  The higher dosage did assist in dropping my lower number, but the side effects are too excessive.  I will seek other alternatives.
I 'm on day 3 and have 101.8 fever, no appetite, extremely fatigued, and I think I have the chills (it 's mid summer and I 'm in bed wearing pants, socks, and under a sheet and 2 thin blankets while the thermostat reads 78). Saw two doctors: obgyn and gastroenterologist... my symptoms indicate I have either Chlamydia or an irritable bowel disease, like Chron 's. Chlamydia test results come in tomorrow and then a colonoscopy in a few weeks.
Controls my blood pressure but gives me stomach pain. Used to take 160 MG, had pain now I take 320/12.5 and I have terrible pains in my center and upper stomach. I am asking the doctor to try another pill. Can 'tr take it any more!
When I first started taking them for severe anxiety I thought it was sugar pills. I then learned to use them before my attack hit and it prevented the anxiety from coming as strongly but it makes me drowsy and makes it difficult to go to school. I want the anxiety to stop but not at the price of my education.
I am taking Xarelto for a small PE (rt. lower lobe) detected upon battery of testing for origin of a &quot;black out&quot; I experienced.  (The PE just happened to be detected and is considered not to be the source of blackout.) So, I am sensitive to drugs, in general.I am on the 2nd week or so of 1/day of 30mg.  I experience bizarre dreams and seem to be in a light sleep.  I have insomnia w/ the drug.  I also feel &quot;whacked out&quot;, post even 20 hrs. after ingesting it.  In essence, I KNOW that I have taken a drug.  I sometimes have to take a nap; I feel better after doing this.  I am hoping that my body acclimates to X, but am realistic.  I am also hoping/praying that I only have to be on X for 6 mos.  I know that there are alternatives.
I started taking adderall in 2012 to 2015 with a 15 month break in 2014 due pregnancy and breastfeeding. I was diagnosed with ADD as a child but held off on taking medication until I was 26. Adderall immediately helped with focus and even energy and motivation. I excelled at work and finally was able to complete tasks instead of starting them and trailing off to something else. In 2015 when I discontinued adderall, I was taking a pretty high prescribed dose of 30mg twice a day. I started noticing the cons of the come downs were outweighing the pros of when the medication was working. I had anxiety, irritability and extreme fatigue. They switched me to dex which was much smoother but has increased my BP. I try Vyvanse tomorrow.
I 've been on Ortho Tri Cyclin for about 12 months and my skin has been flawless. I love how it 's cleared up my acne but I 'm having major breakthrough bleeding at the moment. I missed 2 pills about 2 weeks ago and I have since then been bleeding continuously and i 'm just about to go on my placebo pills, so after i 'm finished with this pack it will be about 3 weeks with constant bleeding and it 's terrible. Even when I didn 't miss any pills I would have breakthrough bleeding the week before I started my placebo pills and it would drive me nuts. Saw my doctor and i 'm going to try out another acne birth control, Yasmin so hopefully all goes well....
I 've been on Nuvigil for 4 years and it 's stopped being as effective.  I 'm currently on 125 mg twice a day, and 37.5 mg Adipex twice a day. The Adipex has absolutely helped my weight (down 14 lbs in 15 days, 40lbs to go) but not much help with the wakefulness.  I 'm falling asleep in the afternoon and driving is a nightmare.It takes A LOT for insurance to cover.  Without all the hoops my doctor has agreed to jump through, it would be $685 per month.
I 've switched between different generic versions of Ortho tri cyclen, and this is not my favorite. I have terrible cystic acne, and it did help a LOT with that. But it did nothing at all for my periods. My periods without birth control caused me to be in a haze, nausea, vomiting, terrible cramping, and heavy bleeding. With Tri-Linyah, it was mostly the same! The other generic pills I tried at least eased my periods so that they were bearable. On Tri-Linyah I also didn 't know what to expect, some periods would be longer, start at different times, or be lighter/heavier. I 'm not sure how different generic medications of the same type can really be, but I noticed this one was definitely different.
I have been taking Ritalin for about a month now. It really helps me focus on things. But a downfall is, it is really hard to multi-task. I can only concentrate on one thing at a time, and that makes it very difficult for my school work. Also, I have had a huge loss in appetite. I am not hungry, EVER. During the month I have been on this medicine I have lost almost twenty pounds due to the fact that I never want to eat.
I was on Cyclafem for many years and would not recommend women use this drug after the age of 44. I got estrogen positive breast cancer at age 50 and I believe it was from being on birth control for 25 years and especially after age 45.  I have a super clean medical history and I did genetic testing and my cancer is not genetic or hereditary in my family.  I wish my gynocologist would have told me about the serious risk for women ages 45-50 taking birth control pills like Cyclafem and getting hormonal, estrogen breast cancer.
I 'm a week into using Epiduo and Solodyn and I must say I haven 't seen this many pimples on my face since I was a teenager! I have heard that it has to get worse before it gets better, so I 'm going to stick it out and see what happens.
I have no idea what 's going on.. I started Triness mid-September and it started to clear up my acne beautifully within 2 months. Best skin I 've ever had! Since mid-December until now, however, I 've completely regressed, horrible acne on my face and breakouts on my back as well. Has anyone else had the experience of it working, then not? Or any suggestions of whether to switch to Ortho Tri Cyclen instead of the generic?
Works for the first time . Don 't work 2nd time you get it.
Insertion took 5 mins total. I took 1mg of ativan, 800 ibprophen and tylenol after eating 1 hour before. She first put her fingers up there to check which way my uterus was. No pain. Then she put the tools up there which feels like a pap. She put some numbing cream on and told me there would be a pinch. I didn 't feel any pinch but I had a slow cramp from my vagina to my hips, back, and abdomen. It wasn 't bad at first but built - it was better with deep breathing. I was sweaty and tired but it was done but ok. 1 month in lots of sharp sudden cramping and intense lower back ache sporadically. It 's like 1 min of intense pain and then fine off and on. It 's exhausting and lots of spotting. I 'm hoping this is all an adjustment period.
Please have your physician to check you liver functions after taking this medication.
I 've been taking Concerta for over 5 years now. At first it helped me focus and get my mind together. It also kick started a great social life and got me A 's through High School. After the first year though I took a downturn. I became almost emotion less and robotic like, that eventful social life degraded, and I felt like a complete loser. It 's a terrible feeling. After 3 years of use I worked to get my social life back and slowly found it once again. Even though I was lacking feelings I learned how I could access my emotions through certain mental triggers. Now five years later my social life is siralling once again and I 'm still getting A 's, but instead of feeling robotic like I now get intense rushes and euphorias followed by depression.
I got the Depo Shot 1.5 yrs. ago. I was having painful periods due to my endometriosis. I received the shot in my butt and it didn 't hurt. After my 1st shot I had some spotting for a few days. Then about 8 weeks in I got a light period for 4 days, but got worse on week 11 and had a regular period (which are normally painful for me). My doctor decided I could get the shot every 6-8 weeks to help with my painful periods &amp; growth of endometriosis. During this time I hadn 't gotten a single period which is good. HOWEVER, since I 've been on it for a yr. now &amp; my side effects: fatigue, hot flashes, fatigue, mood swings/anxiety, &amp; weight gain of 25 lbs.! I didnt get my next shot &amp; it 's been 15 weeks since my last shot. No change nor period yet.
I had migraines that lasted up to nine days. My neurologist started me on 25mg Topamax and the frequency dropped off immediately.   I actually loved the way I felt on Topamax.  I had boundless energy, no appetite, and was always in a good mood.After two years, I decided to stop taking it because my skin was breaking out and I think I felt a little too confident in myself.  I drove a little faster, said really odd things to people (no filter) and seemed to be turning into a show off about how skinny I was.  Not my best personality!I stopped taking it and didn 't gain any weight, but the headaches are back.  Once my dermatologist gets my skin cleared up, I might go back on it, but will be very mindful of the side effects.
I have been taking Reclipsen for over 6 months now. I am 21 and have no children. This is my 3rd birth control to try, after Depo-Provera &amp; Natazia. I decided to try Reclipsen for my acne and cramps. It immediately cleared up my face and is effective at preventing pregnancy, but I 'm starting to wonder if the side effects are really worth it. I am extremely irritable and my attitude goes from great to depressed/angry in an instant. I even tried Zoloft for awhile, but realized it was the Reclipsen. I still have a period for about 5 days/month, along with the awful cramping. I 'm calling my doctor soon to discuss other options. I know medications affect everyone differently, so it may be a good choice for you, but definitely not for me.
I dont know how I feel about it. I 'm 21, I was diagnosed with adhd this summer.  My grades went from c 's and b 's to A 's and deans list.  I can 't say I hate it, But i can 't say I love it either. I use to be this free spirt girl who was bubbly and loved to go out with my friends..  Although, I did have issues with controlling my impulsive mood swings, I still was really happy. Since taking it the past 7 months, my friends call me the cave dweller. It 's sad because I 'm actually content with being alone. It use to drive me nuts. I 'm almost scared to talk to people i dont know My social life has gone in the dump. Nothing bothers me. It makes me get really good grades, but it takes away the passion. I feel like a computer.
So far so good. I have been on Lyrica for about two weeks. I sleep better and pain is a bit less during the day.  
This medicine really seems to help me a bit, I don 't much have an appetite (but I never did anyway), it calmed me down enough to think. I 've been on it for almost a week and for a few days my terrible nightmares stopped, but now my dreams are back but they 're just weird now. I had nausea for the first 4 days, not that 's gone. This medicine has some good qualities, but for me, 4 days after starting to take it I developed a rash on my neck in reaction to the medicine. Don 't let that scare you though. Only 7% of people will have this effect according to a couple of articles I 've read about it. Anti-itch cream keeps it from bothering me, but I 'm planning to switch to Celexa soon.
I have been on Savella 4 a short period of time and it took the place of Cymbalta. I suffer from fibromyalgia and migraines. I notice terrible intensity of the headaches. I wake up with a much more intense headache than I used to. The insomnia I 'm getting used to, I 'm taking amitrytiline for that. I think I 'm going to wait it out because fibromyalgia is a complicated disease. There is no 24 hour cure and I notice if I move around it also helps. Worse side effect for me is blurred vision because I am an avid reader. Good luck fibromyalgia suffers. My motto is what do you have to lose. We 're all in pain already what 's the worst that could happen.
I am on Lexapro but felt I needed a push mentally, like I was stuck. There was something not right. I was prescribed Abilify, and for the 2 weeks under minimum dose it was great. Then I felt slight agitation, aggressive, worst was memory loss. I knew it was not sudden onset dementia, but stopped and weaned after 4 weeks. I feel better now without it. The everyday, over small stuff, memory loss stopped. I sure felt good the first 2 weeks.
I was prescribed Keppra 5/3/16 after a Grand Mal at work and an abnormal EEG.  I had been having absence seizures for many years, this was my first major.  I am having some pretty bad side effects including dizziness, weakness, extreme fatigue, anger, agitation, and depression.  It is tough because I am a single mom and have to work but I go to work and just sit there because I can 't concentrate and don 't feel like moving.  I am still only taking 250mg in the morning and 250 in the evening.  I was directed to move to 500 in the morning and 500 in the evening after 3 days but I just don 't feel like I can handle it.  I feel so hopeless and hope that the side effects will subside
I was a heavy drinker for 35 years. I relapsed 2 years ago after more than 12 years of sobriety. My doctor gave me Campral. I was amazed, I had no desire for a drink, ZERO desire. I did have severe diarrhea, the drug was doing so well that I tried to tough it out, hoping my body would adjust. It didn 't and reluctantly I was forced to stop. after 2 weeks without a drink I started again. Just got Naltrexone today. I hope it works as well without the side effects.
I was prescribed 10 mg once a day for depression and anxiety. After 3 months, I did notice a change in my mood. I would say it took about 3 weeks for me to notice a difference. I wasn 't as anxious, less panic attacks and I wasn 't as &quot;down in the dumps&quot;. However, for me the side effects nulled the good. My sex drive decreased a good bit which caused problems in my relationship. I also experienced increased headaches, brain &quot;zaps&quot; and I was ALWAYS tired. I would yawn all day long LITERALLY. Being a full time college student, this was not good. I was too tired to enjoy life. All I wanted to do was sleep. I am now on Prozac.
I 've used Aviane for about 5 months now.I switched from Tri cyclen lo (great skin, bigger boobs BUT cramps) to Avaine because my cramps were so bad.My cramps did disappear, I did not gain weight &amp; had an increase in sex drive, however, my skin got terrible! So bad that I 'm thinking about going back on Tri Cyclen Lo and dealing with cramps, OR switching to Yaz, which my gyno recommended!Every birth control effects everyone differently so, reading reviews may not tell you how it will affect you. I 'd say ask your doctor and try what ever they offer out!
I was prescribed Advair in combination with Spiriva after a bad asthma type attack in 2010 (1 of 3, the 1st in 2001; 2nd in 2007).  I finally went to a Pulmonary Specialist in early 2010. The inhalers combined with a series of oral prednisone helped me to recover fully.  At the advice of my new doctor I continued using the Advair and Spiriva daily.  In 2013 I developed Virtigo and continuous bladder infections, determined that was related to the Spiriva, so I stopped that one.  Several times during the 5  years,I have attempted to stop using Advair.  I think it is addicting in nature; I am unable to breathe without it!   THAT SUCKS....Especially since I was doing fine without any inhalers prior to continued use of Advair.
Was prescribed to me for a tooth abscess in my lower left molar, severe swelling (left side of mouth, cheek, jaw and my throat) and for pain in my left tonsil...which hurt so much that I couldn 't eat, barely drink, actually I just couldn 't swallow anything PERIOD! By getting this solution...I am now able to swallow a little better and although my molar is still in ALOT of pain...it is now actually stand-able to some degree; which I know it wouldn 't be if I didn 't have this to take. Negatives:1) Tastes really gross but worth it for the relief. 2) Hard to keep it in your mouth, w/o it oozing out (large dose/small mouth, I guess)3) VERY thick! I use a dosing syringe to get all of the med especially to a specific place in my mouth.
I was prescribed a 10 day course for cellulitis and after 5 days the infection cleared but I 'm so nauseous, gassy and dizzy I had to stop. I feel so bad I 'm borderline suicidal. It 's an effective drug for sure but brutal on the GI tract. I pray this feeling goes away soon...
am on hydrocodone with Tylenol for many years for tmj pain headaches. Last few months , does not seem to work as well.
I suffer from harm-ocd (violent impulsive thoughts), and im taking Zoloft for almost 2 years now. Im currently 23 years old. Here is my review..It helped me much but it didnt eliminate OCD. Though, it reduced anxiety and the frequency my mind produces impulsive thoughts with. In the past, i had pains in the back side of my head and Zoloft made them go away.Nonetheless, I also had some side effects. If i take it late at night, it will cause me tension making it hard for me to sleep. Additionally, i feel like its much harder for me to climax during sex. I still can ofcourse, but i need to put the double effort.
I 've been on Contrave 3 weeks now. The first week I was so sleepy on the drive home, exhausted feeling. It 's not as bad now, but I wake up not feeling completely rested.  I haven 't lost much, and I do find the weigh in 's everyday slightly discouraging. I haven 't exercised much because I just haven 't had the energy. Next week I 'll try to incorporate that, and try to be even more strict on my diet.  Going to keep going...but as of right now, I 'm not sure if it 's helping or not.
I started taking this for acne about 3 months ago and it works great for that. I 'm 18 and I have a 32B almost 32C bra size and I 've always hated it! this medicine made my boobs grow almost a whole cup size!!! Which made me completely miserable.
Not so effective as it is when given with many combinations.
I 'm on day 3 and taking one pill a day, because 2 has been extreme side effects and I still have to work. It would have been nice to be warned about side effects. Day one there was nausea, day 2 was nausea, severe headache, dizziness, increased anxiety( already have it &amp; got worse...yay), thick discharge, really swollen and painful throat glands, body aches(low back), fatigue and tingling in hands. Took me at least an hour to fall asleep last night, when it usually takes 15-30. Thankfully, I 've got my medical marijuana prescription and that has helped A LOT. I have a copper IUD, hoping this isn 't the cause of my BV, because I 'm31 and have never had it this bad before. Got the IUD about a year ago. Hope I never have to take this medication.
Suicidal, depressed and anxious for 9 years, finally decided I could not handle it on my own anymore and decided to seek help. My doctor prescribed me Paxil and 20 minutes after I took it I no longer wanted to kill myself (this feeling was often, all day everyday almost).  It 's now been 3 days and still going good. There are however side effects, loss of appetite (not good I 'm too thin already), blurred vision (very difficult for an artist), insomnia, impossible to reach ejaculation, also have experienced some increased anxiety.Despite these side affects im faced with a choice, accept the side effects or continue to live my life feeling sad and lonely.
This medicine was prescribed to treat my insomnia.  While it did help me fall and stay asleep, it seemed to aggravate my Fibromyalgia symptoms.  It also left me with a drugged feeling until about noon everyday and caused constipation and dry mouth. 
The only good thing that came from Yaz was that it completely cleared up my mild acne, I mean flawless skin. However, I went from a 34 a to a 34 d in 3 months and gained 15 pounds that no matter how much I exercised I couldn 't lose. Another negative it gave me chronic headaches and an upset stomach 24/7. Another plus was that I didn 't get pregnant on this pill! Overall great pill for acne, bad for other side effects.
As expected
Helped with my mood really well.But I had severe tremor which I had to endure for a month before it could be stopped. The tremor did not ease at all, it even made my feet shake when they were off the floor and my jaw. If you can put up with tremor it definitely helps with lifting your mood!
Hi I took Januvia for 1 year and 1/2 it was helping me regulate my Diabetes. But I started to have a abnormal pain in my abdomen and didn 't know why never though that it was caused because of this medication. one day I had the pain so bad that I couldn 't walk or stand, I went to the Hospital got admitted right away because I had Pancreatitis. I got Metformin for my diabetes, for the pain I had a lot of IV 's. I stayed in the hospital for 4 days in the 3rd day the doctor told me that the cause of my Pancreatitis was the medication I was taking JANUVIA. I know this works for a lot of people to help them control the sugar like  it did for me, but please make sure that you tell your doctor make the necessary test every time you go to see if you are ok internally.
Well, the good thing is... I am not pregnant. Most of the side effects I was warned about were so uncommon, I was told not to worry. However, I think when that little green guy was implanted into my arm, it was also a one way ticket to the world 's largest Emotionally Unstable Rollercoaster.*spoilet alert: it 's not fun to ride.Before Nexplanon, I pretty much coasted the happy wave. Life is good and God is better. No dark clouds for miles, and my sunshine was so bright, it disintegrated anyone else 's dark and twistyness. But I stuck artificial hormones in my arm, and now sunny days are far and few in between. ESPECIALLY when I am on my period (which is about as predictable as my mood).In short... you probs won 't get pregnant. And. Yeah...
Was recently diagnosed ADHD 32/F.  prior to this I was always told I was depressed and had gen anxiety disorder. Was put on numerous drugs (all failed) Zoloft being the latest for anxiety and it helped (150mg). Recently was put on 30mg of vyvanse (had to stop until I was pulled off Zoloft, they didn 't mix well). Today 's my first day on vyvanse (last night was my last dose of Zoloft) so I feel anxious and shaky. I know this will subside. For years I 've always felt so exhausted because I wake up a lot at night. Today I cleaned my car, kitchen and showered all before 9am. I 'm likening vyvanse so far lol. I will post at months end to give another review since I 'm still in the grey from switching meds.
I had the implant fitted in May last year due to not being able to take the combined pill as I suffer with Migraines and was advised to try the implant. It does  the job when it comes to contraception but the side effects are hard!! I 've experienced spotting ever since having it fitted so was put on the mini pill as well to control it (worst idea ever, too many hormones!!!) . I 've also been struggling with terrible acne on my face, neck and back. Even with the help of other medication from the doctors, nothing has helped and it 's starting to get me down. I will be having this removed within the next couple of weeks :(
This medicine has been okay for me. It certainly got rid of most of my paranoid thoughts but never got rid of all of them. I still had a lot of them especially present in the night, I 'd think there was a serial killer outside watching me or a serial killer in the same room as me or on the chair. It was pretty terrifying. I started Geodon a week ago and those thoughts completely disappeared, I 'm very grateful. Risperdal also made me gain a lot of weight every year and made me very hungry even after I just had a meal. I 'm 166 lbs and 5 '8 '. I 'm scared of being 200 lbs. I 've been on this medicine since I was 14 and severely psychotic and couldn 't function at all, so I guess it helped me with that, just made me gain a lot of weight. I 'm 22 now.
I was on Exalgo for several years. It gave better pain relief than Morphine but still constipating . During that time I kept having episodes of waking in the middle of the night with a fast heart rate and cold sweats which no one could explain . Then I developed severe abdominal pain and stopped eating with a thirty pound weight loss . While doing a bowel prep. for a colonoscopy I passed five Exalgo &quot; Ghost&quot; tablets in my BMs . ( Ghost tablets are the left over shell of controlled release pills ) . I realized that they were accumulating in my bowels because of my severe constipation. When I changed pain meds the Night Sweats and Tachycardia stopped .
I was on this birth control for almost 10 years...it was very effective at preventing pregnancy, even though I missed it a few times and there weren 't any crazy noticeable side effects like weight gain, nausea, headaches, etc.  I think because I was on it for so long, I didn 't realize the side effects until I went off of it...once I stopped, I felt like a completely different and better person...my sex drive went through the roof and I realized how much it had suppressed my sex drive this whole time.  I also found a huge sense of peace and was able to let go of things much easier  I felt like a cloud of depression was lifted. When I tried to go back on it, it made me really irritable and I had to stop.  
I rate this bc a 5 because right now I 'm not sure what 's going on. I started on Aug 30 first day of my period on a Sunday.  In between then and now haven 't noticed too many side effects other than feeling sensitive. There 's only 21 days on the pack my period last about 6 days once I started. Its the end of the pack and I started spotting early this week on A Monday the 15 and still bleeding and it 's Saturday. It 's light but of course it 's not like my normal cycle. There 's a lot of cramping.  But I don 't like that I haven 't finished the pack and bleeding already so I 'm just really unsure if I want to continue.
This medicine relieved me from daily pain, however I started experiencing unwanted side-effects. The biggest is it would make my anxiety problems worse, and it took me a long time to figure it out.
Only been taking Orsythia for under a month and it was perfect at first but towards the end of the first month my stomach always hurts, like it feels like it 's bubbly or you could say hungry. Loss of appetite as well, eat half my food and then feel like throwing up. I hope these are the only problems I have or I will switch to a different one.
I started taking bupropion XL 150mg a day I took that for a month, the first 3 weeks I felt kind of cloudy/lost, had a little bit of anxiety and had some pretty bad ups and downs with my depression but by the end of the month I felt a lot better and didn 't even feel like I was on a medication at all. I just started my second month and was upped to a 300mg dose. I 'm on my 5th day and so far have had really bad anxiety attacks feeling like I 'm losing control/ stuck in my own head most of the time and sleeping a lot. I 'm hoping I can stick it out like with the 150 and start feeling normal again. I almost quit in the first 3 weeks of 150 but I stuck it out after reading positive reviews and it got better. I 'm hoping that happens with the 300mg.
Hydroxyurea significantly improves the frequency of sickle cell crisis, but it has a long list of adverse effects. But if the dose is monitored properly and complete blood count of patient is done on regular basis, than some of the adverse effects can be easily identified and managed accordingly.
I had my thyroid removed almost a year ago and I can agree that while I have not lost any weight using this drug I have not gained any either.  I have had horrible mood swings and lost a great deal of my hair.  My Doctor refuses to change the dosage because she says &quot;I 'm within normal range&quot; whatever that means? I do feel like I 'm experiencing memory loss or having problems concentrating.
Just came off Lithium and Lamictal combo. I needed a change plus having surgery, have pain medication needs that can 't be addressed with a drug like Lithium. Loving the Geodon so far. Energetic and &quot;lifted,&quot; sleeping like a baby. I hope it lasts.
I took this medicine for about 9 months for perimenopausal symptoms and birth control since I am still fertile in late 40s.  This took about 3 months to acclimate to.... Had the mood swings and nausea and headaches in the first couple of months. Then it worked quite well and actually improved my sleep which wasn 't doing so well pre birth control.  However the biggest factor making me discontinue use of this drug was a big raise in my blood pressure!  I am a non smoker and a bit overweight but have always had very low blood pressure.  After 8-9 months on this my blood pressure was high. I 've been off this a few weeks and top reading on my blood pressure has dropped into 140s from the 160s I was peaking at. Still, I 've always had 110 or so before taking Loestrin 24.
On my first week of Contrave. Experiencing some very minor nausea and a &quot;fuzzy&quot; feeling, periodically. Nothing too overwhelming at this point. I 'm hoping to lose weight for my sons wedding in April. I probably should have started this last year. But I 'm determined. My cravings during the day are way down but at night they seem to increase. I 'm hoping that as I incorporate my evening dose that will come to an end. Wish me luck!
I 've had this for about 4 months now and its stopped my periods completely, I love it as a form of birth control but the main down side is the weight gain. I was 10 and a half stone on the pill before this, now I 'm nearly 12 stone in 4 months and have horrible purple stretch marks on my stomach all over. Never had stretch marks on my stomach in my whole life. Like I said I love this as a form of birth control, especially since its stopped my periods but I can 't deal with this weight gain. I 'm exercising more and eating healthier and still the stretch marks come.
I was given 10 mg atorvasatin by my doctor who say my cholesterol  was high, took them for 2 months now, I felt sweaty on my neck and backache . Didn 't know what causes all these symptoms . I 'm  56 yrs old, came into this forum to check the side effect of satin, now I know after reading similar stories, I also have chills at night too. Going to see my Gp soon whether to stop taking them atorvasatin. Going to try natural  ways for my well being ,
I think the external cream is what makes everyone burn because when I used it it was the worst sensation I 've ever had. I applied the suppository like 30 mins ago and it 's a mild burning sensation but nothing too big.
After taking a new medication for 10 days with no problem, once I titrated my dose to twice what I 'd been taking, I ceased to poop. No poop other than a few &quot;rabbit turds&quot; here and there, for 6 days. On the 4th day of no poop, I took a dose of Miralax. On the 5th day, I took a dose in the AM and one in the PM, at bedtime. Same thing on the 6th day. Finally, I 'd had enough waiting. I did the Dulculax/Miralax Colon Cleanse for Colonoscopy that is listed on many medical facility websites. I chose one with 4 tablets of Dulculax, followed a few hrs later by 8.3oz (approximately 14 doses) of Miralax dissolved into 64oz of Gatorade. It took 6 hrs after taking the Dulculax/nearly 2.5 hrs in of drinking the drink, for it to finally kick in. Whew!
I got my Mirena IUD in October and I was super excited about it. The pain getting it in was pretty mild but my biggest problem is bleeding. I haven 't had a period since before I started mirena but since I 've started I 've been bleeding for a least a month straight I get more intense headaches really bad cramping in a serious loss of appetite
I was prescribed with Premarin vaginal cream to use for 2 weeks prior pap. I had total hysterectomy 9 months ago. I experienced severe acid stomach from this medicine. I have a history of stomach acid so I didn 't put the 2 together. I took my usual med, avoided food that could trigger acid but to no avail. I suffered for 5 days of severe acid stomach until I decided to stop the cream that night. The following day, my stomach still sore but not acidic. I woke up with a headache. I didn 't think the cream will affect me this way since its effects are limited in vaginal area. I was wrong. I can confirm that my acid stomach was due to Premarin vaginal cream.
I had four 250mg of azithromycin and felt fine straight after. I hadn 't read the reviews and didn 't know what was to happen next. BOOM two and a half hours later I there was a waterfall coming out my butt and felt like I was about to throw up! My temperature rapidly increased and I had terrible stomach pains! The next day I continue to feel ill having awful stomach pains but not once did I poo! Definitely learnt my lesson! 100% making sure the boy covers up:/
I was prescribed risperdal about 6 months ago cause I suffer from schizophrenia and anxiety but am afraid of side affects also the doctor gave me celexa. Plus I suffer with seizures drinking tegretol and many others medsI decided to give it a try for my family sake I had my first pill wishing things will work out just wanted to know Am I on the right track or is there something I should know before I expirience the unknown
I have been treated successfully for atrophic vaginitis with Vagifem for six years. Unfortunately, because I now have Medicare with supplemental insurance, I have had to get a month 's supply of Yuvafem, the new generic for Vagifem, until I can get the brand Vagifem from Canada. The first thing I noticed is how poorly the Yuvafem is package. when trying to separate the applicators, the packaging covering the pill area broke open, and I ended up having to cut the applicators apart. Now I wonder if the medication is also substandard product. Of course, in the U.S., we are unable to tell were our prescription medications are made, where as in other countries, that information is available.
Abilify worked better for me than Risperdal for my odd thinking, and I hear voices less on Abilify than Risperdal, as well.  It also gave me no side-effects.  Unfortunately, I did not find the Abilify to be 100% effective.  It does very little for my mood episodes as monotherapy.  My psychotic symptoms still seem to pop up here and there too, even on the highest effective dose of 20 mg.  Currently, I 'm looking for a more effective antipsychotic that doesn 't cost an arm and a leg either.
I 've been on Saphris about 2 weeks now and the nausea has been terrible, not sure how much longer I 'll stick with it. I don 't feel I 've gotten any better, in fact. Not sure what to do next.
I found it to be helpful but at a pretty high dose and I wouldn 't call it a cure all but it really has helped with me. I am someone that doesn 't handle and respond to typical antipsychotics and certainly not good on anti-depressants. I am mixed state right now because the doctor reduced my meds by 600 mg without a reason. It drove me to all kinds of emotions.
This is my 2nd week on Cymbalta. 1st week 30mg this week 60mg. I feel weak, restless,spacy and hopeful. I have been on many different antidepressant 's and things are always great then they turn on me and no longer work. So as I read some of these reviews, I have decided to continue to take and hopefully the miracle will happen to me.
Didn 't find it a whole lot different from SSRIs other than a couple weeks of jitters. Starts off with a contented, floaty feeling and then after a month subsides to having a minor, yet meaningful effect in helping me recover from recurrent depressive episodes. It helps, but only marginally. The withdrawal effects I 've experienced going cold turkey off it numerous times are strange. A couple months of severe flu-like symptoms and I 'll cry very easily over anything even remotely sad. Also causes me to start rapid-cycling between euphoria, mixed and extreme depression. Also lasts a couple months. Going off of it abruptly is quite terrifying. I recommend titrating off it.
I am finishing up my 7th day of the medication.  Every website I have read made me extremely nervous about taking this medication.  If I can give any advice, EAT A FULL MEAL BEFORE YOU TAKE THE MEDICATION! If you don 't eat, you will be extremely nauseous and throw up.  I hate forcing myself to eat, but if it prevents the nausea, I will do it.  You need to eat 4 meals per day.  DRINK PLENTY OF WATER ALL DAY!!!!  The mornings are hard, because you do wake up nauseous, but the first thing I do is grab a bottle of water and drink some.  I ended up with the darkened stool and diarrhea, but other than that everything has been going fine.
This birth control is effective, but symptoms that come along with it is very frustrating. I have had periods inconsistently since it was inserted in February. First, my period went away for a month. Then it came back, heavy, for 3 weeks. Then it left for another 3 weeks, then came back again, and continued to do so relatively regularly for 3 months. After that, everything went to trash. ALL of June I bled heavily and sometimes lightly. Then my period took 3 days off, and then ALL of July I had a period. Then it went away for a week in August, came back for a few days, then left for 2 weeks. Since mid September, I have had a period EVERY DAY. I won 't even get started on the hormones affects on your mental state and emotional highs and lows.
So far so good minor side effects that are tolerable.. A little itching some flashing but not bad at all compared to side effects of avonex which I lasted 3 months on.
I have had atopic Dermatitis my whole life since I was 10 months old going on 55 years living with this awful condition. I 've have been on everything from prednisone for 2 years straight to cyclosporine to methotrexate... heavy duty stuff... I now have Lupus and arthritis so going to give this a shot, but apprehensive. I put it on at 9:53, after about 3 minutes notice a little tingle nothing too uncomfortable. I mean what 's worse, the pain of the condition day in and day out vs if something actually works. Will post in a couple of days... also thinking about Dupixent next.
Nexium has been very effective in resolving my Acid Reflux. I have been taking the medication for over five years, and now have to stop the medication. My bone density test showed third statistical deviation (3T) which reports that I have osteoporosis. I have been taking calcium and supplements with exercise for almost all my life, and it 's hard to believe I have this disease. Nexium blocks the absorption by the body, thus the problem.
I have a love and hate relationship with the zovia 1/35 birth control pill. Back when I was younger in my teen years even early 20s it worked amazing. No weight gain at all. I stopped taking it for a few years when I started my family and now 10 years later decided to get back on it. Let me just say, weight gain! I don 't blame the pill 100% but I feel like you have got to be prepared for how hungry this pill makes you! So you will be hungrier than usual and eat more and hence gain weight on it. Its getting out of control, I have decided to stop this month.
I was on this medication 8 months ago. The first three months were okay, no obvious side effects. After a problem at the pharmacy I didn 't have access for 3 weeks and then continued on it for another 3 months and I am having the bad abdominal pain and sweeping yet again. This time it feels like a radiating infection type of pain. Sharp pains in te front where I suspect my bladder is. I am now having this bloody mucus instead of bowel movements, I have also been experiencing hair loss in great amounts during showers. This medication seems to work at first and then begins to wreck havoc in other areas after extended use. I am on a strict IC diet so I know that that is not the contributing factor.
Been on trulicity for 4 months.  Seem to tolerate it very well, infrequent bouts of diarrhea,  some stomach upset but no episodes of throwing up.  Does not seem to handle carbs well, but minor carbacious meals will do better,   I supplement with about 40 units of Lantus insulin to help the A1c.  I will also do some occasional use of humolog if sugar is too high before next meal or arising in the morning. I have had about 7 pounds of weight loss.
I have had only two shots and have horrible mood swings, I 'm ALWAYS angry or upset at something and I 've lost all desire for sex putting a strain on my relationship. The only thing good I can say is not having to remember to take a pill.
I have had high blood pressure for years and have just started a medicine routine. I tried Zestril and had great results but did not like the cough. So, my doctor switched me to Cozaar. This makes me cough, makes me tired, dizzy, and constipated.
I was on the Depo injections for around 2 years during Uni, having previously been on the Microgynon pill. In many ways, it was perfect for me- it completely stopped my periods, which was so convenient, and I had no cramps or pain at all. The problem was, my skin gradually got worse and worse, and stupidly at the time, I didn 't put it down to the Depo. I had always had mild acne, but the Depo made it so much worse and just constant. Finally, I was taken off Depo due to possible bone density issues for long-term use (over 2 years), and switched to Yasmin, which cleared my skin up completely! I know other people who had Depo and it didn 't affect their skin at all, so I think it depends on your hormones personally. As BC alone it was ideal!
It works great if it works for you but if you have the problem where medication suddenly stops for no apparent reason then you could be in for a nightmare, like I was in for a whole year still going through it but not as bad. It more so numbs you that you don 't worry about your physical aspects of anxiety and works great for mood but if it &quot;poops out&quot; on you then be prepared to fight the withdrawals.
Just started this medication about 5 days ago. The thing with me, I 've lived a pretty happy life til about 3 years ago.  It has gotten worse over time. I 've got a medical condition known as Nerofibromatosis. I have a inoperable brain tumor. I recently lost my job cause I couldn 't work because of the pain and short temper I have. I lost my gf about 3 years ago. I would always think someone was out to get me. I would strike out for no reason. Just recently I started having suicidal thoughts and just wanted to give up on life. I would  cry for no reason.  I just wanted to end. Since taking this. It has kinda helped. I get sleepy real quick. I take at night and sleep all night. Hopfully it will continue to help
I didn 't have much luck with this one.  The first night I took 15 mg I slept through the night.  After that, I could fall asleep for an hour or two but then would be up for 3 or so hours.  The increase in appetite was a plus for me.
I 've been using Belviq for a little over a month. I start on 12-9-15 at the weight of 277.4 and today on 1-16-2016 I have lost 13lbs total. I did have stall the second week taking the medication. I try to watch what I eat and how much I eat. I had no side effects of any kind I really do like this medication. It helps me to stop craving for foods I shouldn 't have at all. My goal for the end of the year to drop down to 75lbs.  Good luck to those who 's giving the Belviq a try.
Hi i just started Lexapro 3 days ago 5mg for anxiety and I must say I think I feel worse then I did before I took it. I feel all shakey and feel a bit down and I have gone off my food is this normal has anyone else felt like this ?
I was prescribed 5 days of Avelox for bronchitis/sinusitis.  Seems to have cleared up all the green mucuous, but the cough lingered for another week.  Another possible side effect is  tremendous pain/swelling in my Achilles tendon.  Don 't know if this was caused by Avelox, but have been doing some research and that is a possibility. I will be going back to the doctor tomorrow for follow up, as I can barely walk.
I 've had this birth control for only 1 month, so I 'm not anyone to talk. BUT so far I do love it. Not having to take a pill or go for a shot or worry if something 's misplaced is amazing. Insertion was painless. Numbing felt just like a normal shot and then the insertion was done so quick! I took off the wrapping a day early and you 're supposed to keep a bandage on for 2 weeks (depending on what your doctor says) but I took mine off a day after I got it. My arm was sore for about a week and then after that I would just feel slight pinching feelings but now i don 't feel it. The only downside is my period,so far is lasting way longer than it used to, but it 's super light , also I get the worst migraines I 've ever had in my life.
I will give this birth control a 5/10 for the simple fact that I did not get pregnant for the 2 years I was on it. but I gained probably about 50 lbs (with no change in my eating habits and i 'm even more active), my boyfriend complained about my mood swings, I bled for majority of the time whether it was heavy or light...I just couldn 't deal. I wish I came off of it earlier but I enjoyed not being at risk for pregnancy. I got it taken out today and I can 't wait to get back to normal.
Effective at stopping bladder pain but suffered very bad oral and nasal dryness so had to stop. Also suggest try not to drink alcohol for bladder pain.
I was put in the hospital for the fourth time with Pancreatitis and high blood pressure. The doctor prescribed me this medicine and it makes me dizzy. My eyes get all blurry too.
I 've had two implanon 's in four years. with the first one I gained around 20kgs, obviously not from the implanon itself but more likely as a result of a massive hormone change. I had the first one for almost three years before I decided to have it removed as it caused such a profound hormone imbalance I ended up with a harmless but embarrassing discharge for the last nine months. The second implanon I had implanted in early 2015, it started off fine- one menstrual cycle every 2-3 months, but now I am lightly bleeding for two weeks of every month with terrible hormonal acne and cramps. This device has been a wonderful thing for me most of the time so I allow it a bit of leeway in terms of unwanted effects.
Taking 25mg right now and was on adderall XR 30mg.  I don 't understand this medicine since it usually makes me tired and down for about 2-3 hours after taking it then get an okay amount of focus for another 6-8 hours.  I personally can 't deal with those 3 hours everyday when I need to be productive so I will try something else. This drug may be very similar to the chemicals in adderall but it definitely does not feel like it.
I have taken medication for five days. My start weight was 219. And I am 5 '9&quot; age 46. This morning I weighed 214. So far I am pleased with my results. No major side effects. Drink a lot of H2O and eat smaller portions and stay active. Good luck to you all!   6/28/15
I 've taken this medication three different nights now and honestly, I haven 't slept this deeply in ages!  However... from the time I take the medication to the time I get to sleep - I have no memories of this time period the next day.  Also, if I am sleeping and someone wakes me up after I 've taken the ambien, I won 't remember anything the next day from being awake at the time. Really upsetting to my boyfriend the next day...
I feel like this medication is hit or miss. It either works really well or not at all. I started at 50mg a day at the beginning of 2015 and slowly increased to 200mg a day. At first I thought I was getting better, but it turns out I was just confusing feeling numb with feeling better. My dr kept increasing the dose but it didn 't work and I eventually switched to a different medication. I experienced a few side effects: dry mouth, headaches, dizziness, those ones were manageable. But the sexual dysfunction side effect freaking sucked. I couldn 't orgasm at all most of the time and when I could it took almost an hour to get there! Sooo yeah......that might be TMI but whatever. I 'm now on bupropion which is working wonders for me!
I 've been taking Seasonique for a little over a month now. Within in the first month, I experienced some pain in my uterus (which only lasted a couple days, no big deal), flared up acne, moodiness, increased appetite, decreased sex drive, and dryness. I was so frustrated with all of this, I 'd already made up my mind that I was going back to Ortho Tri Cyclen, but since I started the second month of pills, all these side effects seem to be decreasing. Now I 'm not sure whether I want to keep taking Seasonique, or if I want to just switch back. If you 're happy with your current birth control method, DO NOT switch just because you want fewer periods.
I have mixed feelings about viibryd. I 'm switching off of it now, after about a year on it. I found that I did help, but seemed to make me more anxious at first. I didn 't have any other side effects.  After being on it for a while, I noticed if I was even a couple hours late on my dose, I would be a complete mess--crying, panicking, just feeling terrible. I 've never had such a strong reaction to just being late on taking a medication. I 'm not even talking about missing a full day.  This is the main reason why I wanted to get off of viibryd. I stayed on it for fear of withdrawal symptoms and my depression and anxiety worsened. Currently taking celexa and today is my first day with no viibyrid.
I was prescribed Ultram/tramadol for the daily pain I am in due to being crushed from the waist down. I only use it when Tylenol or ibuprofen will not work, which is maybe once a week or a handful of times per month. Ultram does help take the edge off the pain most of the time, but on occasion, just doesn 't help. I need to be sure I have food in my stomach before taking it or it will make me pretty nauseous. It also keeps me up at night if I take it late in the day. I haven 't had any issues concerning withdrawal from it, but it may be because I do not use it on a daily basis, but only when needed.
Although the progress of the disease continued Indocin allowed me to live a relatively normal life for 30 years.
I just started otezla this morning!!! Obviously I haven 't seen any results but I 'm hopeful!!! I will be posting every week to let everyone know my results!!! 
Started B first in May at 208lb. Went though a bad break up and lost 8 pounds. Was not hungry at all could have been the B or being dumped. IDK. Ran out and did refill script and gained 8 pounds back maybe even one or two extra I 'm now back on B and I do not really see a change in appetite I can go longer during the day without getting hungry but at the afternoon hours I 'm starving and snacking on everything in sight you do get thirsty a lot which is encouraging to drink more water but I just want the weight gone so I 'm still on the fence about b and I will continue to take it until this one runs out and maybe even into the new year if it doesn 't work I 'm getting the Lap Band and some lipo good luck all
I started Saxenda 4 days ago. Besides being tired a lot, I haven 't experienced any other symptoms. I am a bit disappointed with my appetite, I have read many people saying they can 't even bare the smell of food because they are put off. My appetite hasn 't changed. I am still hungry all the time, which is why I chose Saxenda in the first place. I am still eating smaller though, because of the price I do not want to blow my money and eat large still. I am hoping when I increase to 1.2mg on Sunday that I will start to feel my appetite decrease. I haven 't lost weight yet either, but I acknowledge it is only 4 days, plus I haven 't exercised this week. So I take responsibility for that.Anyway, I still have hope. I will report back in next week :-)
The first two or three times I used this medication my lesions were past the &quot;weeping&quot; stage of the virus and on to healing. Subsequent applications of this medication now seem to have no effect.  I 've moved on to using Zovirax which seems like it not only halts any progress of the outbreak and my healing times are faster than any other medication I 've used. Abreva just seems to not work at all now.
I am a teenager and have lost 5 pounds in TWO days, I only take Contrave in the morning (because it 's my first week of course) I constantly feel tired and sick, I never feel hungry and I have to make myself eat, starting to wonder if this is even safe for me!
I am not really impressed with the pain control I receive from Vicodin. I have a long history of chronic pain related to my disease Lupus. I have had Lupus for 20 years. As I get older the pain seems to get harder to deal with. Fortunately, I am still able to work and function on a daily basis. I am fully aware of all of the side effects, for me the benefit almost always outweighs the risks. I don 't understand why doctors are so afraid to give you something different that may actually work better for me. They are so concerned with addiction. Vicodin is addictive!!! I don 't understand their rationalle.
After seeing all these reviews, I really thought I would gain weight too. Well, its been 1 week and I felt really sleepy for 3 days and I looked as if I had gained weight on my face. I was really happy but after 4th day I think the weight gain on my face disappeared. I feel hungry after 1 pm. I want to eat something all the time but I don 't think I gaining weight. I 'm thinking about increasing the pills dosage to 3 times a day now!
I had Mirena placed in January 2011. As soon as it was placed, I have not had my menstrual cycle. Between that and the fact that I didn 't have to worry about taking it everyday, that was the only good thing I experienced with it. I had more than half of the side effects of Mirena, which included, but not limited to, depressed mood, migraines, back aches, swelling, weight gain, dizziness, sometimes painful intercourse. The list goes on. For me, the side effects out-weighed the effects.
Started taking Rapaflo about a month ago after experiencing horrible side effects with Flomax.  I find that it only works well if I take it every few days, and then it only works for about 24 hours.  Taking it every day does nothing for me after the first 24 hours.  However, when it does work it reduces my nightly urinations from 20  to about 10, doubling my sleep.  The ejaculation side effect is completely awful though.
I was on yaz for three years. I am really torn on how I feel about it. I am an average weight non smoker. I am on birth control for ovarian cysts, not to prevent pregnancy. At first yaz was great. No periods, at all, but some bleeding after sex. I lost 10 lbs immediately, mostly just water weight, and my pms/pmdd was so much better. The negative part is the extremely painful breasts, low libido, a blood clot, binge eating, price, and eventual negative mood changes. I have finally connected yaz to two whole years of horrible light headed/dizzy spells, of which I originally blamed my antidepressant. I am now getting off of yaz to and going back on my antidepressant. I cannot yet prove it was the yaz but I do see dizziness as a side effect.
I have been using this 3-4 times a day for just over two weeks along with one-20mg proxicam a day for Osteoarthritis, I am male-64yrs. I have not been overly impressed with either thus far. But I have noticed a little less stiffness and some range of motion. But in fairness the inflammation is no doubt very deep in both joints and would take time for the medicine to hit its target area. The Dr told me to give it time which I felt was reasonable.  I find the gel to have a pleasant smell and rubs in nice and dries pretty quick. I am using the Voltaren Gel that says, diclofenac sodium topical gel 1%. Don 't quote me but I believe they also make it with 2% diclofenac sodium?? With ins my cost was 42.00 for 5 tubes. Greasing both knees uses a lot
I been taking this pill for almost two years and gained 13 pounds.
So far, no problems except a sore throught. It 's only been 4 days I 'll update later as I 'm expecting good things from what I 've read
I am currently on Metformin for PCOS symptoms. However, blood test after blood test has shown that I do not have PCOS. I have all the symptoms and Metformin is working to regulate my cycles. The only downside is the weakness, light-headedness, and sleepiness I am experiencing. I have read that it is possibly from lactic acidosis, which is frightening. I am increasing my water intake and exercise and hoping that it will go away.
I was on Kariva for about three years. I took it because I am prone to migraines. The pill was great for regulating and lessening my menstruation cycle, however it did nothing to alleviate my migraines. I recently have switched to an IUD which has done the same but no migraines.
If you 're looking for a birth control that 's easy on your body in the sense that you don 't get mood swings, no weight gain, good sex drive, etc., you might like Alesse. If you 're looking for all that as well as an acne treatment, BEWARE (especially if you have adult acne)! My doctor put me on Alesse because I was looking for a birth control and an acne treatment (I had moderate adult acne on my cheeks). The first three months, I thought I was in heaven. No mood swings, no weight gain, clear skin, etc. Then approaching my period on the fourth month, I woke up with 6 acne cysts on my chin, jaw and lower cheek. I had never had them before. Still getting pre-period cystic breakout, onto Diane 35 next month.
I 've had the implanon for a year and 1 month, it is very effective because I haven 't gotten pregnant and im sexually active, but the side effects suck!!!!!! I spot all the time my period is normal and lasts for 4-6 days but it is followed by spotting a lot of spotting and I dont get a break and when i do its like 2-4 weeks and I start spotting for a full 2 months!I hate the side effects, but its comfortable in the arm.
I first wrote a year ago. I am now thousands in debt due to the freq cut off of benefits from organizations that give grants. I am not informed when the cut off payments. So I owe thousands, why don 't the infusion centers notify patients when they have no funding. I have had nothing but severe pain in my joints. Severe rashes, sores, etc. I can 't stand how I feel. I was over $200,000 in ACTH this last year. How can I afford to raise my family when I am denied all help. Who is getting all this money. I have been a coma for over 8 times this last year. Twice on life support. 8 cases of sepsis. I have no family, just two handicap children that I adopted. I can 't believe Drs would do this to patients.
I had the Kyleena inserted today and OMG IT HURT!!! I had the Mirena inserted 6 weeks after giving birth so it was a breeze since my uterus was still somewhat open. This experience was horribly different for me, my youngest is now 5, so my uterus is not as open. I went in expecting a simple procedure like I had in the past, but no. My doctor did not advise me to take any pain reliever before hand. It was so painful I almost past out and/or threw up. The nurse had to give me a cold cloth and fan me. After it was finally over, maybe a few mins, which felt like an hour, I felt dizzy and sick. I had to stay in the room and lie down for a bit. I have been bleeding, clotting and cramping all day. Anesthesia should be offered! I hope its worth it!
I have been on Depo for about a year now! I got it in April in 2013 and now it 's February 2014. I kept bleeding since I got it till about October. So I had about 2 shots by then. When got my 3rd shot, I stopped bleeding. I haven 't got a period since then. I weighed about 105lbs now I weigh 130lbs, I gained so much weight.
Migranal Nasal Spray seems to have helped the migraine (within the 24 hours, not quickly). However, the muscle pain was tremendous for 48 hours following taking the 1st &amp; 2nd doses. I changed from Triptans because of the muscle pain, but the pain with the Migranal is worse. I will try it one more time, but if the after effect (excruciating muscle pain, especially in my legs and feet) are as bad as my first experience, I will stop.
I took EllaOne 15 hours after I had unprotected sex with a guy I met at this trip I went on by myself; he ended up coming inside me. My cycle lasts for 30 to 32 days, and I had sex during my 21st day, so I was just starting the Luteal Phase (infertile). However, as a  woman, despite using any contraception or the pill, I always have a little doubt in my mind, and it remains there until I get my next period. After taking the pill, I was told that, to be sure it had worked, I had to bleed a little. The pharmacist told me that was false. My period 's supposed to arrive anytime now. Even though I know that one of the side effects is that it may delay my period, I 've never been more scared in my life. I haven 't experienced any complications, tho.
Dat two for me and i thought it was just me experiencing the irritation after i inserted the application into my vagina. This pain is nothing i want to go through again. I 've had yeast infections in the past and the treatment was nothing like this. I hope it works cause it sure feel like its doing something downn there
Protonix does what it 's supposed to do unless I really overeat, eat or drink something really acidic. Sometimes, I have the feeling of hoarseness, coughing like food is coming back up in my esophagus. If I have to vomit, my food looks undigested due to the protonix not letting my stomach produce enough acid. Miss a day of protonix or vomit and you pay the price.
Me and my bf had unprotected sex on the day of my ovulation period. I 'm so panicked and worried that I may get pregnant so I got this plan B but the next day we met again and we had sex again the thought of being safe coz i just taken the Plan B 13 hrs ago. I don 't know if it works that way. Please comment if you guys have experience like this before. Still worried of being pregnant.
I started Savella a little over a month ago and had not experienced any side effects until the last two weeks. Palpitations/ elevated resting heart rate and right sided headaches, which I did not realize were due to this medication because I didn 't experience any initial side effects. Overall muscle pain has been greatly reduced, energy increased. Bummed out that I may have to stop due to the new side effects.
Ok so I think that if you use this should depend on why you have constipation in the first place.   If you have it because your bowel muscles have stopped pulsating well and good.   If you have it cos you 've not been able to go to loo and your stool is now too hard and big AVOID. I had a major back spasm could not move for two days - bend and sit on a toilet hahaha-  then I was prescribed a muscle relaxant (diazapm/valium) which relaxes ALL your muscles...  I 've not been now for 8 days but all duculox has done for me has given me a desperate need to pass stool that 's more like a brick!!!  I really needed something to make it softer  :(
I did like this medications at first but had to stop after reaching my full dosage because I broke out in severe hives. It takes several weeks to build up to the max dose. On the 3rd week,  I began to have dry mouth. On the 4th week,  I started seeing hives on my body.  Nothing I took helped.  I ended up in the urgent care that afternoon and got a steroid shot along with a low dose steroid pills.  The hives came back the following day.  I dealt with it for another day then I was back in the urgent care.  My blood pressure was high because of my burning and irritated skin.  I got an epipen and stronger steroids. At this point,  I stopped taking it but was on 9 pills a day to get it under control.
I 've been taking Lexapro since August now. Started on a low dose (5mg) because I don 't tolerate the side effects of antidepressants well. First few weeks of taking this wasn 't the most pleasant experience but I soon got use to it and it wasn 't so bad. I struggle with GAD and depression and while it hasn 't cured my anxiety I am already feeling some better. I have since moved up to 20 mg. The list of side effects that I had most trouble with were; Drowsiness throughout the day, jitters, bruxism(clenching my teeth) and an increase of anxiety. I also noticed that I felt like I had the flu because of body aches. Made my eyes glossy as well.
I 'm on my second implant and must say I always thought my problems where in my head. I had my first one inserted 5 years ago and must say I had no problems with it at all. No or hardly any bleeding and even lost weight with it. I had it taken out as we were trying for a Baby and fell pregnant within a month after it had been taken out, so I decided to go back onto it after our daughters birth. But this time it was the opposite... I got acne which I never had in my life and I 'm 33. I 'm constantly bleeding, gone of sex, got constant thrush to the point that my Hubby went crazy accusing me of sleeping around. And also I got a dermatitis on my head which is very itchy. I 'm going to have it removed next week.
I began Topiramate about five years ago.I have suffered from hemiphlegic migraines since I was twenty and they have become worse since I started going through menopause.I started on 25mg ,one at night but found it really hard to get up,so I started taking them in the morning.Nothing happened so gradually I went up to 50mg and stayed on that for the last 5 years with my other meds.I had no weight loss or gain or any other side effects.Just recently I came off of all my other medications other than my Zomig and now take 100mg of Topiramte in the morning.I havent had a full blown migraine for three weeks just dull headaches like I am at the end of an episode and the hangover I usually get after the migraine.
I started Savella May 25th with the titration pack. Side effects not bad. When I got to 100mgs my pulse and blood pressure shot up. I felt odd. I had been trying not to take any other pain medicines including Advil or Tylenol to gauge its effectiveness. I talked with my doctor and started the titration again. It has definitely decreased my pain and I got rid of my fibromyalgia fog, which has been great, but I seem to be unable to tolerate the 100mg dose as my BP and Pulse are elevated again. I am very disappointed. I will keep trying.
Seroquel was the only thing that knocked me out.  I 've been on it for 8 months, but have gained 50 lbs, which I have attributed to Seroquel.  Not to mention that diet and exercise aren 't cutting it to lose the weight. Wish I could find something that could make me sleep as well as Seroquel without the weight gain.
Very helpful with arthritis pain but side effects outweigh helpfulness. I noticed nausea, severe leg cramps, feeling uncomfortable after eating small amount of food, fast weight gain. The main reason I quit this medication was because I felt it was making my antidepressant medication (Effexor) way less effective.
Medicine seems to be effective, but is literally the most terrible tasting medicine I 've ever had.  It has no coating and dissolves instantly on your tongue, leaving a horrid taste behind.  It is upsetting to your stomach.  Taking it because it 's effective.  Wish they 'd add a coating.  I dread taking this medicine and have a knot in my stomach when it 's almost time to take it.
I can 't find anyone else that experiences this, but I swear when I take this medication it sometimes makes my symptoms worse.  At least 3-4 times a week it is like my bladder just fills up over and over really fast with tons of clear urine.  I don 't know where it comes from.  It most often happens first thing in the morning so there is little to no way of ever sleeping in on my day off.  If I am not exhausted, my bladder won 't let me sleep but so much.  This morning it was every 15-30 mins I was urinating like I had been chugging gallons of water.  Sometimes it follows me to work and since I am on the road with my job, I am in complete hell at times.  I do not have diabetes.  Drs say at least my kidneys are good.  Yet the misery continues.
LOVE the way this medicine work.  We could just leave it on a little longer to get through homework time!  BUT the irritation was just too much for her skin.  She had raised whelps/sores for several weeks after discontinuing the meds.
I 'm a 21 year old /male. I started to have severe panic attacks. I smoked marijuana heavily for years and had a stressful situation a year prior to the attacks.  I 've been taking Zoloft for 7 months now and I want to wean myself off it. I take 100 mgs. It works to an extent but I think the rest is all in my head. When I first started I felt tired all the time but that passed... and after a month I could barely ejaculate and its been like for this for months.  I want my libido back.
I have Fibromyalgia and was prescribed this to help with the pain.  It didn 't work well at all.  Carisoprodol is a much better muscle relaxant.  I also take Tylenol w/ Codeine #3 which also helps.
Never again, first 10 'days macrobid. Still had infection.  Put me on bactrim.  I was so sick after day 5. I missed 7 days of work, I think 10 days was to much. Had loose poop, neasea every day, dizzy, loss 7 lbs in 7 days and the worst was the dry eyes and mouth.  I felt like poo. I thought I would end up in hospital.  It even made me depressed!  Never again!
I started Lutera about 2 weeks ago, and the only side effects I have noticed is slight tenderness and swelling of my breasts (not really a problem) and occasional mood swings, (which are easy to control if your aware you are having mood swings). At first it was difficult remembering to take the pill, but I set an alarm on my cell to remind me. I set it for a time when I 'm usually awake, and not busy. The pill however like any other birth control will cause slight weight gain, so it 's wise to cut back on the amount of calories you consume while on this pill. It does not stop your period either, well at least not for me. My menstrual periods are much shorter, and somewhat lighter, but still there. Also, I 've noticed occasional, slight cramping.
This helps (fleet rectal enema) after 10 to 20 minutes.
I used to be on Beyaz, which was great for me. Then when I moved out of the country, I had to switch to Yazmin (same company). It 's my first month, and I am SO moody! I have gotten into big fights with my boyfriend over the smallest things in just the past couple weeks that I 've been using this pill. I don 't feel like myself. I am constantly going into depressions (I was already depression-prone before the pill). Sure, it 's getting the job done, I don 't have any physical issues really (though I do have headaches, but it may not be from the pill), but overall the moodiness isn 't working for me. I 'm going to be switching to Yaz next month.
I loved Invokanamet, my A1C went from 9.3 to 7.2 and my blood sugars never went over 120 fasting or after meals. But the the yeast infections made me go insane. They lasted about 2-3 weeks and I got one every month! I wanted to die it was so unbearable. I also woke up feeling like I was stranded in the desert for days every morning but that wasn 't too bad. DR switched to Januvia over 3 weeks ago and my blood sugars went from 120 to 350! Going back to the doctor on Thursday to try something else, if i could take hold of the YI i 'd never get off Invokanamet
Soriatane certainly helps with the psoriasis, but I 'm not sure the side effects are worth it.  I 've got 2 infected ingrown toenails because the skin on my toes are so soft it laps over and causes the toenails to be ingrown and then infected.  I 've lost a lot of hair.  My fingernails peel and break.  I have this plastic like coating in my mouth that nothing gets rid of.  There 's got to be a better way!
90% of the reviews I 've read talk about the taste being terrible. It wasn 't for me.BUTthe cramping was horrible. I started at 5:00 pm, and from 7 pm to to 6 am the nextday the cramping was unbearable. No sleep. Did it work? Yes. Would I ever takeit again or have another colonoscopy? Never. The procedure was done 3/3/16.I am a 75 year old man.My advice is to talk face to face with the physician beforehand to ask if there isany way to lesson the cramps.
I was prescribed Ativan for anxiety due to working in a high stress job (prison). Once during a riot at work I had my first ever panic attack, my heart rate was so high that the on call nurse said if I hadn 't taken Ativan I would have ended up in the ER. However I started treatment with Effexor XR and that has ceased all my anxiety, so I have recently been using the Ativan to help me sleep, and it works fine to help me relax.
I 've had C. Diff for quite a while, but just got diagnosed a few weeks ago. I 've take this medication 3 times a day for two weeks (right now I still have a few days left) and I am experiencing the worst side effects any med has ever given me. The medicine tastes awful, and starts immediately dissolving when it goes into your mouth, making it hard to swallow and causing an extremely bitter taste that is hard to get rid of. I am consistently nauseous every time I take it, and threw up a few times from that. I still feel like I have the C. Diff symptoms along with the side effects of the medicine. I also shake so much it 's difficult to write and have bad feelings of vertigo, as if I am falling over. Such awful side effects..
I have had this in since December 2016, my period came 3 weeks later and now it won 't stop. Nothing else really, I want to take it out.
I had trouble getting to sleep, stuffy runny noise I am 43 years old I was on norvasc but my new doctor recommended this I stopped taking it maybe he can lower the dose
Sometimes it helped but other times it didn 't. I have fibromyalgia though so it could be the pain interfering.
Only good thing about this is not  getting pregnant this birth-control pill has made me break out  also I have a sharp pain and feel sick all the time and make my period late
I have had 8-12 migraines per month for the past 2 years. The Imitrex 150mg that I take for them has started to lose efficacy, so I keep having these day long auras but not full blown migraines. It 's very draining. My doctor recommended Propanolol ER 80mg capsules as a preventitive. I took them before bed and for the first 3 days felt pretty light headed and foggy in the morning, but that went away. But, the awful acidic, churning stomach aches did not go away. I discontinued it after 1 week because the stomach aches and worsening diarrhea were too much. And then I got a migraine the next day. I think it probably worked well for migraine prevention but the side effects were not worth it.
Ok I don 't lie but I went on it because of tremendous pain. I didn 't even know was caused by heroine. Let me tell you something, it was the best thing I ever did. I got my life together and no doubt it helped with my mood and pain. Unfortunately my symptoms are so severe now I can 't sit still or stand or work. My life had become not of my own. I would say try it because you have nothing to loose but don 't fool yourself because there are always withdrawals, you must listen to your Dr!!!! I only wish I had a Dr who could help me. I 'm on disability and cant find anyone to help. I 'm in a living hell but I wont show it. I would do anything to be able to walk down the street without my legs going out from under me. I 'm only 46. Hope its your miracle.
completely lost every bit of sex drive i had. gained about 10 pounds, mostly in my breast. helped my acne slightly.
After the surgery to fix my Broken ankle I was in considerable pain and used Oral Morphine to deal with the it. I had stopped using it 3 days ago and this is when I developed considerable stomach cramps and constipation. I spoke with a pharmacist who recommended Dulcolax. I took 2 tablets last night at 1130pm and had the worst night sleep ever. I awoke this morning with awful nausea. All morning the same occurrence of cramps and not being able to pass a BM. I have finally passed a BM at 1430 today it was excruciatingly painful, very dry. If you take this medication expect Nausea, Cramps. Drink lots of water more than normal. I also found fresh fennel tea, sit ups and gentle abdominal massage helped.
Made me so tired could not focus or stand up, it pretty much sedated me slept like a baby. Doctor said it would make me sleepy because of a bad allergic reaction to Testim so it sedated me to keep me from scratching my rash.
I 'm only on day 3 but thought I would share since I was looking for first couple of day reviews and couldn 't find very many. I read enough to know to take AFTER eating and I have experienced very little to no nausea. (THC may have helped this) I did have some burping on the 3rd night. The main thing I notice are my thoughts after taking and sleep. The first 2 nights, I feel I got a little paranoid and some increased anxiety and noticed it was taking me longer to fall asleep. Took my 3rd dose last night, and I have yet to go to sleep. Been up for 18 hours. I even took this dose a lot earlier than the other 2 because I noticed it was taking me longer to fall asleep. I usually took it between 9 and 10 but last night I took it between 7 and 8.
I have been on the Nuvaring for a little over a year and really liked it at first. Couldn 't notice it once in place and I never had an issue with it slipping out unexpectedly. I used it PERFECTLY and never got pregnant. This month has been different (i.e., midmonth cramps, breast tenderness, lower back pain). I have taken three pregnancy tests, and all have been negative. The one thing that was different was that we used an oil-based lubricant for the first time this month, and in the med info, it says oil-based vaginal medication can increase hormone levels by up to 40%. Can 't find any info about the effects of using oil-based lubricant with Nuvaring, so be careful about that! 
I was started on 50 mg per day, one month ago.  My skin is definitely less oily, but I 've had a cystic flare for the last couple of weeks.  Haven 't really seen improvement in acne cysts yet- still need cortisone injections.  Using with sulfur mask 3x week, and tazorac on other days.  Will update next month!
7 injections approximately monthly intervals.8 injection scheduled but not given as edema gone, however, left my eye with dead cone cells.Vision worse than before injections.
I was diagnosed with rrms in May this year. Tecfidera was the first medication I have tried. I felt good for about three days in the first week on the 120mg dose, apart from some flushing and burning skin.  I haven 't felt that clear headed for such a long time. Then, two weeks into the full dose I developed such severe cramping in my stomach with vomiting and diarrhea that I was too scared to take another dose. I will try something else instead. I really really want to have clear thoughts and energy!
I have been taking Triumeq for eight months. It 's the only one I have taken so far for HIV so I can 't really compare it to other treatments but March 6th 2015 my CD4 was 300 and my Viral load was 33.000.000.Today my CD4 is 890 and my Viral load is undetectable.I throw up, maybe, three times a week.I always, always feel tired.My depression is also worse, but my Dr didn 't tell me it didn 't mix well with two other pills I take for mental illness.I can 't sleep most nights and I 'm always out of breath.
Work great but, my quality  of life wasn 't there.  Drug turned my muscles into marshmallow  to the point  I couldn 't walk. So what 's the point.  I ended up pulling muscles when I bent over, $300  later @ a chiropractic  put me back together  again. Statins for me are bad news  !!!! Can 't take them PERIOD so quit pushing the meds @ $500.00 a shot
Nexium was moderately effective at reducing my GERD symptoms, but the side effects made it not worth taking.  I had trouble sleeping, felt very lethargic and fatigued, found it difficult to think through complex problems (which, in my job, is a serious concern).  I felt constantly run-down and had no energy, but could not get a good night 's sleep.
for a long time i have been irregular bleeding i would bleed for months on end but sometimes it wouldnt be bad just light but others it would be to were i couldnt stand up so i finally had enough of that and went to the obgyn. she presribed me provera and i am just now on my third pill. on my second i started lightly spotting but it went away then today thrid pill i am bleeding not bad but enough to wear a pad. hopefully this works im not to sure right now
I 'm a 20 year old college student who just got this today, it 's been about 7 hours. I may be a bit biased because I can have a low pain tolerance, but this was the worst pain in my life. The speculum was like a regular pap and wasn 't so bad, but the clamp on my cervix and the actual insertion was so painful. After it was over with I started to have severe cramps and although they 're not as severe now, I 'm still cramping badly 7 hours later. So glad I did this on my day off because I could not have worked. Actually came home and slept for 2 hours afterwards to sleep through the pain. I 'm glad that I 'm covered for 3 years, but I will never get this again.
Today, I had the Skyla inserted in me. it took about 10-15 mins to insert, the insertion was uncomfortable and had about two pinches that lasted one second that hurt, but nothing unbearable. I 'm bleeding a little tonight but my doctor said that is normal from the insertion. after the insertion I got white in my face, hot, and uncomfortable because my cramping was awful. My doctor wouldn 't let my drive so my mom had to pick me up. My doctor gave me a heating pad, ibuprofen and water before I left. I went home and took about an hour long nap and felt so much better when I woke up. I took it easy for the rest of the day and haven 't had cramps but in still bleeding a little. hopefully I won 't have anymore side effects
My daughter has had over 6 ear infections, only being 22 months old. She took amox for all of them but it just didn 't work. Dr gave her cefdinir (however it 's spelt), and I 'm pretty sure it hasn 't worked.... Gives her red diarrhea, and horrible diaper rash, and she itches that area quite a bit.... She 's getting tubes put in next week so hopefully that ends this horror!!
I have very moderate/sporadic acne (primarily hormonal). My derm prescribed Aczone as more of a preventative treatment for those hormonal flare ups. At first, it appeared as though Aczone was helping the few pimples I had on my chin and T-zone, however, tt ended up clogging my pores really badly (cheeks and forehead). I stuck it out for 2 weeks, using as prescribed, and ultimately had to ditch it. Sad because I really wanted to love Aczone!
I am a 24 year old mother of 1. I 've had my Mirena for about for 3 yrs and 6 months. Insertion was a little painful just a few minor cramps then I was fine right after. I bled for 3 months straight after but my period only came back every 3-4 months after that. During the second year I still spotted every 3-4 months but no major bleeding. My period has yet to stop altogether but the spotting does not bother me just the irregularity of it. I have experienced slight hair loss and weight gain. But my biggest problem would be the bacteria infections. I never experienced them until after I had Mirena. My doctors said its just my body 's way to react to it. I get about 4-6 a year but besides those side effects I have not been pregnant.
Hi AllJust starting my second day on Paroxatine and all I can say  so far was that yesterday (my first day) was hell.... Very strange and uneasy and also very nervous . Hope today gets better..Bye.
I have been on Avonex for 1 month. I chose it due to the injections once a week. I do not even feel the needle or medication go in.  I do ice the area well for 3 minutes and make sure the alcohol dries completely before injecting with the smaller needle. Each week the side effects have been easier but they are still quite strong.  I do sleep 8 hours after the injection but wake feeling like I did not sleep at all and like I was run over by  a truck until about 20 hours after the injection.  It has taken 3 days to get my energy back so far.  However I do notice that my Multiple Sclerosis symptoms have improved and I have had feeling in my left foot for the first time since my first attack 3 months ago so that makes it worth sticking with for now.
I have been using this for about one year now but I don 't like it. I have gained over 56 pounds and have had really bad back pain and my husband says I have become really hormonal. I don 't think this is a bad birth control but I don 't think it is the one for me.
Geodon has been working but not without it 's side effects.  I have been on it for over 2 weeks now and having issues.  Get very tired during the day but up at night. Have the shakes, my eyes blink a lot.  My anxiety is up and I can not take my xanax, even 0.25mg makes me very sleepy.  It does help stabilize mood but I also do not have a thyroid so my system is very sensitive to side effects.
i have been taking strattera or atomoxetine for about 7 years now. i used to have to skip school because i would wake up and eat and take the pill and while later throw up and feel sick for the whole day. i dealt with this for a year or two. after a change in dosage things got better, it does seem to help me concentrate. but now i 'm constantly getting sick. I can barely eat without getting sick. As my body is maturing the pill seems to start having bad reactions again. Im not sure the benefit outweighs the issues, i cant stand being sick. After 7 years of messing with this drug to try to get it to work properly I 've decided to switch.
The medicine seems to be working, but I feel gassy, feel sick, have back pains and loss of appetite. Had a headache for a couple of days but that went away. 5 more days until I 'm done and I can 't wait!
Started Invokana(300x1) and Janumet(1000x2) 1 week, my A1C was a 15.2. I am not overweight 5&quot;6 123Lbs, but I have a Hypothyroid issue. I am not sure which one or even both are causing the side effects but any help with regards to the nausea and stomach pain would be greatly appreciated. My numbers are better, I was in the high 400 's and now in the last week I haven 't gone over 149.
I have been on Lotrel for 3 weeks and I 'm having several side effects. I 'm very lethargic, no energy (no energy to exercise), I even fall asleep an hour after taking the medicine, depressed, my head tingles, my fasting glucose has risen at least 10 points and the worst is I have gained 15 pounds! I had lost 30lbs and maintained since August. It was difficult and the weight loss was slow. My eating hasn 't increased. My husband agrees. Morbid obesity can raise your blood pressure. This medicine is pulling my blood pressure down but the side effects are essentially making things worse. This medication isn 't a good fit for me.
My stomach feels like it is going to pop.  I don 't feel like eating because I am so bloated.  Just trying to get through the last 2 days.  It did stop my toothache!
This medicine helped with my cough but keeps me wired and wide awake and all I want to do is sleep because I am miserable. The pharmicist said it should help me sleep but apparently it has the opposite effect on me.
I wish i was told what would happen!!!The wonder drug. No depression. Little anxiety. Seemed like my problems were fixed with one little wonder pill. 50mg pristiq a day...Its been 8 months and i barely feel anything. This is no way to live life. Sure, im not as suisidal, not as anxious, not as depressed and im not flipping my lid every other day but i am numb, bored, barely characteristic, i dont find joy often nor do i care to create it. This is no quick fix!!Also, in that 8 months i have gone from 57kg to 66kg. Not a welcomed weight gain! Sex life is shit, affecting my relationship as my needs and wants have changed to nearly not caring wether i have it or not.But the worst part, IS MISSING A DOSE! I cant funtion without it..
I loved this thing. I kept it for a year. I suffer from endometriosis, and this little dude kept me almost period free. I would have a period for a couple of weeks every few months, but it was very light spotting with absolutely no cramps. Switching from the pill to this was seamless, and I loved it. Insertion didn 't hurt, and the bruise after didn 't either. However, over the course of the year I had it, I gained almost 25 pounds with no lifestyle changes, and my breasts constantly hurt and change sizes. I have bad acne which isn 't really new, but still inconvenient. I 've had unprotected sex at least three times a week since I got it, and haven 't gotten pregnant or really worried about it. The weight gain and sore breasts are really enough.
This is my first time taking a mental medicine and this is my second day. Ive been pulling my hair for about 9year. Never thought it was a disorder until my mom told me. I had the urge to pull my hair but after i took one, the urge stopped. But my teeth and my hands shivers time to time. My stomach feels like its twisted and feels like something is stuck in my throat. I also cant feel excited like before and when i try to do something fun, i get bored right away. My doctor told me to take 1/2 of the medicine for the first week, and then one whole after. I got 20mg tablets. Taking 10mg and feeling that my interests lost, im really scared. If i take the whole medicine, what will happen to me? Im not sure if this medicine is good for me but ill continue taking them. Plus, my mom is really happy that im taking it.
I got it June 2nd. Started spotting June 26th. It is now 3 weeks later and I 'm still bleeding. It is annoying as heck. I have no desire for sex. If I get too hungry I start feeling super dizzy. The headaches are out of this world. I am so moody I just want to curse my boyfriend out all the time and he is the nicest person in the world. I don 't know if I can take a full 6 months of this. It is great not having to take a pill but geez... I 'll update in another month or so I guess!
I was recently diagnosed with narcolepsy and started on Provigil.  I started with 100 mg in the morning and then 100 or 150 mg in the afternoon.  The first few days I was a little dizzy at first, a little nauseous, lost my appetite, had a mild headache every night (ibuprofen took care of that), and tense jaw/neck muscles.  It was working great, but once I started classes (i.e., inactivity), I was falling asleep sometimes before my noon dose, and everyday around 6pm or 8pm.  So, my doctor upped it to 200 in the morning and 200 after noon.  For all 3 days of it, I was awake, only crashing around 8pm, but I was having problems with my memory and concentration. Just switched to Ritalin. 
Diagnosed with generalized anxiety disorder I was very hesitant at the start to try medications and thought I 'll battle through with the help of therapy. 3 months later I gave in for medication. Couldn 't get through a day without my anxiety being an obstacle. Was prescribed Zoloft for the first time at 25mg. For the first week things were fine just the usual upset stomach and dry mouth nothing I couldn 't handle but surprisingly it made me depressed (never was) but anxiety DID settle a little (hence 5/10). Then was pushed up to 50mg... the upset stomach stopped the dry mouth decreased but restlessness and insomnia kicked in including the zombie feeling. This went on for over 2 weeks but had to stop, it was affecting my work. Withdrawal symptoms, depression.
My son is 8 and we just started this medication. Started at 10mg and it was not enough so we went up to 20mg a few days later. His teacher noticed right away that things were better at school, but at home he was a nightmare. Very emotional when coming off medicines in the afternoon. We got a booster of Ritalin but now he is not sleeping. I am going to try Concerta again to see if we can get rid of the emotional outbursts.
My daughter is 9. She has been taking Focalin for 1 year now and she is alarmingly thin. The doctor suggests that we should just feed her more food when she wants to eat. My daughter has always been a thin girl but now she looks sick, but on the up side this medication works well with her ADHD. She can focus and she even has friends now that she is not hitting people. My daughter is actually pretty smart but you would have never knew this before Focalin.
I went on this jab when I was 18 back in July 2008 to stop me getting pregnant (me and my boyfriend don 't want kiddies yet) and it 's not a bad jab actually.. of course you have to give it 2 weeks for it to kick in after your 1st jab, but it 's ok. I 've only had a few side effects.. I get headaches sometimes, I 've put a little weight on (not too much), a few spots and my periods are affected.. my last one lasted 36 days and it finished yesterday thank goodness!! So it affects different people in different ways and I had another shot yesterday. So it 's ok.. I don 't like the periods that come and go but never mind.. it works wonders!
While my pain subsided, the side effects were awful. My tongue swelled up, I gained 4 pounds in a week, and am seriously retaining water. I got the okay from my doctor to discontinue yesterday and am looking forward to feeling normal again. Not worth the side effects, in my opinion. I 'd rather take ibuprofen.
I just started lolo 2 weeks ago and so far, I 've gained a significant amount of weight. I have a fast metabolism so anything I eat gets shredded off the next day.  On this birth control, I went from 100lbs to (currently) 112lbs. I will continue to stay on it to see if it 'll balance out but if the weight increases more, I will be stopping.
I 've been on birth control for 10 years and had to switch to a progestin version due to high blood pressure.. I had NO problems with my previous birth control, however with Camila I have not stopped spotting since I started it a month and a half ago. I 've had headaches almost every day, and hormonal acne has increased (chin and forehead) also my hair has been falling out in clumps! I 've never heard of this before and I 'm so frustrated. You have to take it at the same time every day too. I 'm stopping it today.
I started latuda about 2 weeks ago and am taking the 80 mg So far I have not noticed much change at all. I feel a bit more happy during the day but not much. However, debating on if I should stop taking it due to the horrific side effects I am having. It makes me feel over tired. You know that feeling you get when your to drunk? You wanna go to sleep but your to dizzy and feel like throwing up? It feels like that. Also I become very weak and can hardly pick up anything. I 'm hoping these side effects will pass so I can start to understand if it is working for me or not.
I 'm 17 years old and have been taking Keppra for three years now. Keppra has stopped my seizures except on 3 occasions where I missed a dose. Although it works very well I have been experienceing some side affects including moodiness, iritability, anger, rage, confusion and hallucinations. Although I have side effects, I like the overall results of being a well kid.
Used the patch while on a trip overseas, where I would be on a boat, and also being driven around.  I get sea sick and car sick.  This worked well for the most part, but had blurry vision and light sensitivity. I did have the patch fall off a few times while showering, and replaced them right away.  I used this for a 14 day trip.  I stopped after the area became irritated, on day 10, and the area is still slightly swollen.
I was put on 300 mg at bedtime for better sleep with spinal pinched nerve, along with chiropractor care. At first the sleep effect was awesome - no crazy dreams like trazadone, and no super quick tolerance built like ambien, just good and regular sleep. However, after a month and going up to 600mg for nerve pain it bizarrely started to cause insomnia! The worst part about this med is the brain-erasing characteristic. I thought ambien damaged my memory, but this far surpassed that because it lasted in the day to the point where I couldn 't remember where things were or what day it was. My father takes it for spinal stenosis too and has no issues. Also, the posts about withdrawal syndrome are very real! It was hard to wean off.
I went on this pill last year and it was amazing. my skin was always clear it i did gain some weight. I got off of the pill for a couple months and lost the weight but I started breaking out so I went back on the pill to regulate my period and stress.. this time I hate it!! I have terrible constipation and got terrible acne all over my body out of nowhere !!! I never had body acne until I started taking this pill again. waiting a couple more weeks to see if things get better but of not i 'm definitely switching.
My urologist suggested that I try 5 mg. Cialis daily for BPH (enlarged prostate). He gave me a two week supply to see if I would incur any side effects. He did make it very clear that treatment for BPH requires about a month 's regular use of the 5 mg. daily dose. From the first day onward, I experienced significant heartburn, which was easily remedied by taking a dose of Zantac with the Cialis and a Zantac, 12 hours later. On the 5th day of Cialis, I experienced excruciating muscle pain starting with my lower back, into the buttocks, and legs. At the ER I was informed that between 5-7% of Cialis users will experience this and to stop using Cialis immediately.
This medication DID eventually help with the migraines BUT I started losing cognitive skills.  I lost my ability to process thoughts, complete sentences, was even being lost in the place I lived for 35 years.  I was very scared.  My mind was clouded all the time.  The Doctor thought I was possibly having a break down due to stress. At his same time I had been battling continual Urinary Tract Infections.  The Doctor immediately took me off of this drug and everything is coming back to normal!  I was told this is a VERY common side effect and eventually I would probably have had kidney stones also.  
Got it inserted (whitch pinched but didnt really hurt. Did get very light headed) the beginning of may. Its now august and still bleeding followed by smelly odor. Check out and they said things r fine. Ontop of the bleedig and oder ive had hair loss and brusing out of nowhere. Trying to hang in until the full 3 months. Im hoping this will go away as i have tried other methods that i cant keep up with (pills, condoms ect)
I had the Implanon inserted in Dec 2009.  I loved it until recently, and I still recommend it over the IUD.  But now my side effects are to great for my body and mind to handle.  Since I got it I have had maybe 5 periods but this year I have had 2 and they were regular and right on time.  I suffer from horrible PMS symptoms and I got them all the last two months. Since November of last year I have become horribly depressed and my anxiety is through the roof. I believe that all my &quot;issues&quot; are side effects of this birth control, and I think that the reduction in hormones released is probably the cause.  I am getting it removed ASAP, but still think that this could work for some or for a shorter 2 year window verses the 3 year they say.
Im 20 year old female, So far I 'm only on day 3. I had diarrhea, nausea, headache, heart burn, and numb hands at night. Also bruised easier. Tastes horrible! I don 't feel any relief I have 6 more days to go. :(
The main reason I started using this medicine was because of my acne. I am on my 3rd month of this medicine and nothing. I was so hopeful that this would clear my skin up or that I would see some type of improvement by now. There is a little difference...my acne is worse at times than it was before!!! So far I am very unsatisfied with this medicine. Birth Control is my last option for treating my acne. I went to the dermatologist for years and NOTHING. This was my last hope, and I seemingly no longer have any hope for clearing my skin. The only side effect I have gotten while being on this Birth Control is that my boobs grew like 2 sizes which I personally hate. I liked having small boobs. Im giving it 3 more months then Im switching,
Diagnosed with Bipolar twenty two years ago. Treated initially with lithium and Carbamazepine. I stopped taking everything and existed for years. Extremely bad depression last fall which left me a total shell without memory, emotion, feeling.  I am now starting on lamictal as it is time for me to live again rather than exist. Thank you all for your feedback. I am actually looking forward to starting this drug and will keep you updated x
Been on for 1 month down 10 lbs.
I 've been on 50 mg 1-2 tabs every 6 hours.  Started approximately two months ago.  The first 4-5 weeks were great.  No more pain but now suddenly, major side effects have kicked in.  Migraine type headaches, rapid heartbeats, occasional anxiety attacks and definitely insominia (even with taking an Ambien). I 'm beginning to wonder if the side effects will ever go away. Doctor says hang in there, everyone reacts differently, however my side effects seem to be getting worse instead of better.  Haven 't been able to get out of bed for the last 4 days.  I don 't understand why this is happening.  
I found my experience on Pristiq to be similar to when I was on Effexor XR.  They are very similar medicines.  I switched to Pristiq after I wasn 't getting the relief from depression and anxiety anymore on Lexapro and Xanax.  Unfortunately, I 've had to discontinue the Pristiq after about 6 months.  It does help with depression but it was making me easily agitated/irritable and I 've had considerable weight gain.  I would take it in the morning and often have thoughts of suicide by the time i went to bed.  I have switched back to Lexapro but just added Wellbutrin XL and switched my anxiolytic to longer acting Klonopin.  I 've read this is a great combo and hope it works! Good luck everyone.
I am giving it a 5 for now. I am only on day number 6. The first day I felt horrible. Second day to the 5th day I had zero side effects. Today I am dizzy headed and just feel off. Around the 4th-5th day I noticed I was craving sweets in the afternoons. I 'm hoping the sweets craving in the afternoons will go away after I start taking the second pill in the evenings. I 'm not giving up on this pill as I would love to have help losing weight. I am currently 186. My next doctor 's appointment is on May 9th. I 'll update then!
Me &amp; my guy friend ended up having sex yesterday..I 'm 19 and this was the first time for me and second time for him. We were dumb not to use a condom, after he ejactulated we laid down for about 5mins and started again. Well he still had cum on him the second go around, after I went home I started thinking and flipped out. He thought I was on birth control, and I 'm not. Thankfully I had cash on me enough to buy plan b. I have no clue if it has worked yet, but I pray that it does! I made a big mistake, and I 'm way too young to have kids especially being a college student. Wish me luck guys, &amp; pray for me!
Been taking for 10 mths. I went from every 15 min. urges to (on average) 1.5-2.0 hrs. It 's much better, yes. But even though, getting up 4-5 times a night is not ideal. Side effects: 2 nose bleeds so far after 6 mth mark. No big deal. Constipation, (can be taken care of with stool softeners, when needed) had dry mouth, but has subsided almost completely. During the few weeks of taking this medication symptoms seemed to get worse. But it got much better after 6-8 weeks. I take it at 6-7pm. Doesn 't make me sleepy or keep me awake. I hope to God, there will be another drug in the near future that will be better than what 's out there now, and hopefully less expensive.
After 6 days on this pill my family noticed a calmer me. I haven 't experience any anxiety episodes but I have noticed I 'm a bit foggy and forgetful. I 'm sure it 's going to take a while before my body gets used to the medication. For the most part I feel like it 's doing a positive impact in my life. Also having a harder time to fall asleep hopefully that changes soon.
I had a hysterectomy in 2002 and went on hormones for a few years, then quit and had no problems.  This year night sweats started really bad, waking 5-10 times a night.  This drug stopped the night sweats within 3 days, but depression, no motavation, being tired all day and being very irratable I made the decision to wean myself off after 3 weeks.  Now after 5 days off I am beginning to feel human again.  Side effects weren 't worth it for me.
This is the second time in my life of having a YI from antibiotics. The first time I used this product it worked great. This time I 'm on day four and I 'm still itching and burning like crazy. It 's 3 am I can 't sleep. Seriously about to shove some ice in there! What the hell!
I 've been on the shot since April now that I have my second shot. I spotted blood a few times but now there 's constant bleeding.
It works, didn 't get pregnant for the full 3 years, however, I had some mood swings from hell, headaches, anxiety, depression, dryness, and little to no sex drive. I didn 't gain a lot a weight (maybe a couple of pounds). However everyone is different so side effects can be different.
Not able to determine true effectiveness because within a week of starting it caused severe nose bleeds so had to discontinue use. 
Dizziness ... not given full information about medication from physician ... should have done my own medication search on Internet
I havent been on bc since I was 18 I 'm on it now and I 'm 29. I have stomach pain a lot I 've been on it for 3 months so I 'm hoping my body is still adjusting. Other than that cheap price and no other problems.
I 'm sticking it out with Lyza though most times I don 't know why. Everyone is different. So don 't go crazy reading all these reviews. Try it and figure out for yourself if it is good for you or not. Unfortunately besides an IUD or a baby this is my only option for birthcontrol. I have had very irregular bleeding. The spotting is enough to drive anyone crazy. My boobs hurt like crazy sometimes. I feel pregnant but I am not. Maybe that 's how this pill works I don 't know. Also I scoured the reviews so don 't know if any one has had this experience but I have had lite bleeding during/after sex. Figure out what 's good for you. I wouldn 't recommend this pill if you have other options.
Im 19 and have been having heavy and painful periods since forever! I got my depo shot last month and I spotted yesterday at school. I was with my boyfriend but glad i took a good shower that he didn 't notice...i hope!!! But same thing happened today morning too!! All that 's happening is my head is hurting alittle but it started of brownish to a proper red. I really hope its not for long!!!! But in terms of weight gain, i have been eating alotttt more and my mood is a bit harder to control. I wont take the shot anymore, ill go for the pill but I would recommend dealing with the cramps and flow unless the doctor says something
After the first week I felt more cheerful and energetic.  After one month I completely lost my craving for cigarettes. (I was a social smoker, maybe would have five a week.  But when I wanted one the cravings were intense).    However my blood pressure was elevated  157/110. (I am on lisinopril-HCTZ for that). My sister was sure the bupropion was causing my high blood pressure. After a couple of weeks my smoking cravings came back and my blood pressure was still elevated so I went back on bupropion.  Second time around I am super cranky and have a heightened sense of smell, but still crave cigarettes.
The medication was very effective, however, the excruciating pain I experienced while taking the medication was not fun experience. I took two tablets at 9:00 a.m. Two hours passed and I didnt feel anything. Then it hit just about noon and I started getting terrible stomach cramps. If you are a first time user take one.
Mine is covered by medicare part d through bc/bs rx prem for $2.00 for 60 pills.  Fair results.
Enjoying the idea of the Mirena more than having it at the moment. Got it inserted on 10th September 2014 the day that my period finished and have had a heavy period ever since. It 's great to not take a pill every day and sex isn 't painful as I worried, although there isn 't any need to worry because the bleeding is preventing that from happening. I just really hope it settles down and that the bleeding stops. Very jealous of everyone who only had a day or two of spotting.
I 've only been on falmina for 3 months and I 'm on the fence about it. I 'm having abnormal periods. They last almost two weeks now. My period comes the last week of the active pills and will last almost all 14 days. Acne hasn 't been that bad so far but the nausea is pretty terrible. Doctor said to give it at least 6 months so we will see.
I just had my Implanon removed after 2 years. I loved not having a period and not having to worry about pregnancy. However, I did have mood swings and even though I work out every day and eat healthy, I always seemed to stay the same weight. I used to blame the mood swings on the situations that stressed me. However, I came to realize I was not thinking clearly. I traced it all back to 2 years ago. Since the Implanon my depression from my younger years crept back in and I had to seek treatment. I don 't want to totally knock the Implanon.
After taking cough DM I have experienced extreme diarrhea and it is very unpleasant I have not taken cough DM on an empty stomach although I had taken it in the morning and it is giving me the same experience every time
This is the first birth control I 've taken. I got really nauseous from it the first day. My breasts have gotten larger and I took it the day of my period and it only lasted for 2 days. I have been pretty moody as well but I think its all just my adjusting to the pill.
My acne was really bad I took some tablets and then that cleared my skin from acne but not the spots so I went to my docter and she gave me this. I 'm still using it butIi can see a lot of improvment thank you DUAC
I have been on the patch for over 4 years. No babies so it has done it 's job on that matter. Never had any issues with skin irritation where the patch is applied. When I first started the patch I had the worse acne of my life on my face for a couple weeks. Boobs definitely got bigger and more sensitive.I have noticed (and those close to me have noticed) that I have been experiencing bad mood swings lately and have been super emotional for almost the last 6 months. The patch is the only thing I can narrow it down to. Has anyone else had reactions after being on it for so long?
I took this medication starting in August. I stopped because my hair was falling out. I 'm 20 years old and I 've lost most of my hair now. I had to go get it cut to my shoulders in hopes it would look better but if doesn 't. I began taking topamax to help with my migraines and I dropped a lot of weight. I lost 20 lbs over the course of 8 months. I now weigh 136lbs and sort of want to continue because I love the fact that I 'm losing all this weight but I know it 's bad for me as I am now getting addicted. I 've been off the medication for about 2 months and my migraines are returning. I don 't want to continue taking it because of my hair loss but I am not sure what to do. I tried taking medicine for hair, skin &amp; nails to help but it didn 't work.
2 hours after taking flagyl 500mg, menses bleeding started. My period wasn 't due for 10 days and I 'm pretty regular. The blood was bright red and heavier than my usual period. This is the second time this has happened after taking one dose.
I just got Skyla today and the insertion was a little weird. The cramping was only slightly worse than my usual period cramps, but they didn 't last for nearly as long. The dr did give me an ibuprofen which seemed to help later on. I was able to go to work just a few hours after my appointment. I did have some spotting but a panty liner was all I needed. My dr said to wait up to 4 weeks for it to be 100% effective and to not use tampons for about 2 months or until the strings coil behind the cervix(she said tampons could accidentally pull it out it misplace it if it got tangled in the tampon) Hopefully it 's worth the wait and 2 months of pads in the summer! The upside was my insurance completely covered skyla. Way less worrisome than a pill.
works about the same as Lortab and Vicodan
I started Victoza 6 weeks ago and lost 5 quick pounds. I have not lost a siongle pound since. I am on 1.2 plus 5 clicks on the pen. Has anyone else experienced no weight loss. My sugars are about 120 to 115. 
I 'm only on day 7 of this medication so too early to tell but I 'm am experiencing severe nausea as expected 
This is my first experience with birth control, and I have only been using NuvaRing for one month. Putting it in is very easy, and I did not feel it at all. It never slipped out or shifted positions. Not having to worry about it every day is a huge plus. It wasn 't until the end of the third week that I had sex with it in, and although my boyfriend nor I could feel it during sex I found that I was not as aroused as I normally get. This led to much less natural lubrication. I also found that I was not as sensitive to touch or sexual pleasure. Post sex I found I was prone to diarrhea which is not normal for me. Those were my only side effects though. 
Started on Med August 7th. This is my second full week. First day I had a really dry mouth after that no side effects. I 'm not really hungry and don 't crave chocolate or anything as a matter of fact. No weight loss yet but it is still a very early use for me. Price was $290 and my insurance covered it all which is a blessing. Will weigh on Aug 21st.
Was using this for achilles micro tears from playing tennis, also tennis elbow-tendonitis. Side effect was blistering on the skin for treatment of achilles injury, no side effects for tennis elbow problem.
This is my first time on BC so I don&rsquo;t really have anything to compare it to. It made me throw up when I first started taking it but I found that if I took it at night with food I had no problems with getting sick. Helped my acne a ton! Did get pretty crazy mood swings though.
I connect so much with &quot;Frustrated Fenway Fan&quot; 's post..I have almost disabling anxiety. I started having panic attacks at eleven years old.....I am now 33. The entire time I was treated with Xanax which I NEVER once abused...my former doctor abruptly stopped prescribing it to me because he caught wind that I had spent a year and a half fighting an opiate addiction, Suboxone saved my life...but although that is all in the past and I don 't even take that medication anymore....it is on my medical history! Now.NO ONE will prescribe me any sort of benzodiazepine. I have just been prescribed Buspar. I pray it works. I just want my life back.
I been taking Fortesta for a week, I can say my mood has been better but still feel drained. I hope that this really works for me due to the fact I lost my wife and kids over me not being me.
I 've been in this pill for 6 months and it 's the worst. I get 2 periods a month, super emotional, terrible cramps and crazy mood swings. It 's good at preventing pregnancy but I definitely would not recommend.
The product reconstitutes more easily than human-derived plasma.  The effective dose for me is higher than than of the human  factor.  The dosages per vial are convenient.  Because it carries no risk of human blood-borne disease, I would recommend it 's use over human-derived factor.Because Wyeth has a captive consumer, I believe the product is extremely over-priced. 
I was prescribed this drug for occasional anxiety issues, related to pressure at work. I took it during an extremely stressful time where I experienced extraordinary anxiety. The first day it helped me quite a lot, by taking away the negative feeling in my chest and making me more relaxed and social. Later in the day, it made me very awake, without impairing my sleep. I took it for another 4-5 days every day in 2.5-10mg to try with different dosage. The positive impact faded and I got serious problems with side effects. I could hardly sleep any longer and the combination with diphenhydramin (sleeping pill) made it even worse, by excessively reducing my heart rate and respiratory condition. The last 2 days i hardly slept, due to  'hypnic jerks
I have been on this pill for 3 months and I have suffered every side effect. The only reason I continue to take it is because of the low hormone levels. I have headaches with neurological symptoms, change in appetite, my breast were enlarged for 2 months then went down to normal size. I 'm also suffering from depression and I lost my sex drive as well as I can 't climax. My skin looks better.
I have been on Gianvi for about 1 month and a half and it 's great. I haven 't gotten pregnant, but I have noticed my appetite change. I don 't want to eat the food I used to love, but it 's definitely helping me lose weight and this is ALWAYS good.
Lots of side effects like drowsiness, headache, nausea and constipation.
I have been taking Nuvigil for a little over a month now.  At first I took 150mg.  It worked for 3 days and then I went back to being exhausted.  My doctor bumped the dosage to 250mg and it has been working a lot better.  Thing is I can still feel episodes of sleepiness coming on later in the afternoon and have been adding caffeine but I think its bringing on the side effects like jitteryness, nausea, fogginess, extreme dry mouth and an uncomfortable feeling in my jaw and the back of my neck.  I do not like the side effects and I am now trying to cut back on the caffiene hoping it will help.  Going to add Xyrem to my treatment to see if it will fix me.
Six weeks in on this stuff and I can 't say I 've noticed a massive difference. For one day I had euphoria, everything seemed OK again, my problems seemed a challenge and I was filled with joy from &quot;waking up&quot; from a fearful monochrome life. Then after that initial carefree break I was mostly back to normal with slightly less depression. I 'm staying as positive as I can though, crying less, feeling less overwhelmed and battling things that make me uncomfortable. Avoiding 30mg for as long as I can. Seretonergic drugs = tired and transiently  'drunk '/disconnected, at least for me. For now, 15mg is my crutch for getting through the day. Things suck ever so slightly less now.
I am a male age 30 and I was diagnosed with Pan Colitis 3 years ago. Once I changed my diet (no lactose, less fast food, no sodas) it has seemed to be only confined to my left side. I have had a few flare ups each year but have always used prednisone each time. This works great for my UC but makes me a grump, I gain weight, get acne, etc. Each time (3-4 times) I have tried Asacol or Lialda it flushes out my colon with severe diarrhea to the point it is fluid only and each time I have stopped taking it because of the adverse reactions. Currently I am in a flare to the point of seeing blood and I do not want to have to start on prednisone again. So now I am on day 5 of taking Lialda and the diarrhea has been less each day. Hopefully I will stop seeing blood soon.
I too progressed from Gabapentin to Lyrica, 100mg 3x a day. I have chemically-induced neuropathy from 6 months of chemo.  My hands and feet are numb, tingling, like they are asleep.  Lyrica is supposed to be an advanced form of the Gabapentin, though I have seen little difference.  I have increased appetite and some swelling in my hands and ankles.  I continue using Lyrica because I need something for the hot shooting pain.  This was the last med prescribed for my neuropathy.
I 'm on my first cycle.  I usually do not have problems with acne but with Quasense, have at least one pimple all the time.  When one clears, another one shows up.  I 'm currently in the week with inactive pills and have noticed no new pimples this week.  Also, the first month and a half was okay, but then started spotting everyday that lasted until my period came during the inactive pills, so continuous spotting for 6 weeks.  Will try Trinessa next.  
Took Mucinex at 5 in the afternoon. Around 8 took my night meds, Next morning stumbling around, Body felt like it was flooded with heat-chest and arm pains. Had myself checked out and was ok. Pulled up website to get complete list of medicines not to take it with and found my answer there. If you have access to the internet I would put the OTC medicine in and get a complete list of what not to take it with.
I am on Ronexa 1000mg since 1 year now. I still have pain in chest and arm, plus serious constipation and terible memory Los it 's short term memory loss I am talking.Like going for glass of water from fridge and forget half the way why I walk upto there.
I took 2 Advil for 5 yrs to alleviate arthritis pain.  My hip/groin pain got so bad, I finally went to see a Doc.  He prescribed Celebrex..  It works GREAT for my hands.... but not my hip. Someone suggested taking Tylenol WITH the Celebrex -- MUCH better results. I take l,000 mg of Tylenol and 200 mg Celebrex, daily.  I hope by Summer the heat will help my arthritis and I can cut back on the Tylenol.  Celebrex is very expensive. I wish the results had been a lot better for me but as a professional pianist, I 'm SO grateful that it works great on my hands.
Gabapentin tends to dull the sharp pains of peripheral neuropathy, but it doesn 't actually get rid of pain. That said, the more generalized sensation can make it easier to do ADL tasks  as needed, since you *might* be able to feel other things in the same area as the neuropathic pain. That said, mine is related to MS... on bad days, it seems the Gabapentin does nothing at all.
I started taking birth control for acne a month ago and felt as if my anxiety had only gotten worse. After talking to my doctor she recommended I try a low dose of Zoloft. I 've been on the medication for a week and have had 2 panic attacks. One yesterday as my plane was taking off. The most embarrassing experience ever! The flight attendants had to get me a bag to throw up in and had ice over the back of my neck. Today I am feeling exhausted and with down. I have read there are serious side effects within the first 2 weeks of taking this medication so I 'm hoping I start to feel better. I am def. cutting out any coffee, energy drinks or alcohol.
The only reason I would rate this a 5 is because it has prevented pregnancy, but since I started Gianvi 6 months ago I have been depressed, irritable, angry, unmotivated, and absolutely NO SEX DRIVE.  This may be why this pill works so well.
Read these reviews ...  &quot;I will be fine.  These things won 't happen to me ...&quot;. Horrible tasting !  Got 1st bottle down.  Put some lemon juice I. It.  Boy, you had better be agile, after u take this.  Took an hour to start, but THEN .. hardly any warning and then run to bathroom. This is way it continued for 1.5 hr and then pretty much let up, so I guess that part good.  And after 1 bottle it was 90% good.  Managed to get 1/2 bottle down in morn. BUT, could just not do any more ..YUCK 
I 've taken plan B in the past. Always worked! Minimal side effects . Well not this time. I had unprotected sex and the guy ejeculated in me. I was on the pill but wasn 't taking it at the same time everyday. I took the plan be 24 hours after sex. The first 6 days I experienced a DRASTIC change in my emotional state. I felt sad and depressed every day! It was hard to be my usual cheery self! If felt like a cloud over my head that I couldn 't get rid of. By the 7th day.I woke up to pain in my lower stomach and cramping in my back . I wanted to vomit and did several times with hot flashes and chills right after. Soon after my period started but the cramps and sick feeling did not go away! I was in bed all day. It works but can make you sick !!
I 've been taking Qsymia for 6 days now, and I feel the random tingling feeling and numbness, with that being said, I 've lost about 4 pounds so far without changes to my lifestyle. Foods do taste different. Sodas taste like metal, rice and bread taste like cardboard, and anything other than a salad, lean grilled, broiled or steamed meats or fruits taste rather nasty. One thing is for sure, AVOID ANY DRINK WITH ASPARTAME IN IT, it will give you a monster headache and really make the tingling numb feeling really noticeable. I thought I was going to die...my head and my eyes hurt so bad. Dropped the sparkling flavored water, and diet sodas, and feeling awesome. Will update in a few weeks with progress!
I was sober for three years and it was great.  During that time I got my bachelors degree, was promoted in the military, and lost 50 pounds.  Then out of nowhere I relapsed.  I kept drinking for about 11 months and realized I was spiralling out of control again.  Gaining weight, lost motivation, decreased work efficiency, staying in bed all day.  I went to my doctor and told him I wanted to quit and he prescribed me 25mg librium for four days.  First day 2 pills every six hours, second day 1 pill every six hours, third day 1 pill every 12 hours, last day 1 pill before bedtime.  I can 't say these made me feel much better, maybe slightly, but what they did help me do was sleep AMEN...that is always the worst!  I 've been sober for a week again!
15mg per night cleared my depression up almost straight away. Not so reliable for the main issue (insomnia); Sometimes it works straight away an I sleep for nine hours straight and feel fine the next day. Sometimes it just puts me into a half-asleep  trance in bed for a couple of hours and then I  'come to ' and have to try and go to sleep all over again. Sometimes I feel incredibly sedated until the following afternoon. Sometimes I need half a zopiclone on top of this to nod off. Depression: 10/10. Insomnia: ??/10.
Ok so I 'm 21 just so everyone knows. I 'm taking this medication for 7 days at 500mg twice a day. It 's been pretty rough the first tablet I was so tired, sensitive to light, super sick, headache, chills that felt like a fever, sweating, no sleep. The second and third day all the crazy symptoms went away and now I 'm seeing dark urine (which is gone if I drink more water than usual,) a horrible metallic taste in my mouth, no appetite, I 'm super bloated (the kind that you can 't suck in if you know what I mean it 's almost like my stomach is swollen,) and I feel so nauseous it 's awful. These are the symptoms I have right now and they 're honestly awful I also still get cold at night. I 'm on day 3 and I literally can 't wait to finish this medication.
I would NOT recommend taking this medication for longer than a few weeks for insomnia. It works amazingly well at first, but then, over the course of time, you will need to up the dosage to get the same result. Over time, you will find that the medication makes you groggy and can cause weight gain. Then, when you try to get off, it is very, very hard. I was only on 50mgs for 6 months, and it has taken 2 months for my sleep to occur naturally more than in 2 hour increments. Overall it made my insomnia worse.
I was prescribed Atarax for my anxiety and to wean off Klonopin. It worked well at first but I have found that I 've built a tolerance. One 50mg pill the first day helped, the next day I need two 50mg pills and now after 2 weeks in up to 200mg and it is no longer controlling my panic or anxiety.
Recently was told I needed both knees replaced but should try 4 Orthovisc injections. Had 3 so far beginning 3 weeks ago. First shot alleviated severe day to day walking pain. Am waiting to see if my condition improves much beyond where it is after all 4. Had no pain or swelling with any shots
Been on it for 2 weeks now. I don 't tolerate anything well and the first week I was very nauseous, had a few headaches but nothing I couldn 't handle. Now I 've noticed that I 've gained a pound probably because it seems my boobs exploded. I was already a D and now I 'm sure I 'm at least a DD. Kill me. Other than that my sex drive is fine, maybe a little lower, but not bad. The one thing that I don 't like is I 'm super moody and then I get depressed and wanna eat everything. Also, some days I 'm so tired and don 't wanna do anything.
I was on 100mg of Zoloft and started suffering from severe insomnia after being on it only 2months.  Dr tappered me down to 50 mg and then done in a week,  withdrawls were dinging head, zap and buzzing ears plus severe insomnia.
I started taking Viibryd almost a month ago. I 'm taking the 28th dose tonight. I 've tried Zoloft, Celexa, Paxil and none have worked as good and fast. I noticed changes in the first week. I felt great. No worries no anxiety or depression. About a week ago I started to feel a tingling that would run through my whole body. It would get more intense, the longer I kept my eyes closed.
I was on Exalgo for several years. It gave better pain relief than Morphine but still constipating . During that time I kept having episodes of waking in the middle of the night with a fast heart rate and cold sweats which no one could explain . Then I developed severe abdominal pain and stopped eating with a thirty pound weight loss . While doing a bowel prep. for a colonoscopy I passed five Exalgo &quot; Ghost&quot; tablets in my BMs . ( Ghost tablets are the left over shell of controlled release pills ) . I realized that they were accumulating in my bowels because of my severe constipation. When I changed pain meds the Night Sweats and Tachycardia stopped .
I took 2 Restavit tablets last night at 10pm, fell asleep about 11:30pm. I woke up a few times during the night but fell back asleep easily. It definitely works; great for insomnia but terrible (for me) the morning after. I woke up feeling totally unrefreshed and like a zombie. Had a cup of coffee and still felt that way. I have had to take the day off work as I felt like my ability to work was compromised. I went back to sleep and woke up at 1:30pm. I still have muscle weakness and have had to push myself to cook lunch. Sure, this medication is good for sleep, but the negative side effects lasting most of the next day have defeated the purpose of taking it for me. I will only take one IF I don 't have anything on the next day!
Upset stomach.
I 'm a 24 year old male. I was on Adderall XR 30mg (daily) for around 3-4 years before my Doctor suggested we try Vyvanse. I have always been pleased with Adderall XR and have no complaints about side effects. Vvyanse (60mg daily) worked as advertised for a about 3-4 days. It was like an upgraded Adderall XR (provided a longer half life that is much needed for my schedule of college and work). Unfortunately, the drug drastically lost its effectiveness. The dry mouth was extreme as well. After just 10 days taking 2 at a time had no effect. Went back to adderall xr and I 'm still impressed.
I took Tri Sprintec for a year and though it was effective, the side effects were horrible. One being the fact that I naturally have a heavy and long 7 day period. There was no change in length nor flow of my cycle. The second and worst side effect would be that I was constantly nauseous even after the first three months. The pill changed my taste buds and made eating (something I Love) hell! 
Much foot and leg swelling.  Just finished 9 days hospitalization for pneumonia.   Took steroid for several days after discharge.  As I quit steroid swelling started so I ended up  starting lasix.  Urination every 2 hours.  I have high blood pressure. Atrial fibrulation.  Tremendous sweating.  Edema is  slowly going down.
I 've been on Citalopram for 7 days now.  The first 3 days were really hard.  I had stomach pains and diarrhea. After the 4th day everything started to get better.  I notice I started to become happy. I still have mood swings but they do not last as long.  The only thing that bothers me is that I do not want to work out any more.  I used to work out 2 to 3 times a week.  I hope this changes as I keep taking this.  I really miss working out.
Been on this birth control over a year now and I gained so much weight. Thinking about changing it up. The periods are normal. It 's always 4-5 days regular. I thought I was the only one gaining weight from this birth control.
I first found out I had hypo thyroid 10/24 (OB checked bc I 've been trying to conceive) TSH Level 8.7. After taking 50mg for 1month my TSH level went to 3.0. Unfortunately after that I started getting neg side effects such as constantly sleepy, unfocused &amp; feeling really out of it, slight depression, &amp; exhaustion. I hated it. A friend who was hypothyroid recommended taking Kelp Vitamins for the Iodine. I started taking 25mg Levo &amp; my Kelp Vit daily. Jan 20 TSH was at 3.5 (Dr wanted me to stay on same 50mg prescription but I was still having negative side effects). Also had Vitamin D checked Jan 20 per friend recommendation &amp; found out that was low too. So I STOPPED taking Levo, and ONLY took Vit D &amp; Kelp Vit. Apr 18 levels checked again &amp; TSH was 2.8 HALLELUJAH!
I was prescribed tramadol for chronic lower back pain, it makes me drowsy but the pain is still there. I can 't really describe it, it 's like a sensation of knowing the pain is there but not letting it affect you.
The same doseage taken at the same time each day works sometimes and not others. Not reliable.
When I first started Depo I was bleeding/spotting within the first two shots. After the third there was nothing, but occasional cramps. After taking Depo for a while I began to have back problems, bones sensitive, crazy mood swings, depressed, &amp; gained a little over 20 pounds. Most of the weight was in my stomach area and face! If I Would have gotten my last shot in February it would have been a year of me being on the Depo shot. I loved the fact I didn 't have periods, but I  just couldn 't take it anymore and now I have been off of it for about a week. I have had no period yet, irritation, &amp; a very light pink discharge when I wipe....
I am 14 years old and I am taking this pill for several reasons: acne, bad menstrual cramps and heavy periods. So far it has cleared up my acne way faster then anything else I 've tried, but I am on two other pills for acne as well, so it could be the combined effects. It hasn 't had much of an effect on my period itself, but the cramps are way less. The downside to this medication is that it makes me feel really nauseous. I 've tried taking the pill with a meal or a snack, but nothing helps. This pill makes me vomit if I eat more then a few bites at once. The pill made my breasts grow up a size (which is weird considering the weight loss from not being able to eat). If you 're just looking for a birth control, look elsewhere.
I 'll start with the pros. I 've had Nexplanon for almost 2 years and in terms of effectiveness, it 's amazing. It definitely does its job at preventing pregnancy. I had pretty light periods to begin with, so almost immediately after starting Nexplanon, my period went away completely. I also don 't ever have to worry about taking the pill like I had before, which is great. Now for the cons. Since I 've had Nexplanon, I 've gained a lot of weight. I started at 125 and am now 150. Which is pretty significant, I think. My anxiety has also been off the charts crazy since the first day I got it in. Other than that, I 'd say the pros out weigh the cons but currently I 'm looking into a non-hormonal option just to see if this was truly causing my weight gain
I slept like the dead when I took this which was great cuz I had horrible PPD and hadn 't slept in weeks. But I gained 60 lbs in two months. I would retain so much water I felt like I was going to explode. Plus, anorgasmia so I discontinued it after 9 months. Horrible withdrawal.
This is my first week taking contrave, and so far  I have had no side effects.  I am not hungry at all.  I bought protein shakes, just in case.  I am already down 3 1/2 lbs.
I have taken Trintellix for about 6 months after trying absolutely everything else.  At first I was thrilled at how much better I felt.  I could concentrate again, was sleeping for the first time in over a decade, and felt more motivated.  However, For the past few months, I have been feeling moderately to severely depressed, so much fatigue that all I want to do is sleep, and itching and muscle pain.  Most disturbing though is how little I feel like myself.  Anger, mood swings and feeling irritable are affecting my relationships and my desire to help myself.  Time to discuss discontinuing this med with my doctor.
I take it when I have an Anxiety - feel relief in about 30min.Also I take it before bedtime and I find it a very good sleeping pill.If you have insomnia- take 7.5 Remeron. It will do good! I promise
I rate this a 5/10 because it 's helped in the sense that I haven 't gotten pregnant...but I 've gained 10 pounds every month since taking it. I have weighed 150 since I was a sophomore in high school and I 'm a sophomore in college and weigh 175. Just this past 4 months of being on it I 've gained 25 pounds....
I 've been on nexplanon for about 9 months now and at first I was happy because I didn 't have to worry about getting my period, which is weird because most of the reviews I 've read said women experienced bleeding for the first 6 months. Going into my tenth month however I 've noticed some spotting and have been experiencing breast pain mostly my nipples have felt sore and sensitive. Also my mood swings have been out of control! I feel so bad for my boyfriend for putting up with them. I get so annoyed and irritated easily. As far as the weight gain, sad but true I have gained about 10 pounds which I 'm not so happy about but rather be 10 pounds heavier than being pregnant.
I had two instances of stomach pain last year.  I was administered Gas X and subsequently I was put on Nexium.  After taking Nexium for 60 days I get relief but if I don 't control diet I feel like having stomach pain again two months after discontinuing Nexium.  I have gallstones.  Nexium seems to work well to ward off stomach pain. 
Ok so I had this match shot into my arm in August 2015 after the Paragard IUD fell out of me. I had zero problems with the implant except getting my period for maybe 2 weeks after the insert. For the past 4 months everything has been fine. My period stopped 100% and I lost 15 pounds, but now in the 5th month I have started the sporadic bleeding. This bleeding is not like typical bleeding for me but just heavy spotting. I knew this was a side effect but as of right now it isn 't that bad. I really think this method depends on your body and you should give it a try. I rate it a 6 because I have not had any unwanted side effects until this past month and I do not know if this bleeding will continue.
My son was taking the 54mg for 8yrs when all of a sudden he started to get severely depressed and thoughts of hurting himself.  He was immediately taken off the Concerta. I had read about the side effects but it seem to be a small percentage of children getting this.  Make sure you read ALL side effects and the long term usage on how it will effect your child.
I was prescribe this medicine to help me because I was gaining to much weight with the bupropion XL, this didn&rsquo;t do any good at all for me. I had the anxiety 3-4 times a week, you know, that feeling of something is going to happen and you feel like you have your heart in your throat. I did like that I felt strong emotionally, not depress at all, I wish I didn&rsquo;t feel that anxiety at all. Hope it works for everyone else.
Why, on God 's green earth and with all the medical advances, can 't the drug companies develop a prep that isn 't disgusting? I got most of the first bottle down with ice water and a straw, but the thought of repeating the process was just too much for me to handle. I got about a quarter of the second bottle down. I am pretty &quot;clean&quot; and the doc will just have to do his best.
I was prescribed this birth control b/c of my ovary cyst. I 've had unprotected sex after the birth control &amp; I 've not gotten my period. I 'm actually a week late. Not really worried b/c I took a pregnancy test at the hospital 4 days before my period was due &amp; it came out negative. A lot of reviews says they never got their period so that gives me hope. Besides that my breast have grew &amp; are very sore. &amp; I have bad acne. On top of that, I 've been eating A LOT. I haven 't spotted but have had unusual brown discharge. Symptoms are really weird.
Today marks a week since i started on Saxenda. I am morbidly obese for my height. I weigh 96.4kg and am only 152cm tall. Having 5 kids and depression has got me to where i am today. I struggled figuring out the whole needle thing at first and 2 shots i have wasted into mid air 
I have been on this pill for about 9 months. I am 29 and newly married. I thought I 'd check and see if any others had sleeplessness and restlessness. Not sure if it is this pill or the big life change. Also I don 't think I am depressed just super emotional. I can cry at the drop of a hat.. Seriously. My hubby doesn 't notice that change but I do. Not sure how linked the sleeplessness and emotional tears are.
This medication makes me light headed and sleepy. Not worth less the pain
Having been diagnosed with fibrositis in 1987, inflammation of white fibrous connective tissue and treated for years with Elavil, Effexor and Neurontin. I tried Lyrica but it gave me migraines and blurred vision. This seems to aid in overall tenderness, but pain surges still peak at 6-7. I have experienced severe nausea, mood swings (was told to stop Elavil, Wellbutrin) and blood pressure increase. I also have had trouble sleeping. But it has helped with fatigue, unless I have done something physical, then pain surges increase, along with depression. Overall I think it is a promising medication.
I have been on Jolessa for three years. I have loved this however, I have gained 40 lbs while on this birth control. I just stopped the birth control today and I am hoping I can lose some of the weight I gained.
This is without a doubt the worst med I have ever taken.  This isn 't my first colonoscopy, but I 'm hoping I won 't have another for awhile.  With the first taste, I thought I wouldn 't be able to finish the first dose.  (I vomited twice while trying to get it down.) It took me almost 10 minutes to finish it.My second dose will be at midnight.  I am going to actually start it at 11:30pm because I plan to take my time.  I have also chilled it this time and will be adding Sprite instead of water.  (I checked with the digestive specialist, and they said it was alright to do so.) I will be using a straw and have a lemon wedge.  I 'm really hoping this helps.  If I have to have another colonoscopy, I will ask to use something else.  Good luck!
First off I want to say that the insertion of the birth-control wasn 't bad. There was severe cramping about an hour after it was inserted for the first time. The thing that I hate most about the birth control is I cramp all the time even when I 'm not on my  The thing that I hate most about the birth control is I cramp all the time even when I 'm not on my period ,  I have it a period All the time sometimes it 's heavy sometimes a spotting.  The absolute worst thing about this birth-control with the Moodswings I can 't control .   I have severe Moodswings sometimes I cry for days depression I now have low self-esteem and get angry very quick .  This birth-control completely changed who I am .
Second colonoscopy.  First one was 10 years ago.  This prep is less volume to drink than 10 years ago but I feel the taste is the same.  I could still taste it with my nose held.  I did get it down but had to take breaks and chew gum in between.  In the end, it is worth the sacrifice!
The 10 mg generic Norco works for me for about an hour and a half. Since I had my gastric bypass surgery  , pain medication seems to not help my pain as well as they use to and most definitely, not near as long. I have only taken Norco, Percocet and oxycodone, which I found the oxycodone not only relieves my pain better, it seems to help the pain a bit longer than the others I have tried
I have read all of the reviews! Being a frequent user of this product, I would like you guys to know that it is supposed to feel this way when you first take it! I 've felt the same way...but it did not last long at all...the day after you take the first dose the itching will cease. I guess you can say the medication does not agree with the fungus that had accumulated in your vagina and it is fighting the fungus, that 's why it is called antifungul creme. IT WORKS VERY WELL!
Imitrex makes me more nauseous than I am with just the headache. My neck and shoulders get very stiff and it takes more than an hour to feel any relief. As others have said however, if I am able to take this medicine and lie down it does wonders. Life just isn 't that practical though so I can 't use it anymore.
I 've been on Ocella for two days, but those two days my doctor advised me to take a double dose (two pills a night) for these first 2 nights. So far I 've had bad nausea, dizziness, headaches, and been extremely tired. I hope that when I start a regular dose these side effects will go away.
Just started the 1mg estradiol patch, at age 46. Post hysterectomy. Has anyone had abdominal pain from it?
I 've been on zoloft for since October  29th so about 3 months and I 'm not as suicidal but the depression hasn 't really gone away (I 'm on 50mgs so maybe it 's just talking longer  to set in
I 've been on Accutane for 10 months on the higher dosage at 80mg. I 've now had to wait two months to get an appointment with my dermotolagist and during these two months my acne is slowly, but surely coming back.
I am on the 3rd day on this medication. After just one pill, my mood became much better, but the downside is that it causes insomnia and when I fell a sleep finally, I have nightmares. The dry mouth bothers me the most, because it causes bad breath. Also, in the afternoon I get so tired, I have to sleep when I am not working and I sleep a lot, like 3-4 hours.
I 've had my implant for 7 months and It has done nothing but make me gain weight. Love the no monthly deal.. but hate this weight gain!!
My hair started falling out so I discontinued taking the Cymbalta. I was losing a small handful of hair every day in the shower and it was continually getting to be more and more so no matter how much Cymbalta was helping me it was not worth losing my hair. It did help me feel better as far as depression and it helped me feel better as far as stiffness in my neck, shoulders and back; way more flexibility. Definitely not worth losing my hair though.
I 'm a 3-4 migraines per week person. When I first tried Imitrex, I thought I had found my own personal miracle.  Even on days that I didn 't have a full blown migraine I would still have pain, and this was the first time I felt completely pain free in years. Unfortunately the honeymoon wore off after about 8 months.  I used Imitrex quite frequently during that time and had wonderful results, even though sometimes I had to take two pills to really do the job.  But after eight months, 2 pills weren 't doing the job, my headache was still lingering.  
Puerperal Psychosis: Made me extremely sleepy on a wide range of doses and basically took my life away.  Also made me gain weight even though I lost my appetite towards the end of taking it
Had Mirena inserted due to heavy bleeding and cramping. Did wonders right away. My periods were very light while on it. However I began having back and leg pain almost immediately, and after 3 1/2 months had a major attack of sciatica, to the point that o could hardly walk. This occurred 4 weeks ago and I 'm still having pain and numbness in my back, leg and foot. Had iud removed as I 've read that this can be a side effect.
I get headaches from the medicine.  It worked good for the first month and now I 'm back to having sleep attacks.
I just recently got on the shot. I had unprotected sex within the third week prior. I haven 't started my period and it 's scaring me a bit. Ever since I got on the shot, I 've realized I 've had multiple nose bleeds. I 'm not sure if this is from the shot. My sex drive hasn 't decreased a bit. But I seem to be drier than before. 
Became very sick from Tramadol.
This is my third week of using 0.025% tretinoin cream. I am 18 years old and had always clear skin, would get the occasional zit but until the end of my junior year started noticing my skin changing. I began to get bumps on my cheeks that didn 't bother me but up until my senior year I had multiple bumps little ones and big ones on my cheeks and jawline. My self esteem has gone down so much. I 'm a freshman in college and I have so much hope for this cream. I began peeling and my skin got irritated by the first week. It 's not so bad, not sure if I 'm going through the purge phase, I think I am since I think I 've getting more bumps. So I really hope this works.
It helps.  I need 2 in the AM to function without serious pain issues.  Later , if I am hurting, I take one more.  It gets me through the day. I get an Injection about every 4 mos.   I 'm 78 yrs old and in good physical shape ( not over weight, etc.) I had 2 operations about 2 years 16 years ago for spinal stenosis issue.  I was litrerally crawling up the stairs to my home and in excruciating pain.   2 operations later, I was out of pain for a few years.  The lower back pain came back a few years ago; MRI disclosed 2 spondys in my lower back  (L1-L5). Three neuro surgeons agreed that I needed a total back re-construction ( 10 screws and 5 rods);there was no  guarantee that I would be out  of pain.  I did not agree, found 10/325 and it works
I started this birth control after getting into a serious relationship with my current boyfriend. The first month, my breast were so sore and tender I could barely touch them but they did get bigger! My periods became really light (very happy about) and lasted like 3 days and I only had to use a panty liner! The down side is I 'm gaining weight for no reason! I 'm not eating bad and I 've been exercising more and I 'm still putting on weight! I 'm changing birth control to MicroGestin Fe.
It 's wonderful for treating the symptoms of schizophrenia. Unfortunately it comes with terrible anxiety for me. Almost every night I get this weird, overwhelming feeling, can 't sit still and I can only describe it as a panic attack. My benzo doesn 't help, all can do is go to bed. I 'm only taking 20mg twice a day. I 'm scared if I ever need to increase the dosage
I have been on this pill for about 2 years now, and about 6 months ago the cramps have started to get really bad. To the point where sitting and standing have become unbearable. Laying was the only way I could handle them. I gained about 10 pounds being on this pill. The good thing about it is that it makes the period light, but it also makes it heavy for about 1 day out of the cycle.
Prozac got rid of lots of my circular thoughts about how awful I was, and helped my mind to concentrate better on school work. However, I &quot;cared&quot; less about what I was learning and studied for tests, not long-term memory.Prozac helped me to branch out and broaden my friendship circle. Though the quality of my friendships was more superficial than before.  Prozac took a huge toll on my body. I had painful muscle cramps in my legs, back, arms, and neck. I always had large bags under my eyes and fell asleep during the day, because I slept very lightly on this medicine. 
I have been taking Anastrozole for 2 years 2 months following a double mastectomy, Chemo, &amp; radiation. I had trigger thumb surgeries on both thumbs the first year. I am a dentist, so not being able to bend my thumbs is not an option. My hair is very thin. My knees are so sore I can hardly walk when I first get up. Getting down on my knees is excruciating! I am an active person but I move like a 90 year old woman. I am thankful to be alive and thankful that this medication is available. However, if anyone knows how to help the knee pain, please share.
My Dr gave me a sample pack to try, she asked me to start with 5mg and work my way up to 20, I 'm up to 10mg but have terrible gas and diarrhea, thinking about going back down to 5mg since I did feel better, unfortunately no one ever feels good when you have gas and explosive diarrhea.  Also my sex drive is back to normal which was a great surprise. I 'm going to stay on it a little bit longer and just stay on the 5 mg hopefully the bad side effects will go away if not I will have to stop taking it.
Had a lumpectomy for stage 2 breast cancer September 2014; started taking arimidex a month later, until today, December 10, 2016.  My oncologist is having me go off it for 4 weeks because in the last 6 months I have noticed three worsening symptoms.  I started getting short of breath almost immediately after starting the arimidex, but now I can 't even do light housework for 5 minutes without breathing hard.  The muscle aches and pains have become level 5 to 8 routinely; the moment I 'm upright, I 'm in pain, plus it hurts to move.  But I went in to my family doctor because the depression was scaring me.  I am grateful for this forum because in reading other experiences, I see that I am not alone.  Will update this review later.
I developed foot neuropathy from use of this medicine.
no side effects except mild drowsiness. I 'm not impressed by how this drug is supposed to work on muscle spasms. I have been on it for week and half at 10 mg 3 times a day. I feel my spasms are almost a bad as prior to taking this Rx
This medication makes me and my muscles hurt  Like I 've been hit by a truck. And that 's after day two! I take three a day for intestinal infection (diverticulitis) besides the bad tastes, and maybe some stomach pains, this is my main concern. Makes almost all my Muscles in my Body ache badly. Especially my feet and arms.
I took Celexa yrs ago for mild depression &amp; it helped. Then stopped. Now I 'm taking 20 mg for major depression &amp; it 's not doing much. The side effect is an upset stomach. I still just want to stay in bed. I also take 1 mg of Klonopin at 11:00 pm so I can sleep through the nite.  I am thinking of asking my pdoc for Wellbutrin or Effexor. I 'm not in a good place.
Work great but, my quality  of life wasn 't there.  Drug turned my muscles into marshmallow  to the point  I couldn 't walk. So what 's the point.  I ended up pulling muscles when I bent over, $300  later @ a chiropractic  put me back together  again. Statins for me are bad news  !!!! Can 't take them PERIOD so quit pushing the meds @ $500.00 a shot
I 've been experiencing panic attacks for over a year, at first I thought maybe it was a phase that would pass but they have become constant and are really affecting my life. My doctor prescribed 10mg dosage for the first 2 weeks then 20mg from then on and I take them before bed. I been on it for a week and 3days and experiencing headaches and when I wake up to fast I feel like the room is moving and I can 't focus my vision. Hopefully the side effects go away and I can experience the benefits. I 've been reading lots of different opinions, mostly about the withdrawal symptoms. I 'm 18 so I don 't want to be hooked on it forever then again if it helps my panic disorder and doesn 't cause any major health issues, why not?
Sleepiness memory loss.
I used implanon right after first child only for about a year was very fat got it removed lost the weight but no other side effects. After second child got it again only this time I have terrible migraine headaches, mood swings and weight gain, I have tried losing weight and  eating healthy and I do lose the weight but it has to be a strict diet and exercise routine or else my weight will just come right back I also get my period about 2-3 time a month! For me this is definitely not worth it. Getting it removed asap
I 've had the Kyleena for 4 days! Insertion was not terrible just uncomfortable do not let these post scare you. I also had my IUD inserted while on my period. Maybe you should schedule insertion appointment around your menstrual cycle if it comes on time each month.
I am 20 years old and here 's my experience with this birth control. Pros: didn 't get pregnant. SLIGHTLY fuller breasts in the same cup size. Didn 't gain weight.  Cons: I lost ALL sex drive and became a moody, depressive, crying, tired, sad prude. Which is sad because my husband thought I wasn 't attracted to him and I am VERY attracted to his sexy handsome self! My acne also got worse. After two months I stopped the pills and switched to condoms. I am back to my sexual self and get along 100
I have been taking this birth control for 2 weeks now. My pharmacy switched to this last month. It makes my appetite go through the roof which I want since I would like to gain weight. My last birth control made me gain 20 pounds. But with Lillow, I am literally starving at night and even wake up at like 4 in the morning still starving, and then during the day, I can barely eat. I mean I can pig out on chips all day but I can barely eat real food.
The help I received from Lamictal was outstanding.  It took a few weeks but my down cycle wasn 't nearly as bad and the mania all together stopped.  In time the cycles all stopped.  BUT the side effects were too much to handle.  I started to lose hair, my fingernails were so think I broke nails typing (even on many vitamins and prescription vitamin D). I would bruise just by a bracelet resting on my arm for a few minutes and then the bruise wouldn 't go away, the worst side effect was terrible circulation.  I have been on Topamax and experienced the poor circulation they talk about all the time, but this was something else entirely. I couldn 't feel my finger tips and my feet had NO feeling.  My hands were ice cold all the time.
Was having problem sleeping due to Lyrica withdrawal, Took Zolpidem for only 5 days, the first 9 days after going off sleep ok, by day 10 got 4 hrs, day 11 3 hrs, day 12 1 1/2 hrs, OMG, skin burning &amp; tingling can 't take this. How much longer must I go through this &quot;Hell&quot;, can 't stop crying &amp; can 't enjoy Christmas. 
I 've been on the pill for about 7 months and it 's been okay. I have had weight gain but I don 't think it 's from the pill, more like a lack of exercise since I just started college. I don 't exercise as I used to. I 'm using it to keep my period regular, which it is doing. I don 't think I 've had any spotting really. However it hasn 't lightened up my period that much and it gives me migraines which I never got before. Also I have more cramps then I did before. 
Does not take away anxiety as it is the social situation which causes my anxiety, social support far better and talking to  counsellor really helps . CBT abject nonsense.Causes faecal urgency and on occasions faecal incontinence. I am worried that even when I stop the drug this may continue. As I am in UK the drug is free as I am over 60 as have been the talking therapies because we pay out of our taxes for health care for all, although the rich don 't like paying for the poor 's health care
I don 't advise anybody to go off the medicine as dramatic as I have, but I do hope the best for everyone. Just pray if it helps and always know your purpose in life is to find happiness.
I started taking this medication to help with my bad migraines and nausea. It helped for awhile but in the past 6 months has stopped working almost completely. The major side effects I noticed were increased emotions (I cry at everything now, and I 'm not a sensitive person) and I 've developed serious anxiety and stress.  I 'm currently weaning off this medication to try something else, but it did help for awhile.
I am 66 years old and have been on Actos for over five years, taking 45mg. Lately I have experienced shortness of breath swelling of ankles and feet, weight gain, anemia and fatique. My primary physician ordered an echo-cardiogram and a lung function test and they both indicated my heart and lungs were fine. Dr. attributed the issues to my taking Actos and immediately took me off the medication. He replaced it with Tradjenta (5mg) and asked me to monitor my blood sugar levels three times a day during the transition. I have been off Actos for 24 hours and feel better already. I know that sounds impossible but I believe it may have been the cause of my recent health issues.
I was put on sertraline six years ago after my previous SSRI, Luvox, became ineffective.  I have found it effective at controlling my depression and anxiety, but there have been some major drawbacks.  Primarily, I find myself unable to achieve orgasm during intercourse.  Also, earlier this summer, I tried reducing my dosage from 150 mg to 100 mg - and I got a taste of SSRI withdrawal syndrome, which really, really, really sucks - a veritable hell on earth.  I am currently looking into changing to a better tolerated drug.
The first three weeks at 20 mg was tempestuous at best, however I truly felt as if I was turning the corner so to speak.I suffer from somatic anxiety more then the mental part of it.Fatigue, and headaches were common. Sleep disturbances also.I had some great half days. After increasing the meds to 40 mg a day for two months, I decided to drop back down to 20 mgs. I lost a fair bit of weight the first 6 weeks, around 6 kilos, however after 3 months I 've put it back on and then some. Will be discussing other options with my Docter soon. I would also say that anxiety or manic episodes were increased during the dosage increase, which was treated with Clonazapam.
All I can say about this is, I 'm not pregnant. I got this terrible concoction put in less than 6 months ago. The insertion was excruciating. I cramped for days. My menstrual cramps are different, worse than ever. I never had periods before, Which was great. But now I get them monthly.I want it out due to pain, mostly.
I have been on Trulicity for a month and have lost 10 lbs (yay), but after the first week and a half, I had the nausea, vomiting on both ends over a period of 3 days. I thought I had food poisoning. Then today, exactly one month since my first dose,(3 weeks since last episode) the nausea, vomiting, etc came back. I had to leave work early. It comes on so quickly, I couldn 't get home fast enough. Not sure if I will stay on this med, but my sugar levels have been excellent.
I got the Implanon inserted in late November of last year, everything was fine for 8 months. I was able to lose weight just fine (with diet and exercise). I did not experience moodiness or any of the side effects I read about online. I did have the occasional spotting but not an actual period, that is until four weeks ago, I started bleeding, a week went by and it slowed down and just when it seemed to be over I started again. It 's been like this for over a month and I 'm really considering getting it removed. At first I really loved it, but I 'm tired of the bleeding.
Helps with sleep and weight loss
I got my Mirena put in a little over a year and a half ago. It was painful at the time for about 2 months and I bled on and off for the first few weeks. After that it went away and everything was fine with the exception of some minor cramping here and there. My acne was fine, moods were fine, I hadn 't gained any extra weight. But about 2 weeks ago, that all changed. I 've had horrible acne for 2 weeks, severe cramping and bloating and I 've been feeling like a totally whack job and then suddenly I started to bleed...and then I bled and bled and bled. It 's just starting to return back to normal. My acne is going away, I 've stopped bleeding and I don 't feel crazy anymore. I intend to keep my Mirena because we 're only keeping it in for 5 more months.
Ok so I had this match shot into my arm in August 2015 after the Paragard IUD fell out of me. I had zero problems with the implant except getting my period for maybe 2 weeks after the insert. For the past 4 months everything has been fine. My period stopped 100% and I lost 15 pounds, but now in the 5th month I have started the sporadic bleeding. This bleeding is not like typical bleeding for me but just heavy spotting. I knew this was a side effect but as of right now it isn 't that bad. I really think this method depends on your body and you should give it a try. I rate it a 6 because I have not had any unwanted side effects until this past month and I do not know if this bleeding will continue.
I have a severe allergic reaction. I had extreme rash, with blisters all over my body, including the inside of my mouth. This happened after taking it for three days. It wasn 't a positive experience.
I have been on Prolia for approximately two years. Just this year ( my 5th injection) I did experience sore muscle/joint pain in my hips. About 4 months ago I developed dermatitis around the corners of my eyes, nose, mouth, and along both sides of my neck. I 've never had allergies before. Also, I 'm dealing with a feeling of deep exhaustion. I 'm not sure whether this is due to Prolix. If my next bone density doesn 't show  marked increase, I will ask my physician for a change in med. one note--I faithfully exercise 3-4 times weekly with a trainer, take calcium, and eat green veggies and foods with calcium/D.
Followed directions &amp; took 2x Mucinex D 1200mg at 930PM.  Decided to pick this up after bring sick &amp; out of work for 5 days.  I was really tired &amp; dozed off at 1130PM.  Its 330AM, I can 't sleep... I 'm wide awake with an extra dry mouth, swelling of the tongue, slight nausea, tossing &amp; turning (anxiety?), tingling/weakness in my arms.  Most of my cold symptoms are gone(amazingly!), but I can 't shake these side effects right now &amp; am wondering exactly when I 'll be able to sleep!  I would NOT recommend taking this at night time, &amp; if you are going to try this stuff to start with just 1 pill.
I 'm 20 years old and in university. I 've been depressed for a few years and eventually decided to stop suffering from it and decided to take action. I was started on Cipralex 20mg/day at first for a month and a half, but decided to discontinue due to the intolerable side effects. I decided to see my doctor in order to try out another medication in hopes that It 'd be tolerated. He put me on Wellbutrin XL 150mg/day. Just a few days in I suffered from stomach pain, considerable appetite loss and constipation (no movements for 4 days ), bouts of anxiety (out of character for me), mental cloudiness, confusion, short-term memory impairment, and a general  'spacey ' feeling--so I stopped 2 weeks in. However it did alleviate my depression.
I have been using this for about 2 weeks now and so far I like it. I used to be on Loestrin 24 and it made me go INSANE. My poor husband hated being around me for the 2 months I took it. I stopped taking birth control pills after that.  Now I am on Yaz and have actually felt good and full of energy but my acne has gotten about 10 times worse than it was starting out.  Many have said it gets worse before it gets better so I am sticking with it!  Oh and my breasts have already gotten larger.  They were large to begin with DD and I am now at DDD. I hope that stops!  I honestly do look just like Dolly all boobs.
I have been on Viibryd for 10 days. The first 5 or 6 days I had a ton of energy. My stomach was a little bloated but no other major side effects.  About 3 days ago I started feeling very blah, having anxiety, very gassy and just not feeling right.  I am only on 10mg so hopeful that raising me to 20 will solve these problems. After 5  years on Lexapro I wanted to try something that didn 't cause weight gain and didn 't have sexual side effects. I was still having panic attacks and lots of anxiety on the Lexapro so I was hoping this would help.  Just want to feel normal again.
Just started this in the gel form, I 'm taking it with codine and paracetamol and that seems to do the trick nicely before was just the tablets and they wouldn 't touch it but so far so good
I tried viibryd after being on citalopram for a year and a half to see if it would be better. I had no problems transitioning BUT I gained about 10 pounds in the first weeks I was on it full dosage. I NEVER fluctuate more than 1-2 lbs - have weighed the same for 10 years -- and despite eating less &amp; exercising twice as much I couldn 't lose the weight. After ~2 months I switched back to citalopram &amp; lost all the weight in about 2 weeks. Without going to the gym.
I 've been on the pills for 2 months and I have been so emotional as in depressed. I 've had a little bit of acne but it 's not that bad. No weight gain, in fact, I 've lost 5 pounds. Very very nauseous but can 't throw up. Headaches here and there. I 'm not sure if I 'll switch just yet.. I 'll probably try it out a little longer
I 've been dealing with extreme nausea and vomiting for the past 6 months, and it finally got to the point where I couldn 't take it anymore and went to the ER. They gave me Zofran through IV and was feeling better in about an hour. After I was released I was on 4 mg every 8 hours and for about a week I was back to my old self. Then things started to go down hill, and they boosted it to 8 mg. Now it doesn 't evenwork anymore and makes me more nauseous than I was before. I also got pretty bad constipation and headaches after taking the medication. Not to mention, if you 're taking the tablets be ready to handle the taste because it is DISGUSTING.
I got prescribed Anafranil after not impressive effects of tritico and zoloft, and yeah, it worked for a few months, but I had to up my dosage every now and then. However after around 4 months of taking it, it stopped working, I capped the dosage, and had to switch therapists, as the former had no idea what to do with severe depression. However what I 'd like to share is the withdrawal part. In the time I was off it, it was really bad, imagine being constantly drunk. You can not focus, your view is shifting, everything seems to be floating, also like a lagging game, it feels as the visual part comes later than the audio. Really weird, so if you are on it or planning to try, ask your doctor for a way to take it out gradually.
I started taking Kariva May 2013 when I was 18. It was the first time I was a taking a birth control pill and I was with my boyfriend for 3 months at the time so it seemed like a smart decision. I mainly went on it to control my periods and clear up my acne which I was fed up with after years. Now I have realized that over the past year, it has made me completely emotionless and I have absolutely zero sex drive. On the bright side, my periods have been light and short (still painful cramping) and my skin has never looked better. I am going to stop taking it and try out a different pill that hopefully doesn 't diminish my emotions.
Since I have started using this, I get angry for no reason. Have been off for week and a half and my husband who does not want kids has asked me not to go back on.
I 've been taking Lexapro for a week now to help me keep mellow like jello. I 'm not taking anything else. I work 3rd shift. So my nights are days. And days are nights. This makes makes me extremely sleepy by the end of the week. I have only been on it for a week. This last Friday after I got off work. I fell asleep in recliner from 8:00am to 1:00pm got up ate a bite. Went to bed. I woke up to go to the bathroom a few times. But didn 't get out of bed till 11:00pm Saturday. I have not left my bedroom, or ate anything. I don 't feel like doing anything or going anywhere. I will be calling my doctor Monday and talking to him about how it makes me feel. 
I was prescribed this medicine for heavy periods by one of my doctors but wasn 't told of the potential risks until another doctor in the same clinic told me that if it 's a blood clotting medicine, it could then potentially clot your blood to cause things like stroke, etc.  I was prescribed 6 tablets a day and find that taking only one makes a big difference and my periods manageable to light.  The possible risk still makes me nervous so I take as little as I can to manage my out of control period.
So far I 'm on the fence about this product. I took half the bottle per doctors orders at 3pm. At 6pm still nothing has happened so I have now drank the rest. It 's now 6:47 as I sit here with a rumbley tummy waiting for something to occur. So far I 've ran to the toilet a few times for just gas. I hope it works by morning bc I have to be at work at 8.
I just had my skyla inserted yesterday. I 've dealt with heavy bleeding for months on end for many years. After my latest ER visit to get more blood, I was recommended an IUD as a possible way to manage the bleeding. Beforehand I read several reviews about the insertion process and it made me extremely anxious about getting it in, so much so I asked my OB for a Valium for the procedure. I took half the Valium 30 min. before and then the second half 20 min. later. I was calmer but more conscious then I wanted to be to be honest haha. The process went by fast and not nearly as painful as I had come to expect. About a 3-4, just uncomfortable. My OB had given me a numbing shot, and I think it helped with the cramping. I only felt pressure.
I have taken oxybutynin for many years and have been happy with the result. Recently I had a Uti and was on antibiotics.  Now I am having problems urinating, I am now on Flomax to start the urine pathway, I stopped the oxybutynin for a short time and plan to go back to it when I feel better.
I 've been on contrave for six weeks, I 've lost a total of 7lbs since I started the contrave. I 've lost 120lbs in the last ten months, so I 'm not sure I 'd give much credit to the medication for the 7lbs lost, the 7lbs in six weeks is significantly less then my prior months weight loss. I 'm on a low carb diet , and do HIIT workouts   strength training 2-4 times a week. When I started contrave I was very nauseous, constipated , and had a very weird emotional feelings , I was sad and had emailed my doctor for instructions on how to stop contrave, she told me to give the medicine more time and over the next couple weeks my side effects were gone.. Still, I don 't think its worth the money, and its hard to credit the medication for my losses.
I have had mirena now for just over 6 months for adenomyosis and anaemia caused by heavy bleeding. I am 50 and hoping it gets me thru to menopause. I was offered this 15 years ago but kept saying no. But in the end pain and bleeding I gave in and thought I would try before a hysterectomy. I had put in under a general with a d &amp; c performed. Woke no pain at all a bit of spotting for about 6 weeks. Sore breasts first 2 months and mood swings. I have noticed a 1kg weight gain but that 's no much. I do tend to gain fluid each month in lower abdominal area when I think I am suppose to have a period. Libido has gone and struggling to orgasm too. Unsure if I like it or not not much other alternative out there. I also are having lots of constipation
I gained a few pounds on the Depo shot but that wasn 't too bad. Was on it for 2 years. The first 1 1/2 years were great, although I had a decreased sex drive and the shots left my arm sore for days. Had about 1 week long period just before getting the next shot, so about every 3 months. Bled almost constantly the last 6 months.
Nocturnal Grand Mal Seizures with Tremor for 35 years. I have been taking Vimpat for 3 years with limited success. At times I have had headaches, dizziness, vision problems, weight gain, tongue swelling to name a few. I was taking 300mg morning 300mg night along with 1200mg once daily of Aptiom (the new Tegritol with a twist)  No problems until 4 months ago. My knees started swelling and my joints started hurting like a severe pain I have never had. All the muscles in my legs started cramping at the same time. I went down to 150mg. of Vimpat twice daily and the swelling went down but not away. The pain is less but still there. The trouble has to be the Vimpat because I have been taking the Aptiom for only 2 months. Hope this is helpful.
The patches were hard to keep in place and often I found the patches medicine side to be exposed when taking showers. The patches worked at helping to control the pain without the roller coaster ride of pills wearing off while away from your scripts. 
Pain in my leg and lightheaded but its helping.
I started off weighing 220,I 'm now 195. I 've been losing about 5-6 pounds a month, however, I 've not exercised really nor have I changed my diet to a healthy one. I 'm going to start walking atleast 30min a day, maybe some weight training and start watching what I eat. I can 't wait to see how much faster the weight will come off. You do have to have to be  patient with this medicine and DON 'T eat high fat foods because you WILL POOP YOURSELF, it 's NOT possible to hold it in! It does teach you to eat better though!
I am almost on my third month of my first pack of Jolessa and I have been bleeding for four weeks now. Spotting some of the time and full on heavy bleeding the rest. I like the weight loss and the fact that nothing seems to stress me out anymore but I would really like for this to stop. Plus the cramps were terrible at first but now they have kind of subsided. Hopefully the next pack will be better.
Worked well for pain but after a month got breathless and my heart raced at high speed. Thought I was having a heart attack.. Was given Noten to bring my heart rate back to normal. Still felt breathless.. On stopping the drug my heart and breathing slowly went back to normal. Scarey...
Significant weight gain (10%) very soon after starting Humalog.  Not a powerful reducer of sugar like I would have expected for the frequency and cost.
I had very little pain reduction with this medication. I was taking it at 120mg/day by the time I was switched. I had very little side effects, but it did affect my libido and sexual performance. I also found I did not have much creative drive while I was on the medication, which was one of the primary reasons I asked to be switched. It might have reduced my pain by a point on the 1-10 scale, but that simply wasn 't worth it, especially at a $320/mo cost with no insurance.
Great for lowering blood pressure. I have been on it for 6 years.
Been taking 40mg of citalopram for 10  years, I felt I was not getting the benefit of them anymore, so Doc has switched me to 50mg zoloft. Been on them for 1 week, anxiety is through the roof, crying for no reason, I am gonna stick with it and hope it kicks in soon
I 've taken azithromycin twice now, both the pill and liquid form. It was effective in getting rid of my infection, but it made me violently ill. I 'm unable to work because I collapse, vomit constantly, have terrible stomach pains to the point where I 'm completely immobile, and I get fatigued. I 'm sure for some people it doesn 't effect them, but for those that do; it 's absolutely horrific.
I suffered a stroke due to this damn medicine
Shaking of the legs and the tongue. TardiVe dyskinesia developed. Wasn 't told about the side effects of Invega before taking the drug.
I went to the ER 2 nights ago for a 3-week long headache that I guess was a migraine. I 'm 19 weeks pregnant though, so any/all attempts to get headache help from my other doctors in the weeks leading up to the ER visit were not strong/good enough. They too gave me benedryl and reglan through an IV. Like other reviewers, I did immediately feel relaxed and drowsy and was able to doze a little. However, I felt jittery in my legs and then got very restless and wanted to leave the hospital. The IV was unconfortable the whole time and once the fluids were empty I got so impatient waiting for somebody to come remove the needle. Like others, by the time I was released, my headache started to return. I woke-up yesterday morning with the headache.
I have been on Sprintec for a year now. It is good in that it 's only $9, it has prevented pregnancy, and periods are only a few days. Every time I start a new pack (after period) I get severely nauseated for several days, so I am finally going to go back to the doctor and try something different. During certain times I have very swollen and tender breasts, but that 's not too awful to bear.
I have been on trazodone for years. In the past I have tried all of the other sleep drugs but they weren 't working well anymore  so I was prescribed belsomra. WOW the nightmares are awful.  You are awake but stuck in a purgatory with the shadow figures over me. I was trying to call to my wife to wake me but kept falling back into this elaborate intertwined nightmare it lasted for hours.
Let me preface this review by I did already get hormonal acne around my chin/mouth, but it was only when I was experiencing PMS. I will say that for it 's purpose, Skyla is extremely effective and I enjoyed not having to remember to take a pill everyday. It is a very smart medical device and I wish that I did not experience the side effects that I did.I experience PMS like symptoms twice a month- once before my period and once when I ovulate. This include extreme cramps and severe hormonal acne all over my jaw, chin, mouth, and cheek. I had never gotten acne on my cheeks before my Skyla insertion. 
Zolpidem does work fast. However, I have a right arm that goes to sleep on me easily. So if I take zolpidem, I make sure that I fall asleep in a position that will not cut the circulation in my arm.
I found out I had chlamydia. My stupid ex gave it to me after he begged and begged to take the condom off. I started having a lot of discharge. I didn 't read the pamphlet I just took two pink pills on an empty stomach and went to sleep. The next day at work omg my stomach hurt sooooooo bad. Extreme pain. And now it 's been two days and I still have discharge. Can 't really tell if they 'll work. Definitely take this with food!!!!!!
I had been taking Yaz for about 2 years then had to stop since I was switching jobs and lost my insurance for a few months.  When I first started taking Yaz I noticed MUCH lighter and shorter periods, no noticeable weight gain/loss, no mood swings or craving.  When I started taking the generic pills I felt the exact same and chalked it up to taking Yaz for so long, except when I recently switched back to Yaz my breasts were tender and a few days before my period I had bad migraines.  I really didn 't think to relate these to Yaz until I read some of the other posts and heard of the side effects.
I 've had this nexplanon for 2 1/2 years I loved it the first two years no periods no side effects everything was perfect. I don 't know if it 's because it 's about to expire that I am now feeling all the side effects I 'm sleepy all the time. I get massive headaches and I also get dizzy out of no where. I 've also noticed that I don 't have a sex drive anymore AND IT hurts after intercourse. I never thought it was possible but I did love it until now.
Have had knee pain for going on 10 years. Got to the point I couldn 't take it any more and went to an ortho doc. He said right knee total bone on bone osteoarthritis and left knee is following but not completely bone on bone yet. He suggested Euflexxa shots, saying only other treatment would be a partial knee replacement. I figured it wouldn 't hurt.  I had the shots in December, 2012.  First shot, no difference. Second shot, seemed to feel better, 3rd shot no change.  About a month after getting them my knees still hurt. Figured it didn 't work. But now two months later, I can actually go up and down stairs with minimal pain. I can go shopping and as long as it isn 't all day affair, I do fine.  Didn 't take pain away completely, but is better
I 've been dealing with IBS several years, to the point where it has taken over my life; virtually homebound. Started trying the FODMAP diet, which my doctor hasn 't even heard of, and was gaining some control over my IBS. Then he gave me some samples of both Viberzi and Creon. The first day I tried both meds, I was a constipated, drugged, crying my eyes out, basket case. It stopped my bowel movements all together. No BM the first day; stomach felt bloated and tight, and I was in a stupor. The Creon SEVERELY exacerbated my depression. Second day, I took 1/2 a pill of Viberzi only and had a really sedated feeling and slept the day away. Not as much belly pain. Thinking about taking 1/4 at bedtime.
I got the bar in late last year. I since put on 10kg in 6 months and had major mood swings. I got all the pregnancy symptoms other than a belly. I only just got it out about 2 weeks ago and I lost 3 kg in one week. But now my body is messed up and isn 't coping well. I didn 't get my period the whole duration and it still hasn 't come. I cannot control my mood swings. About a month before I got it out I was experiencing anxiety and depression. The bar impacts everyone individually, but my experience was really bad. My hormones are still trying to adjust. Over. It.
I 've been taking Desogen for about a month. For the first 3 days I was taking it in the morning and was so sick after taking it I 'd be in bed all day. So I started taking it right before bed. I 've had stomach pains so bad I feel like I 'm in labor. I went to the doctor to make sure it was the birth control and not something more serious. I had a pap smear and some blood work, but he said everything seemed fine. If it comes to be that nothing is wrong, I am going to stop taking.
I have tried otezla twice the first time it cause horrible stomach pain and I had to discontinue it after three weeks. It worked miracles for my skin though almost all clear. I went to GI to get something to counteract the otezla. Went back on it and after two months on it I started having really bad panic attacks. I am not a panic person and have never had anxiety it got so bad I had to stop the pills. However be warned you can not just stop the pills you have to slowly decrease the dose the same way you have to increase in the beginning. I was not told this and ended up in the ER.
I got the Implanon implanted in December 2009 and at 1st I hated it. Now after a year I 'm starting to like it. For the 1st 6 or 7 months my periods were irregular and almost constant. I also gain 30pounds. My skin has always had problems with eczema, but once I went on this birth control it went crazy with rash covering my whole body. Now that I 've had it for more then 9 months I have my complete sex drive back, bleeding has come more regular but still kind of crazy, my skin has cleared up and I 'm feeling less depressed. So I agree with most of the doctors when they say stick it out because it does it better and with all the side effects it has given me I still think it is better than having to take a pill every day.
Just got done with Suprep yesterday. Had to take 1st dose at 3pm. Didn 't look up reviews. First gulp yuck! I had to mix the bottle w/cold water to make 16oz. I started whining about needing to finish it. I did and hoped I didn 't barf it up. Started drinking the required 32oz of liquid. I chose water and apple juice. In 40 min. it worked. Neverending toilet trips. My bottom was on fire even using Vaseline. 9pm and I have to do it all again. I wanted to cry; the taste, the endless toilet trips, the raw rear end
I 've been taking this med 600mg once a day at bedtime for 5weeks. It seemed to help stabilize my mood but I noticed more hair coming out than usual. I found out that it makes birth control pills less effective. Unfortunately, I can 't continue this med for those reasons
Used with oxycodone Norco has helped. Norco is not that great by itself.
I 've used Lyrica for a while now and it seems that my body is getting so used to the drug that it 's not working like it first did. I take 75mg in the morning and 75mg at bedtime. I either need to increase my dose or find something else that will work. It 's hard to function during my days because of the pain.
I only gave Viibryd a 5 out of 10 due to one thing: diarrhea.  If it wasn 't for that I would still be taking it. It was a hit and miss thing for me. I would go over a week and be fine and then week after week I would have diarrhea at around 2-3 times a week.  Tried it with food and after food and didn 't seem to help. Don 't get me wrong, I can deal with a little diarrhea but this was insane diarrhea with bad stomach cramps.  Took it around 6 months and weened myself off it. Would not recommend quitting cold turkey. Even weening myself off at 20mg 's made me real irritable for about 2 weeks. 
I began this birth control when I was 17 and my experience wasn 't pleasant. I began taking Microgestion Fe 1/20 in June 2015. When I first began the pill, I had pretty bad nausea and was extremely emotional for the first month. On my second month, I became depressed and began to have anxiety attacks for just about everything. When my boyfriend and I would have relations he would tell me I was shedding more hair than normal. I paid more attention to it and my scalp began to hurt as if I had my hair in a ponytail and just took it out. Every time I 'd shower or brush my hair chunks would come out, by the third month I had lost about 30% of my hair and had noticeable bald spots. Not a pleasant experience. Life got better when I stopped taking it
I been taking this med for 3weeks and i dont see much results I was hoping to see &quot;better&quot; results as soon as i started taking it but no :/ &lt;/3 i 'm getting dissapointed I 'm only 23yrs old and i have bad acne as much as I pretend I dont care i do so i really hope it works at some point and have am Okay face :(
I 'm 18, female.I seem to have drawn the short straw with this medicine. I 'm very lightheaded, sensitive to light, and lethargic. On top of that, I 've had headaches and dry-mouth, and I 've lost my appetite. I suppose my symptoms have improved, but things are only better in the hours after taking the pill. Since I didn 't have severe Irritable Bowel Syndrome, just cramping and frequent trips to the bathroom, the side effects negate the benefits. I cannot function as well as I would like. My lightheadedness has kept me from moving around much. I 'll definitely be asking to have my dose lowered/the medication stopped, because I 'd rather be in some pain than be on the verge of passing out whenever I stand.
So I have had nexplanon for 2 months now, this is the first bc Ive ever taken, so all is new to me. The 1st wk was no problem, the next 3 wks I had some acne &amp; sever breast pain, massive breast swelling &amp; also mood swings. I have had a pd (super light dark spotting) once and it lasted 3 weeks, but since had no other spotting. I got acne when my second pd was supposed to happen, but no bleeding. tbh everything is actually really awesome however, my moods &amp; anxiety are ABSOLUTELY terrible. I have had anxiety issues &amp; currently take medicine, but lord, this is severe. I have never felt this bad, I have ZERO control over my emotions. I constantly feel crazy and will have moods without reason. Idk if I should take it out or soilder through. :/
I 've taken Bactim three times and my UTI keeps returning and now I have to go to a urologist. Not a good time for me as I will be moving very soon and the Bactrim gives me a yeast infection. When will this problem end?  Most miserable!
So today I got the IUD implanted. And the process is more of an uncomfortable unusual feeling than painful. It will in fact hurt however it will not be unbearable, you will just react to it because it 's like a cramp x100. It took an hour for them to place the IUD because i 'm 22 and i 've never had a child before so it was difficult to stretch my cervix enough to fit the IUD in. So if you 're young and you 've never had a child expect a lot of discomfort and difficulty in the process of implanting the IUD. However, I felt that it was totally worth the experience and i 'd do it again if I had to. I 'll update my review in a couple of weeks but right after the insertion i felt zero pain. I rode my bike home with no problem, just a little shaky
Metformin started off good for me. Except for the frequent diarrhea, it worked quickly to give me a normal period. I had no weight loss (though I really need it), and after 3 months my periods became irregular again. My doctor increased my dose after six months, and again after 3. I 'm still not regularly regular, and it hasn 't increased my ovulation (per a daily ovulation test). This medicine has generally great reviews, but it 's very inconsistent for me.
I barely started taking this birth control 2 weeks ago exactly. The first week I was fine, however in the 2nd week of taking them I got my period, I have been bleeding heavily the entire week. I normally have my period for about 5 days, 3 heavy days and 2 light days, with minimal cramps, however this period has been going on for about 7 days now bleeding heavily the entire time, my breasts are in excruciating pain (my breasts normally hurt before I start my period not during my period). I have been so tired sleeping by 9pm. I have had the worst cramps, dizziness, some headaches, and I haven 't had an appetite. I 'm going to finish the birth control for the next 3 months and hope that things get better.
I started this pill and have noticed serious changes. Moodiness, very snappy, depressed, thinking negative. Although I don 't feel nauseous or dizziness.
I decided on Nexplanon because I would forget to take my birth control pills. So thought it would be a lot easier since I wouldn 't have to take any more pills. I 've had it for a couple of months now. I was fine the first two months and then started bleeding and have been for the passed 2.5 months non stop. For me, it 's not worth it. I am sick of the bleeding and not being able to have sex with my husband. It 's not fair to him. I am gladly going back to birth control pills and will make myself remember to take them on time everyday. Nexplanon did not work for me.
My daughter was taking 10mg for OCD hair pulling, while it did help with the pulling she gained 20kg and could not stay awake which is not a good thing in school. She had no motivation for anything but to eat and sleep. I have taken her off the medication. 
I had modest improvements in my bladder urgency symptoms. My biggest problem was how it affected my blood pressure. I am a 29 year old female and started having sky high blood pressure readings. I have never had trouble with blood pressure prior to starting to this medication. I had one blood pressure reading of 197/110. Now my blood pressure is still running high, around 155/90. I am going to start cutting the pills in half to see if it will help. One positive is that I only have to pay $20 on the patient assistance program through their website.
I just got prescribed this medication. 10mg to start. I 'm taking it for my extremely high anxiety and bi polar depression. I have read a lot of review 's, so I will definitely stay away from CARBS!!  Hoping this will give me my life back! I 'll return in 5 days and give a review on how I 'm feeling. Wish me luck!8/18/17 New update on taking the Zyprexa. Today is day 8 on the the Zyprexa and I have to say, I honestly feel like my old self again. I 'm happy, my mood is stable I 'm sleeping great! I 'm more active now than I 've ever been since my 20 's. So far I can honestly say this medication is working great for me. I 'm actually excited about life again! Also, no weight gain so far and no increased cravings of food.
I have been on Bydurion, one shot a week, for 12 weeks. All seemed to be going well until the past two weeks when I have experienced sulfa burps (rotten egg smell, gas, and diarrhea. I never know when it will hit. It usually lasts two or three days, (and nights so I 'm lacking sleep) then I have a few good days before it starts all over again. I have lost some weight and my blood sugars are down, sometimes too low. But, I am wondering if these bouts of burps, gas and diarrhea are worth it.
Pros: I never became pregnant, I had less frequent and severe cramps and it may have helped with acne although I  started a new regimen around the same time. Cons: within the first month of starting I had a yeast infection and over the next 2 years I would have some kind of vaginal or bladder infection every other month. My libido decreased dramatically and in addition to that I was constantly dry down there. I experienced some dizziness and nausea which is to be expected. Lastly, I became a huge cry baby when I used to be able to count how many times I cried in a year on one hand.
Well, With citralopram being one for of the (in my opinion) Less commonly know drugs used to treat depression, I would say it does have some time to build up a reputable reputation in terms of it 's reviews and significant statistics. I have used this drug for some time and i noticed a  'lift in mood '. Which totally makes sense as mood is highly associated with depression, or at least managing depression, well that 's the case with me. When i first went to the doctors, they did try me with a common drug named fluxeotine, (prozac)(20mg)daily. I found no change in my particular case of depression infact the severety of my issue worsened, so after a bit of a push with the doctor, they decided to try me on citalopram. Thumbs up.
I started on Elavil about 15 yrs ago for fibromyalgia. It brought me a lot of relief at first but it stopped working for me. I still take it but the doctor wants me to take a lessor mg. I was up to 100mg but now I am down to 20mg.  She said that the Elavil made my heart beat really fast.  It can also make your blood sugar go up or down.
I have been taking Linzess for constipation due to being on pain medication, because I have an internal/external bile duct drain that is exchanged monthly. The medication has worked well until today, and I am miserable. This is the first time this has happened.
I 've been using Epiduo for a month now, see some results but the dryness and redness is bad.
Awful, awful, awful experience, just like the other reviewers. As soon as I put the ovule in, my vag was on FIRE. My body literally couldn 't handle the burning and itching, my legs were even spasming! Not sure if it was the ovule or the cream. BUT here is my NUGGET OF ADVICE...after about an hour of torture, I sat in a warm bath mixed with about a half cup of apple cider vinegar, and felt instant relief. After about 20 minutes of that, I wrapped up some ice and sat on it for another 30 minutes. I 'm now feeling 85% better, no itching but a dull burning sensation, and it 's been almost three hours since I first inserted the ovule. Hoping it works out, fingers crossed. Good luck, ladies!! Will definitely use the 3-day pack next time.
Worked wonderful to get rid of my headaches! For the first time in nine years I didn 't have daily headaches. The side effects were awful though!! Ringing in the ears, dizziness, flushing, numb face/hands/arms/feet, the list goes on and on. My doctor had to wean me off of it.
I was initially put on Tegretol only to have it stop working after about 3 weeks.  Dr. added Neurontin and eventually had surgery to remove the blood vessel and wrap the nerve.  Best of luck to anyone with this terrible condition.
I have had psoriasis for 45 years, since I was 10. I have had 3 injections of Humira and I don 't see much clearing. Maybe I need to give it more time? Doctor thinks I 'll be clearer in November,y next appointment. I 'm doubtful.
Im 19 and have been having heavy and painful periods since forever! I got my depo shot last month and I spotted yesterday at school. I was with my boyfriend but glad i took a good shower that he didn 't notice...i hope!!! But same thing happened today morning too!! All that 's happening is my head is hurting alittle but it started of brownish to a proper red. I really hope its not for long!!!! But in terms of weight gain, i have been eating alotttt more and my mood is a bit harder to control. I wont take the shot anymore, ill go for the pill but I would recommend dealing with the cramps and flow unless the doctor says something
I posted earlier when I started and now it 's been about 6 months so thought I 'd update. After 3 months the non stop bleeding and spotting did stop. I have gained some weight but nothing that isn 't manageable. Also the bleeding during sex. My period hasn 't stopped tho, and I get it monthly usually with in the same week. Usually a few days later than the last. The biggest symptom I have had though is that my boobs two weeks after my period will hurt so bad. So bad and last till my period comes. Doc recommended small dose of evening primrose, of sodium tablets. Might give it a try. If you can stick out and your body isn 't telling you to give up after 3 months it does get a little better. Least for me....
I have used epiduo for about 2 years, maybe going on three. or about 2 months after beginning the use of this product my skin was really breaking out terribly (because it is a retnoid: it brings everything to the surface making your skin break out a lot, but is good in the long run). Then around week 10 my skin cleared up and was actually looking pretty good. However, this past summer, my skin broke out terribly like it had the first time i used it, and has not exactly cleared up since. I still have breakouts (although not as bad) on my cheekbones, forehead, and chin.
So as of right now I am sitting on my living room floor with a cold towel between my legs. I was fine for the first hour and was trying to go to bed until I got this burning and itching attack. From reading the reviews I am hoping this is over with by tomorrow. The cold towel does give relief but I think I 'm about to get some ice and cortisone to see if it 'll help more.
Synthroid makes my eyes have a burning sensation.
I am now on the last week of my second pack of Tri Previfem. I started using this medicine only for birth control, and it has caused many side effects. The first few weeks I had severe headaches and since I started taking it, I have noticed weight gain, also my breasts have definitely become bigger and are always very sore. The first month of taking it my period was much heavier than usual and lasted longer. I have noticed I have been more depressed as well. However; for the purpose of birth control I haven 't gotten pregnant. But I think I will be switching to a different one soon.
I have been known to fix a meal, send texts and emails while still asleep. I have also had phone conversations and not remembered having them on waking.,
Worked amazing and turned my life around for 1-4 months then I got bad again and now I 'm on something else, but Lexapro does effect my weight but I felt so amazing for 3 months and that was more important to me at the time.
Hard for treating my 20mos old daughter as the granules are gritty and the whole suspension isn 't very exciting to taste. It works, but make sure your baby does not spit up medicine or get something else if they do.
I was doing good on this for about the first 2 months now it seems I need something a bit stronger. Looking for the next upgrade.
Im 18 years of age and this is my first birth control I 've ever been on. I 've been using it for a month and a week now. Ever since I started using it, I 've been feeling very skeptical, anxious, and worried. I 've been experiencing bloating and pelvic cramps here and there. My acne is all over the place but that isnt surprising because my face always broke out even before the bc. Within the last month, I spotted for about 2 days. I 've been takin my pills every day at the same hour. Within the first month I 've used condoms as well. I just hope everything is ok .
This drug helped me feel much better, calm and peaceful. After taking the drug for 4-5 years, the only drawback I noted was a slightly diminished sex drive. After life improvements, I felt I was ready to quit, so I asked my doctor about quitting. He said I could simply quit.  Mistake!  At first I did not know what was going on and did not know it was related to the withdrawal.  Then, I researched it on the net, and found that to be the problem.
I have been taking this medicine for a year and a half now. I have gained 50 pounds since I started taking it and it has been absolutely frustrating. No matter how healthy I eat and how much I exercise the weight won 't come off.
I 've been on this for almost 2 months. I have mixed feelings on it. Psychologically, I 'm fine. No mood swings or anything. I had one period so far and it came on time like it usually does. Normally, I get severe cramps and I heavily bleed for most of the 5 to 6 days I get it. This period was very light and I barely had any cramps at all. (Which was a nice change.) I do occasionally cramp every now and then between periods and I 've also spotted for 2 days. This was 2 weeks before my next period is supposed to come. I 've never spotted before and I have taken this pill on time every day. My biggest problem is my boobs hurt so bad. I don 't even need to touch them and they are unbearable. A bit of weight gain as well.
Taking 500 mg twice a day for pertussis(whooping cough). While I do feel some relief from the pertussis, there are some nasty side effects to it.Firstly. Horrible GI symptoms. The medication causes a horrible taste for several hours after taking it, and it was causing abdominal pain and a feeling of too much acid in my stomache and an uncomfortable pressure only relieved by vomitting. The GI symptoms were unbearable, but I found eating cheese immediately before swallowing the pill helpped immensly. I also started a probiotic and prilosec for the stomache acid. Another issue was extreme muscle weakness (knees buckling) and loss of balance and coordination. I 'm 21 with an athletic build and never had this issue before.
This drug is very effective, chest infection appears to have cleared after 2 500mg tablets. However, side effects are so debilitating, I 'd rather be ill!  Aside from the bitter taste, I 'm suffering extreme vertigo and cannot keep any food down at all. I 'm going to half the dosage and phone the Dr tomorrow to change to another antibiotic.
I 've been taking this pill for two months, my first birth control I 've ever been on, at first it was okay and it definitely cleared up my skin, bloating was expected but not wanted. I also experienced a lot of vaginal discharge. Now that I 'm in the second month, however, I have begun cramping on top of the discharging. Sort of scary when you look up &quot;cramping on the pill&quot; and all the links have the title &quot;signs of early pregnancy&quot; :/
I don 't know whether to hate or like this bc. I got it September 2016 and the first 2 weeks were fine then I began bleeding and had been ever since. But I will say from October until late January it was little to no bleeding. THEN February came and that whole month almost was just heavy blood flow nonstop. Good news is this last week and a half I haven 't bleed, let 's see how far this lasts. Another thing is I have mood swings that happen every month where I 'm either depressed or always angry or both and it happens like one week.
HiTo all those that gave up before 6 weeks, didn 't give it a fair chance. My first 6 weeks were hell. I wanted to die. The doc saud my body is adjusting and to give it time. My first two weeks... nausea, no appetite, felt high. I lived on crackers and ginger ale. Remember you need to titrate up. About the time I went to full dose,  experienced the most horrible migraine I ever had. My vein on the side of my temple was bulging out and beating hard and my bp went to 145 over 85 which is high for me. This was the weekend, I asked the pharmacist, he said atop it and talk to doc. I had an appt that monday. She told me to start titration again.  Well I did felt perfect. Been on for 14 months doing great.  Give it a chance!!!!!!!!!!!!
Works 6 out of 10 on the pain, but still have a lot of swelling in feet and ankles.
I 've had bad side affects dyspnea just walking up a few stair steps &amp; going to my mail box up slight incline. I also had a bad experience after a alcoholic drink I thought I was getting a stroke-chest,shoulder,arms pain &amp; shorteness of breath, after that I had some test done ekg, stress test and heart ultra sound no problem found.I stopped using azelastine for 1 week and can not drink alcohol yet because still have after affects and still have shortness of breath after any slight physical activity It also affects me breathing colder air gives me shortness of breath
I started taking this at 6 weeks post Partum for birth control while nursing. I feel like I have had a period now non-stop or I just have spotting and no idea when my actual period is due anymore. I 've quit trying to figure it out; obviously I 'm annoyed! It 's supposed to not bother lactation, but there has been a definite decrease In my milk supply. Planning to finish this pack out and quit and use a backup. I would rather have no birth control pill at this point than all this spotting constantly! Also, I have been noticing a change in vision, but I have blamed it constantly on my contacts, lol! Seems to be a common side effect- maybe that 's my problem!
I have had MUCH success with getting rid of hallucinations, but this is simply not treating the bipolar portion of my schizoaffective disorder.  I 'm having severe racing thoughts, compulsive lying, and general mania right now, and I 'm on 80mg.
I 've always liked Nuvaring because it is convenient, and I experience fewer side-effects than I have with other birth control medications. I believe my experience is rare, but the Nuvaring has gotten &quot;lost&quot; inside me. I am going to the Obgyn tomorrow to have them try to remove it. I will update tomorrow after my visit to the doctor.
I have taken finasteride for 20 months, and rogaine 9 months (last 9 months).  I lost hair initially during the shedding phase which i never got back.  Now I have not lost anymore hair but I did not experience any regrowth.  No effect on erection.  On another note, I reduced my alcohol intake by 80% (now have 3-5 drinks per week in total) and have increased libido.
Hi everyone this is my second  update, its been 2 weeks on phen. My starting weight on 4\22 was a big 226. My first weigh in I was down to 214 and as of today 5\7, I weigh 207. 19 pounds in 2 weeks!!  But more importantly  I wanted to make sure that everyone  please please do not take dry mouth lightly it causes cavities... I developed my first cavity ever in 22 years , Because of dry mouth .. please drink\sip on water all the time and chew sugar free gum or suck on candies. Brush your teeth after every meal, it will help keep the bad bacteria  out . I hope I do not get any more cavities..and I am hoping you don 't either. Other than that I 'm pleased with the weight loss and continue to work towards my goal  (140lbs)
Diagnosed with Bipolar II and Schizophrenia. At first this was the wonder drug. Now, as I 'm 1 year into it, my daily functionality has significantly decreased. I take this with 50mg Vyvanse just to wake up enough to work. I can 't verbally communicate any more, even with friends or my wife. It 's affecting my work. My tongue clicks and my legs shake uncontrollably. No motivation. No emotional reactions except strong anger outbursts. I will sleep 18+ hrs a day if I can.
This pill has worked for so many people so I thought I would give it a shot. I go to a dietician regularly for food allergies so my diet is already very healthy and effective. I took Alli not only for weight loss, but mostly because I had heard from friends it would help keep me regular. I will say if you cheat on your diet do not take Alli you will have oil movements instead of a normal bowel motion. However, even in my instance Alli caused me serious stomach issues. Although I did not have accidents I did have feelings that I was not going to make it to the restroom or extreme gas. This pill all depends on your body chemistry. Even with a good diet sometimes it will not work. However, I did start taking a veggie fiber after Alli and it has great benefits
I started this pill to alleviate migraines and prevent pregnancy. Overall, my experience with this pill has been wonderful from day one. I don 't have any breakouts, no migraines,  no weight gain, and I haven 't gotten my period once in the seven months I 've been on it. The downside:  I 'm overly emotional. I will cry over a commercial, now. And I 'm paranoid all the time of being pregnant.
I was put on a dose of 1000 mg a day.  Took care of the urinary tract infection like a charm but the side effects were not pleasant.  I had heartburn and nausea after every dose, and antacids can 't be taken for 2 hrs. after.  I also had headaches and kept smelling burning plastic.  
First two weeks, arm was sensitive and painful. Could feel the implant but after two weeks,  I didn 't notice it at all. But I have lost my sex drive, am moody and have had 7 months of spotting and bleeding. Have to constantly line my panties. Lighter periods. No weight gain. Had UTI recently but not sure if that 's related. Hope it gets better.
Helps me sleep
I started ALLI on Saturday 16th. I took all 3 pills throughtout the day with my moderately fat diet and its now Tuesday 19th and I 've not had one oily stool or  'accidents '. My flatulence has increased and I have a gurgly sensation in my belly once in a while. Just wondering if these things are going to work. I will weigh myself in a few days to see
Implanon is a very useful form of birth control as you do not need to remember to take it. It was not ideal for me however because I gained about 20 lbs in one year from it and bled every single day of that year. I am now back on the pill, have lost the weight, and have a regular cycle. 
There are certain things I really enjoy about this pill, it makes my periods very light and tolerable. Off of birth control, my periods are accompanied by horrible cramps and I would bleed heavily for 5 days. On the pill, I rarely experience a cramp and my bleeding is light for about 2 Days. I have noticed I have a been a bit more emotional and fatigued around the time of my period but it 's not to a level I can 't handle. There is one very bad side effect for me. I 'm not completely sure if it 's the pill, so I plan to get it checked out by a doctor. Ever since I started to take this brand of birth control I 've had vaginal dryness. I believe this is causing my vagina to tear and bleed during sex.
I 'm not sure.  At first I thought it was okay because I had more energy.  I only took it for 3 days.  I slept more because I still had taken trazodone.  By the third day I was dizzy and nauseated.  I stopped taking it, but now I wonder if I should give it a try.  I had a sinus infection and maybe that was/is the dizziness problem.  I was hoping it would work.
I am a 34 y/o female in the Army with post traumatic stress disorder and insomnia. I may take it around 9pm and wont fall asleep until 1 or 2 am. I will remain sleep but it makes me hungry. I have been observed eating while sleep.
I have been on this birth control for about 2 to 3 months. I have TERRIBLE menstrual cramps, acne did clear up. Heavy bleeding during period but no breakthrough bleeding. Not pregnant! VERY MOODY and Cry over sad songs and sad commercials. I 'm going back to the doctor in a few weeks and changing.
I am on Exforge for the past 6 months. I am happy with the results especially after taking Lodoz and didn 't see any positive results. However, like many have mentioned in this post, I am also having a dry cough and phlegm which was not there before, plus weight gain at a slow pace. I am a bit concerned about this.
I had been prescribed to suboxone for about 1 year. I heard about zubsolv at my doctors office and found out it was much cheaper than suboxone. My doctor wrote me a per scription for zubsolv( 5.7 ). I stayed on zubsolv for about 1 month. It tastes nasty but will dissolve in about 5 minutes. Zubsolv didn 't even compare to suboxone, it actually made me feel horrible.
This will be my 3rd day on Victoza and I am feeling well.  I also take Metformin for Type II diabetes.  I was just diagnosed with diabetes about 3 months ago and my blood sugar is just over the line into being diabetic so I am hoping that if I can get some weight off, I will either get the diabetes to go away or at least, allow it to be well under control.  I 'll try to remember to report in in a few weeks but so far, so good.
I started Clindamycin on March 25 for sinus infection - 150 mg, 3x a day for 21 days. This is the first time I have taken this medication. This past Friday, I thought I was having a heart attack. I knew it was this medicine giving me awful heartburn/chest pain because I could  'taste ' the medicine. The heartburn and awful taste are almost unbearable. I will try drinking more water and do probiotics/yogurt. I am thankful that, so far, I have not had any upset stomach or diarrhea. Thanks for the tips.
The cost of each pack was a bit shocking when I first started it. The discount program the company offers is not applicable if you have insurance. It would have cost over $100 per pack out of pocket, but now cost me about $50. I have never paid over $20 per pack with other BC after insurance. I 've been taking it for about a half of a year after I stopped nursing my first-born. I cannot remember the last time I had a period, but my doc says 10% of patients don 't get a period on LLF. This makes me paranoid that I 'm pregnant! Also, I have had an increased appetite and have gained back 20 lbs that I worked really hard to lose postpartum. I wake up feeling very tired every day, but my energy is fine once I get going. No sex drive either!!
I feel that this medication did decrease my anxiety (I have social anxiety) and made me feel less nervous in a lot more situations. I went on roller coasters and felt nothing for the most part. The only bad thing is that this medicine wrecked my sleeping patterns. I usually will wake up 7-8 hours after I fall asleep, but now I wake up maybe 10-11 hours after. I am sure that would be fine if I were 12, but I am not. I am so used to the way I have slept for so long that it feels pretty horrible to be such a heavy sleeper.
So I just finished my 2nd month of this birth control. First month was great, had a normal 7 day period but when my second months period came around it never stopped... I 've been on my period literally alllll month and still no signs of stopping or slowing down. Its not a normal or light period either. Its a constant HEAVY flow. Changing  super size tampons and pass like every hour. And I Am extremely tired. Falling asleep at 6 pm everyday cuz my body is so drained feeling :(
Pills are small and easy to take, just be sure to take them with food and that you 'll be near a toilet. Going from 1-2 bowel movements a week to 3-4 a day.
THE TASTE OF THIS MEDICINE IS SO BITTER. I HAve TO CHEW GUM AFTER, I HAD REALLY BAD STOMACH PAINS THEN DIARRHEA ALL NIGHT LONG.
I was already overweight and went on Lyrica because of the tingling in my hands and feet being intolerable. Three weeks later, its like I woke up one morning and none of my clothes fit. I got on the scale and from the time my doctor gave me this pill to current and have gained over 25 lbs. It 's a shame I have to decide between being obese or able to sleep and be pain free.
I have been on Metronidazole 500 Mg. 2x a day for 5 days, and every day I have had an insanely painful headache, lethargic, hard time concentrating and lack of appetite.  My Dr. did say that headaches are common and there is a cream form but I have decided to just fight through the side effects of the pill. My bacterial infection did clear up, and I saw signs of it clearing up within a day.  It does help to take the pill on a full stomach, and drink ALOT of water!
First day to take this blood pressure med.  I am very dizzy.  Scary dizzy.  Going to try and stick with it to see if this side effect goes away.  If not, I will have to discontinue.
I received the Synvisc-One injection in early February in both knees. The injection was extremely painful for one knee. It 's a month later, I 'm still in pain especially at bedtime. Lots of pain/stiffness in my calves and behind my knees. Not sure if I would receive another injection. Can surgery be worse?
I 've suffered from acne for 8 years now and went through all sorts of phases. Now I 'm 20 yrs old and it 's all down on the chin area with deep, painful cysts everywhere. Unfortunately Epiduo (or any topical cream actually) is not good for that kind of stuff. If you 're a teenager, this may yield more likely results. I had an extremely oily face as a teen so I didn 't even experience the red/dry/flaky skin that most do. Sadly it stopped being effective about 6 months in so eventually I quit. Recently I 've tried it again but now it gives me persistent painful red/dry/flaky skin and not much positive results. It may be better for other people.
I 've been using the Lidoderm patches off and on for several years, but increasingly more over the past couple months.  I have chronic neck pain, the result of a car accident, and a herniated disc in my neck (C5/6).  I 'm sick of taking narcotics and I 've tried every form of physical therapy in the book, and while I feel the Lidoderm patches work, they won 't stick on long enough for me to really get the maximum results, which is really frustrating.  My rating would be much higher if the patches were more adhesive.
at age 60 biopsy showed prostate cancer psa was 10. had it out.  After it was out, psa still ten.  Started Lupron and psa dropped to 0 for two years.  Then my doc suggested I  go without the lupron... I did for 8 months and my psa climbed to 4. back on lupron and it dropped to zero.  Did lupron for another year, then went off of it again. Why? The side effects, bad arthritis hot flashes, weight gain, 30 lbs in first two months, then no more.  No libido and everything shrinks.  No body hair. It was a joy to get off that stuff for awhile but my psa started climbing again. Now back on Lupron, but no change in psa.  Went to a monthly shot, my psa stayed at 4.  Added Casodex, grew boobs,  really bad.  My psa is now 2.  I 've been fighting cancer now for 6 years.
I 'm on day 4. So far the side effects have not been horrible. I did have some stomach cramping and nausea. I 'm a bit tired during the day. I took other people 's advice and am taking the pill with food and I 've avoided carbonated drinks. I did have some pop one day and if made me feel sick. So I 'm trying to just drink water all day. So far I haven 't noticed a big difference in my appetite so I 'm hoping that will change next week when I up the dosage.
Panic attacks are greatly reduced, depression persists.
I am 31 years old and have been on Lo Loestrin Fe for about 2 years now. My Dr. suggested to put me on this bc because the other birth control I was on was giving me severe mood swings. The thing I love about this bc is that I don 't have my period AT ALL, not even once. The downside to this bc is that at the end of my pack I start to have a few days of mood swings, depression, anxiety and I get overly sensitive about stuff. Also, I gained a bunch of weight from taking this pill, before taking the pill I was 115 lbs and now I am about 145lbs and im 5&quot;2. The other good side to the pill is that it stopped the cramping immediately. I wanna go off the pill but I am scared of the side effects of coming off it.
I have been taking this birth control for almost 2 years and I really don 't care for it. I do not have acne and I do not experience weight gain but it causes me to always start my period mid pill pack. And then I will have a period for a week and then a week later when it is time for my sugar pills I will have another! They are however light periods but I am just always bleeding. This pill has also caused bad depression. And I have noticed a decrease in sex drive.  I am however not pregnant, which is a plus.  My insurance covers this pill 100 percent which is why I take it.
I started taking this due to a hormone imbalance about four months ago. My period the first month was the most painful thing I have ever experienced (more painful than my appendix gluing itself to my internal organs with scar tissue), but my subsequent periods have been mostly painless besides dull cramping. Whenever I go from the placebo week to the actual hormones again, I am excessively nauseous and spend way too much time in the bathroom dry heaving. My appetite for food and sex has been shot, and my weight has remained the same regardless of activity level. I think the worst thing though is the crying. Before this pill, I was a pretty even-keeled person. Every week or so, I have a night where I become completely inconsolable.
I 've had hyperhidrosis for as long as I can remember, especially on my hands and feet. My dermatologist prescribed it to me last week. I 've been using Hypercare for a few days now- it 's definitely dried my skin out, and I haven 't been sweating as much. Yet I still have the occasional outbreaks. However, I talked to my doctor, who said that it takes usually around 2 weeks for the product to really affect you. I 'm hanging in there, and so far satisfied.
Hello! Im 25 years old and have been on birth control since high school. This is my first time using Implanon. I had implanon put into my arm in October 2015. My arm hurt for a few weeks and every time I extended my arm, it felt like I was pulling on the scar tissue around the implanon making it feel very uncomfortable. A few weeks later, my period came and it never stopped. I was bleeding every day for almost 6 months. It finally stopped 2 days ago! Honestly, I was worried at first but then I read reviews and some women had the same problem. My periods were really light. I wore a panty liner everyday and that was enough.
I took it after not using a condom just 4 days after my normal period. Later that day I felt sick, emotional, and dizzy. The next day I felt better. The second day I felt sick again, dizzy, nauseas, lower abdomen cramps, and very emotional. I woke up feeling depressed, then by the afternoon it turned to feeling edgy and angry like very intense PMS that I 've never experienced before. On the fifth day after taking it I started my period which lasted 5 days with heavy- to normal period bleeding. Then it tapered off to low flow spot bleeding, noticeable most when urinating or sex. Some days it 's heavier than others, this is still going on 7 days after the 2nd period. It worked but it 's miserable.
I got nexplanon during early August 2016. let 's start with getting it in. The only painful part really was the needle (and that 's a lot from me because I hate needles!) I usually get my period on the 22nd of each month and I guess my body continued to like that day because even on nexplanon i got my period the 22nd. This period was HEAVY. The heaviest I 've ever had. I had HUGE blood clots and it was so painful. It stopped after a week and now I 'm just lightly spotting. Ive only had it for a month so I 'm going to hang in there. It 's light like i could just wear panty liners, but constant blood is inconvenient. I haven 't had horrid side effects yet. maybe increased anxiety? I already have anxiety disorder so tricky to tell
After the side effects wore off (2-4 weeks of occasional insomnia heightened anxiety bathroom issues and no energy) my overall outlook on life was much more positive. I was laughing, taking on more work, taking care of myself and feeling good. I didn&rsquo;t notice much weight gain but working in construction between a slowed metabolism and the hard work my weight remained within 2 pounds up or down. Unfortunately I had a rare side effect creep up after 3 months of use, it induced TMJ in me to the point I couldn&rsquo;t eat. I switched to escitalopram and the TMJ subsided but found that escitalopram did not work for me and I actually gained weight very quickly. Mind you I&rsquo;ve been on Wellbutrin in conjunction with these medications without issue with W.
I just got the Skyla today. So far I 'vE had horrible cramps, but I guess that 's just my body getting used to something different....the procedure was okay the dr told me everything he was doing. I felt ALOT of pressure. When I jumped the Dr told me it waS him touching a nerve. That hurt like a anything. Especially when he was measuring me. Never felt pain like that in my life. He told me to not use tampons or have sex after the first 7 days.. he said if I do have sex he can 't guarantee I wouldn 't get pregnant. Didn 't go into detail about the tampon tho...wonder why?
It 's effective however the side effects are horrible
Trintellix (30 mg) has helped manage my depression  but has resulted in exceptional weight gain.  I have gained 30 lb in 9 months, which just adds to the depression and self disgust.
I recently decided to get back on this pill, after I was off it for a few months. My experience has been slightly different from the first time I took it. As it has in the past, my skin has completely cleared up, however this time around I am feeling extremely nauseaus, lost my sex drive, and I am constantly and randomly just bursting into tears. This might just be temporary side affects, hopefully it gets better soon...
Day 3 of Pristiq....was just on Cymbalta for 4 months, and it was wonderful and then I got really anxious all of a sudden and angry so we switched. Prior to that I was on Celexa, Paxil and Prozac over 20 years. Am 50 year old female with two sons and husband. Have not noticed any change yet. Anxiety is gone, but I don 't feel  'positive ' change, more neutral.  I take at night as prescribed by my doctor. I sleep well. I am more hungry now than when I was on Cymbalta and am worried I will gain back the weight I lost. Midday I get a tingling in my forehead and thirsty. Am tired. Hope to feel some really positive results over the next few days, as others have posted. Time to have my life back.
Gabapentin caused severe hair loss.  Now on Lyrica.  Pain (trigeminal neuralgia) is not constant but unrelieved.  Had surgery and radiation.  Lyrica causes me to walk strange, tremor in legs and fingers, blurred near vision. Not sure if I should continue.  Will see what Dr says on Tuesday.
I tried Zoloft for depression and it made me hyper.  Paxil works.  I have used it two times during my life when I was depressed and self-help was not working.  It worked great for depression and I didn 't have many side effects EXCEPT that I cannot achieve orgasm while taking this medication.  Nada.  I have a wonderful husband and I am used to a good sex life.  Paxil kills it.  As soon as I 'm off the drug for a week, everything comes back.  I hate losing sex but I hate being depressed more.  In the end, that is the choice for me.
Have had moderate to severe pain for over 10 years. Percocet was the first to even touch my pain, then had to be switched to Oxycontin, when the withdrawal was too much. Oxycontin didn 't last 12 hours, took it every 8 and still experienced withdrawal symptoms and breakthrough pain. Finally switching to Hydromorph contin. Much better, now I have no withdrawals ever.
I started Contrave on March 16th and today is March 29th and I have lost 10 pounds so far. I have been on the weight watchers program and have already lost 88 pounds using that program in the past year and a half. From October 2016-Mid March 2017 I have been in a constant losing and gaining the same 5 pounds. Frustrated because I have obviously learned how to eat healthy and control my portions I went to my doctor to ask how to break this plateau. She prescribed me Contrave. The first week NO SIDE EFFECTS and I felt great! Good energy...and it stopped the night-time cravings that I think was derailing my weight loss efforts. The second week I have had TERRIBLE headaches and constantly feel nauseous! I am hoping this goes away SOON.
I have been on this pill for 5 days now! It seems to work through the day but at night my chest still feels very sore, the pneumonia still hasn 't seemed to fade. However, I am able to do more during the day without being in pain. Must be working!I too, had an awful metallic taste in my mouth all day after this pill. It made me sick to my stomach, to stop this I actually started taking my pill with Apple sauce. Just ate a few spoon fulls, then put the pill on the spoon in Apple sauce, and swallow. It leaves a tiny taste, however, it does not last and doesn 't make me sick. I suggest trying something like this , not just water.
I take Ocella to help control my PCOS and as a birth control. It 's done a good job of regulating my period and as a birth control. However, I 've experienced many mood swings and depressive-like symptoms as well as more nausea and tenderness in my breasts. It does what it needs to do which is why I 'm reluctant to switch since it is one of the best birth controls to regulate my PCOS symptoms.
I have been taking this medicine for a while, but my BP never or hardly ever gets down to 120/80. I changed my diet, so I 'm going to do yoga then see if this helps, I lost 10 pounds already at 220/5 '4 so a way to go. I don 't want to take meds because I have many side effects that I don 't like the sweats the aching pains in my joints, thirst it 's really annoying. Is there any meds that don 't have as many side effects for hypertension?
It is good.
I 've been taking Diovan HCT (80/12.5) for a little over one year.  It has done the trick on my blood pressure but leaves me with a slight headache and afternoon lethargy.  After about 8:00 pm I usually start to feel better.  My doctor and I tried 3 other medicines before Diovan HCT with no results.  I don 't know if the side effects are something I will just have to live with or not.  I will discuss this on my next Dr. 's visit.
I just got put on Promethazine for nausea and vomiting. I started out liking it a lot, but now not so much as I thought I was feeling better seems I 've gotten worse. Was only having normal side effects, now starting to have more severe side effects. Gave a 5 because I did like it and was helpful.
Prevented migraines, but made me want to cry all the time and made me a raging lunatic at the same time.
I 've been taking depo-provera since May 21, 2012. I haven 't had a period since but very light spotting from time to time. This my 3rd year on birth control and after my last shot on July 21 I 've been bleeding uncontrollably. I don 't know what 's wrong but its literally making me feel sick. Light headed due to low iron. I don 't know if I should stay on it or not.
I have been prescribed Quetiapine for just over 2 weeks. I am on a low dose at the moment (50mg) daily and an extra 25mg if required for bad days. I have had years of depression, racing thoughts, suicidal thoughts, irrational behaviour patterns, manic episodes, extreme spending and impulsive major decisions. Although I have spent the last 12 years on anti-depressants, it is only very recently that the psychiatrist is treating me for bi-polar.The first 10 days were magic, deep sleeps, vivid dreams and no more racing thoughts, I seemed to deal with things better, more rational with my thinking. IT was the best I have been for years and years. But the last few days I have cried a lot and been very depressed, self loathing and quite snappy.
My OBGYN suggested I take this instead of Wellbutrin and Zoloft. It helped but not like the other two. I switched back as soon as I could.
I used to take one 3mg Lunesta a night before bed.  Worked beautiful.  Now... nothing.  Anyone else experience this?
I started taking 150 mg XL 2 weeks ago. (generic bupropion XL) Initial side effects were rapid heart beat in the evenings on occasion and insomnia. (I take 0.5 mg Xanax to sleep 1 pill each night) Still eating like normal but more conscious of healthy weight goals.  Little anxious driving and a little more self conscious, but I feel better emotionally and am able to focus better. Not so harsh with my 12 year old or co workers.  Able to step back for a few seconds and asses instead of reacting.  So far the positives for me outweigh the side effects.  Hopefully will get better in a couple weeks. I believe the pharmacy report stated 4-6 weeks for full effect.
I bought Monistat 7 for my yeast infection. The first night I applied the cream. At first everything was, but once i laid down I felt a bad itching sensation in my genital area. The feeling gradually starting growing. I was miserable. I assumed that the medicine was probably getting all the yeast out. Later it not only itched but started to burn. I was almost in tears. The next night I used it, everything was fine. Now I 'm on my fourth night. There 's a very light itch but bearable
I 've been on this medicine for 3 years and it works wonderful for my blood pressure. It only made my potassium low but now I take potassium pills for that. I have a good doctor thank God.
I 've been on lexapro for about a year - finally went on something after waiting way too long.  It works well, and I definitely feel better, but I 'm not sure it 's the best medication for the costs/side effects vs benifits.  I had problems with my menstrual cycle and it was making me physically ill.  I had to switch to a different BCP to get it straightened out.   I also think that I need a higher dose than 10mg.  It is helping, but I don 't know if it 's helping enough.
I am 20 years old, never been pregnant and got the Paragard last year. Insertion was painful but bearable and I was sore for a day or two after. I love how low-maintenance it is and that it lasts so long and doesn 't use hormones but ever since I 've gotten it inserted, my periods have been longer, heavier, and crampier. Doctor said that for some people, it may go back to normal after about 4-6 months but my periods have remained pretty annoying. I love IUDs but not so much the Paragard. Thinking about switching to Skyla.
I was prescribed this for a nasty spider bite that got infected. The infection started getting better after one day but the nausea is 24/7. I could hardly eat anything and had trouble sleeping because of the horrible feeling in my stomach. Was prescribed 2 pills a day for 10 days. The pills were large.
I 've been on pretty much every antidepressant. SSRI 's do nothing for my depression. The only other medication that helped was Wellbutrin, but I stopped that due to not being able to sleep at all. I started on 5 mg then increased to 10 mg 2 weeks later. It has helped my depression the most and I have more energy. The side effects are what make me hate taking this. I 've experienced nausea, vomiting, constipation, and decreased sexual desire. The worst though is the nausea. I 'm nauseous every time I take it, doesn 't matter if I eat with it or not. If I don 't eat before I take it then I vomit. This medication is also expensive, it 's not covered by my insurance.
I am 23 and have been on this pill for two years. My doctor gave me this pill for me for pelvic pain. When I started it, it helped with the pain almost immediately. My periods were much lighter and cramps were nowhere near as bad as they were. I gained a cup size in the first couple months which was nice. However I gained about 10lbs in about 3 or 4 months and another 5 by the end of the year. It is impossible to lose that weight while on this pill. I exercise continuously and the week of my period (placebo pills) I lose around 3 to 4lbs and before I can lose more I have to start a new pack and I gain it back. I also feel like I have an extra &quot;layer&quot; all over especially my hips and tummy. I also eat when I am full because of crazy food cravings.
I switched from the pill to the ring, and I am now back on the pill. I did love how easy it was and didn 't have to think about it everyday, but I did experience vaginal dryness and a decreased libido (which I mean, is good when you don 't want to be pregnant, and don 't even want to have sex to begin with). I experienced a disconnect with my body and mind, my mind would be willing but I could not become lubricated, and vise versa. I do have to say I feel back to normal being back on the pill. Still consider trying the ring because every body is different and are affected by hormone levels differently. It just wasn 't right for me and my body.
I started Trulicity last Thursday morning, through my diabetes specialist nurse at the hospital.I can relate to other people on hear with regards to side affects. The first day I felt nauseous and also felt very week like having the flu. No tummy pain though.Woke up the following day with fabulous levels 5.7 the best in 13 years . Yes my appetite has gone a lot, but I am not complaining. I have slimming world tomorrow morning for a weigh should be interesting. So so far so good 
I have been on many anti-epileptic medicines over the course of 30  years: Dilantin, Mysoline, Klonopin, Depakote, Topamax, Lamictal, etc. While Keppra did a good job of controlling the myoclonic jerks which I often experience, it was way too sedating when combined with Topamax. It wasn 't uncommon for me to sleep twelve hours a day. The real problem with Keppra was the mood swings, depression, anger and suicidal thoughts. It 's no secret that a link exists between epilepsy/seizure disorders and some (all) of these issues; however, in my case these feelings and emotions definitely intensified while taking Keppra.
I am currently on this due to a UTI and I was getting SO MANY symptoms. I had 10 symptoms from my UTI... my symptoms have now gone down to 2 symptoms after 2 days of taking this medication. HOWEVER everytime I take this medication I get extreme drowsiness, feel spaced out, sensitivity to light and sensitivity to the cold. It feels almost like I&rsquo;m drunk...wish I knew this before I took my first one right before a concert! Needless to say I didn&rsquo;t need to drink for the concert that night... this medication did that for me!
I suffer from migraines and also am overweight. So the Dr prescribed me topamax for both. I weighed in at 209 on Feb 2 2016 and today Feb 12 2016 I am 203. So far so good with the weight loss. I 'm not to pleased with the side affects however. I feel fuzzy all day. Like I 'm on a cloud, Dizzy.  Tingling and nubness in my fingers and toes. Hasn 't helped my migraines at all either.  It does though not make me hungry at all. I have to force myself to eat because I know I have too. I don 't see myself taking this medication long term. I 'd rather try and lose the weight naturally. Not worth all the side affects
I took Terbinafine for a little over two months. It was easy to use and worked well at eliminating my toe nail fungus. Unfortunately, I experienced a change in my sense of taste. I can not find any food that tastes good. Everything I consume leaves an after-taste in my mouth, it really is terrible. Does the benefit outweigh the negative experience? In my opinion, no.
I had a very serious seizure combining Ultram with Prozac, something which unfortunately many doctors are not aware of (like my brother, who is an ER doctor and disputed me that this was the cause until I steered him to the relevant literature, since I too am a scientist). However, I was also at fault for forgetting to tell my doctor that I was taking Prozac from my primary care doctor. I essentially was out for several minutes, severely bit my tongue, had a concussion from hitting the floor. I was very close to getting into the car to take my 5 year old to preschool. So please, please, be very very careful when mixing prescription medicines.
I had a spinal interbody fusion and dilaudid barely touched the pain at all.  they had to give me muscle relaxer, nerve pill, and 10 mg oxycodone top go with the Dilaudid. and after all that I still hurt.
I have just started using this med after extensive sleep testing.   Due to medical reason and just my own internal clock I seem to have a combination of Insomnia and Hypersonmia.I 'm currently only prescribed 100 mg 1/day.  I guess I was hoping for a magic bullet, but the first day I took it I promptly fell back asleep.  The second day I was able to stay away and actually focus on getting things done.  Today I slept for 36 hours straight in spite of taking it and am ready to go right back to bed.  It also gives me some killer headaches.Being so new to it, and having seen positive results on one out of three days, I 'm hoping that they 'll be able to increase my dosage when I check in with the specialist in a couple of weeks.
I have had the hot flashes, and the weight gain. Not much of the other side effects so far. Not willing to keep gaining the weight, talked to my oncologist but he says the weight gain is not from the Arimidex.  I know better, I have always been very very careful with my weight and going on this medication is the only time I have had the weight gain.  I stopped it for 5 weeks and lost, went back on the Arimidex and the weight came back. I work out 5 to 7 days a week so I am very active. 
I have been using estrace vaginal cream for 8 weeks now, about 2 x a week and it has helped my vaginal dryness and prolapse but I am experiencing side effects, anxiety, bleeding gums, joint and muscle pain, problems with sleep. I don 't like this. I am going to look for a more natural estrogen.
Parent to son with psychotic experiences diagnosed bipolar mania by one doctor and Schizo affective disorder by another. Been on a 3 year roller coaster nightmare. Refusal to take sulpiride and risperidone orally for any time resulted in having depot injections but our experience to date of the depot injections is more negative given the side affects. Like lost personality, tiredness, restlessness. Bouts of long sleeping followed by walking round and round the room. When standing rocking from foot to foot. Inability to engage in conversations. Sense of hopelessness ..We didn 't really clue up on the drug and are concerned about the inability to come off/reduce them because a months worth has been injected then topped up.
Today is day 1 of my treatment for h pylori 
I have been on Jolessa for almost 2 months now. I love it so far. I have not experienced any bleeding or spotting yet and hopefully don 't. I hope this medicine continues working for me. My head went numb after the first month for a few days which scared me but everything is back to normal. I feel so weird not having a menstrual cycle every month but I 'm loving it.
When I first started Lyrica, my pain almost totally disappeared.  After about 3 weeks, my pain started returning.  My tongue started to tingle and was sore.
I took a plan b last week and plan b is known for throwing your ph balance off so I caught a yeast infection . My vagina felt very raw and I kept a cold towel down there to numb the pain . I took Monistat 1 because that 's what the CVS pharmist perscribed . This YI was so unbearable and what made it worst is I 'm on my period . I inserted the egg and put the cream everywhere . I barely want to walk ,talk , eat or do anything . My vagina is so sad right now it burns it itches .. I just need relief of this uncomfortable pain
Terrible diarrhea. Very bad stomach pains.
I have had my thyroid removed one year ago. Medication causes blurred vision. Some weight gain nothing significant that can 't be worked off with exercise. But, even though I have this problem, it 's better than previous symptoms, heart palpitations, sweating, losing 20lbs in less than a month without trying.
I been on this ADHD medication, but never was on it for more then 3 months. I am always switched due to the weight lose. When I first took it I was about 135lbs, after 2 months I was 98lbs. I lost over 35 pounds. This was in 2010. I stopped taking it because it wasn 't helping me. Within those months my doctor kept putting me on different medicines, none worked. I started school with no medicines, I was on the high honor all, my mom wanted me to take it because I couldn 't focus I was so HYPER. So my doctor put me on Concerta again. I have been on and off, but I have been consistent for 1-2 weeks. I have noticed my face is very itchy and blotchy and I want to hide and cry. Well I 'm getting good grades but lost 10lbs in a week. 
I take this on occasion after a rough day (I also deal with mild scoliosis, carpal tunnel, Fibromyalgia and Osteoarthritis). I had sprained my back recently and was prescribed this medication. I have bad days and then really bad days, but I do not like to take medication unless there is no other sane choice. I took one pill last night about 7pm to ease my pain/stiffness due to a &quot;really bad day&quot;-I am still going in and out of tiredness and it is 10am the next day. I feel tired, groggy-can 't concentrate. I do not like this feeling staying with me throughout my work day-it feels like a &quot;time release&quot; and comes on in waves-ONE pill 15 hours ago. I work full time and really need to be on my &quot;game&quot; and...I have to drive to get here! :(
I was prescribed this medication while I was stationed in Korea.  Halloween 2015 I was going on a 3 hours bus ride to a party on a boat.  I didn 't think about the fact that I 'd be drinking in 4 hours and I just thought &quot;Oh, I 'm going on a bus, I better take my pain meds because my back always hurts on buses.&quot;  Needless to say I remember getting on the boat and the next thing I know I 'm waking up in a Hotel room the next morning.  It was my first and last blackout I 've ever experienced.  I don 't know how much I had to drink but my friends said I was really out of it throughout the night and got a bit crazy.  Definitely do not mix this drug with alcohol because I was lucky and only blacked out, it totally could of killed me.
I have had RLS since I went through my last growing spurt at the age of 14. I am now 35 and have tried every over the counter drug, herb and supplement known to man. Nothing helped. I tried Mirapex and though it did not always fully work, it worked sometimes, and if you have RLS you know that sometimes is pretty awesome. I started taking tramadol for back pain and for the last year me RLS is completely gone. The only problem is that tramadol was like taking cold medicine and down right horrible most days and the withdrawal can be life-threatening in my opinion. As we all know, any opiate taken right before bed completely cures RLS. But if you stop taking it, your RLS will be 100 times worse, of course the time spent sleeping is worth it!
I got Ocella solely for the reason that I don 't want to get pregnant and I got it for free with my insurance. With starting my first pack, I was nauseous the first three days or so but not so bad I guess. Now I 'm on my last week of my second pack, about to be on my third pack and my acne has gotten a lot worse unfortunately. I 'm going to wait a couple of months to see if that changes though because other than that I love it.
I used this drug for the sole purpose to control my moderate acne. Side effects: Noticeably more emotional for the first few weeks. After usage of 1 year: My acne has decreased dramatically, but I 'm not quite sure if it 's because I stopped stressing about my acne, or because I changed my hair products, or because of this drug by itself. My skin started getting clearer around 7 months in to taking this medication. Like I said, I don 't know if it was because of this, but I don 't want to stop taking it because I 'm scared my acne will return back to the way it was. It seems that the longer I 've taken it, the clearer my skin has become. :)
Worked great for infection but side effects were becoming disturbing after three days - bad taste always, couldn 't sleep, too much energy - couldn 't sit still, strange mental clarity and deliberate movements, frequent urination.  After 3 days I didn 't feel sick anymore but the side effects were too much.
The first set of injections caused my cervical dystonia substantially worse and very painful for approximately a week. Then it seemed to help for about 3 weeks. The second set of injections (forehead, side of head, back of head, side of neck, back of neck, shoulders, spine) caused WAY worse symptoms for about 3 weeks &amp; relief off and on for a week. It 's hard to tell whether it 's the xeomin or the invasive injections. I 'm struggling with whether to attempt more injections. On a side note I was on high dose of zanaflex which did help the most..but, my liver enzymes shot through the roof and I was taken off completely after being on it for years. I was prescribed Baclofen. So far no relief.
Only been taking Alfuzosin for 3 weeks. It helped almost immediately with my bph however the side effects of tiredness and sexual dysfunction is a very real issue. I will stop taking this medication hoping my energy will return as well sex drive.
I have been on Femara for 3 months. After taking Tamoxifen for approximately 2 years, which I could not tolerate any longer, my oncologist put me on the Femara. While my hot flashes have pretty much disappeared, the joint and bone pain I am suffering is unbearable. My elbows, hands, fingers, knees, ankles and feet are the worse. In the mornings I cannot get out of bed. I take thyroid medicine in the morning and cannot open the bottle. It takes about 20 minutes before I can close my fingers or bend my toes. Nighttime is also bad. After sitting for short periods I cannot get up. I have never felt better in my life except for the constant agonizing pain. I am a very active 49 year old but feel like I am 90. This pain gets worse every day. I can only imagine what it will be like in 3 more months. I I am seeing my oncologist this week and am going to tell him I am stopping this drug. I believe the quality of my life is more important that the quantity.
Some personal background: I 'm 22, no kids, 115lbs, I work out 3x a week &amp; eat moderately healthy, &amp; my period has always been irregular. After 3 months of rarely using condoms &amp; mainly relying on my bf 's &quot;pull out game,&quot; I got tired of being paranoid every month of the possibility of being pregnant, so I decided to go on the pill. First month, it was great! No side effect. I loved it. 2nd month, bloated + boobs swelled/tender + constipation. 3rd, all same side effects from 2nd month + mental &amp; emotional instability + gained 15lbs. Although I never got pregnant &amp; it regulated my period with perfect timing, I couldn 't take it anymore! So I quit it after the end of my 3rd pack, &amp; my body + mental health immediately went back to normal.
I am a long time sufferer from depression and anxiety and adhd and ptsd....well you name it I have been diagnosed it. I recently...like right now tried to get off celexa....head hurts so bad i cannot stand up. Been awful. Its been 3 days and i am throwing in the towel and going to go pick it up at pharmacy. Yes it works on depression and a tad for anger but I still do have episodes of anger and depression which at times I wonder are worse than before. The thing is i guess you never do know unless someone monitors you before and after. Honestly i think excercise and healthy eating would have worked just as well. I can definitley say it makes you more tired. I can say this..DONT TAKE THIS MEDICATION UNLESS YOUR SERIOUSLY IN NEED.
I was so excited about the possibility of this helping me. But about 2 weeks in my joints became stiff and sore, it started in my neck and then went to my fingers. I feel like it 's harder to type and pick things up, and I feel a little clumsy and dizzy. I don 't know if it 's because of the minocycline but it 's the only thing that has changed. A huge bummer.
Update: I have been on this for a little over a month, 10mg for the past 3 weeks, 5mg 2 weeks before that. I am still getting extremely nauseous when I take it, burping and stomach upset/pain as well. Taking it at night did help with these symptoms but then I noticed I couldn 't sleep so I try to take it before lunch. I haven 't noticed much of a difference in my symptoms. I still feel down and have a hard time getting excited about anything. I really just want to stay in bed. I 've recently started noticing I 'm hungry all the time.
I have only used Zyclara for 3 nights, but last night after I applied it to my face and neck, I started coughing and filling funny in my throat. It only lasted about 20 minutes, but will try again tonight and see if I have the same reaction. List of side effects did list this condition. I want to love this cream but am afraid I may have to quit it.
I have a brain tumor and it Did the job it had to do, but the side effects were horrendous! Gained 10kg in 1 month! Moon face which made me unrecognisable, feeling of depression! Very outspoken to my family, which is totally unlike me! Have been off them for 2 months now haven 't lost any of the weight yet but my body is starting to deflate, feel like I have mainly water retention.
I can 't believe that there can be a clonazapam board without anyone bringing up the physical dependence that comes with this drug, and the difficult long withdrawal that produces greater insomnia and anxiety than the insomnia and anxiety that led to starting the medication.  That said, when taking it, it works.  It, like most, if not all benzos, actually start messing up the natural sleep architecture.  The longer one takes this, and the higher the dosage, makes for a very difficult withdrawal, physical and psychological.  Never, after having taken this medication regularly, suddenly stop.  If you do, within three days or so, you 'll know why I post the warning.  I take 2mg per 24 hours, and have taken it, with one difficult break, 9 years.
My Doctor diagnosed me with Generalized Anxiety Disorder and put me on Cymbalta.  The first couple of weeks were a little rough with the nausea, but nothing unbearable.  I did lose a bit of weight too.  It did help with my anxiety and depression a lot.  I was on 60mg.  Now 2 years later I was in a different place in my life, did not want to be dependent on a pill, so started weaning off.  Went from 60mg to 30mg.  Then taking it every other day.... then down to 20mg.  Now is the hard part.  Dr told me from there just quit taking it - yah right.  All the blogs you read about the &quot;brain zaps&quot; are so true. 
Heavy drinker every night for about 5 years - bottle of vodka or a couple of bottles of wine. Done myself a lot of injuries nearly lost my job so I have just started this drug only 2 days ago so still feel anxious at night, when I would usually drink so trying to find hobbies and interests to fill my mind instead. I was inspired by everyone 's comments here so wish me luck.
The first few days while taking Wellbutrin,which is not really recommended for anxiety but doc recommended giving it a try, were not too bad.  Around week 2 I began to notice I was miserable, angry all the time, and just not feeling like  myself!  I am usually a happy person that laughs alot and enjoys making others laugh!  Wellbutrin changed all that!  I was now a bitter and angry person that found fault with everything!  I wasn 't sleeping well, had slight headaches everyday and my head felt cloudy and foggy all the time!  I wasn 't able to concentrate which made it difficult for me to function properly at work. I was no longer the happy,silly person I used to be!  This drug totally changed my personality!
I had it inserted when I was 20, almost two years ago. I have no kids, pain from insertion was ok. It hurt for about a week. I rarely had cramps before I got it,  but since then I get pretty bad ones every few months. I broke out horribly from July-Dec, and it only got better because I took medication for my skin. The acne left dark purple marks on my cheeks, that are just barely disappearing. I gained about 10-15 lbs, but after about a year my body dropped back down to what I weighed before. It has prevented pregnancy, sex drive is about the same. After that year mark things were going great until about four months ago. Apparently my uterus lining has been getting worn down by the IUD. Bleeding for months straight. Every day.
This medicine helped my nausea, but made me to tired to function properly. It would be great if you have nausea at night time.
Spasms are unbearable. This helped.
I just started taking it. I am on the last row of my first pack. I have been having a huge amount of brown or red discharge/blood. I have had headaches, nausea, breast tenderness, back acne, everything. I think it 's because I 'm taking a lower dose of it like levonorgestrel 0.1 mg and ethinyl estradiol 0.02 mg so next time at the doctors I will get a high dose. 
This week is my 8th week in using this product. I can say now that it really works. Before I started using this, I had cystic acne all over my face and neck but after 7 weeks of using things change. For the first 6 weeks, expect peeling, redness, scaly face, breakouts. I had all of this. But now I only have two pimples. not cystic acne. At first, I really wanted to stop using this because of the negative effects. Really patience is a virtue.
When I first started Lyrica, my pain almost totally disappeared.  After about 3 weeks, my pain started returning.  My tongue started to tingle and was sore.
Take this when taking a triptan for headache pain, this is to bring baseline pain level down a few notches if I was late taking my regular abortive it usually won 't work unless I can get a control on the pain, Ultracet is mildly okay at this, just a trial for headache pain as I 've tried many others, but not too bad to have sometimes, can be somewhat effective.
I wanted to prove to myself that I could take it, so I just gulped the stuff down as quickly as possible. Tastes like salty sour lemon candy and a little like bitter lemon.  Now I have to wait 5 years to have this much fun again. Not a pleasant experience but I can tolerate it every 5 years.
I take Januvia 100mg once daily with metformin and glyburide, and I it works.
I was on one Abilify for three years, for schizophrenia. At first I thought it was pretty good. It helped with motivation. But then I started gaining weight. Weight gain on Abilify is very unusual, my doctor said. Anyway, I gained over 50kg, going from nearly skinny at 78kg (I 'm 6 foot 1 inch) to morbidly obese at 132kg. Now I 'm on ziprasidone (Geodon/Zeldox) and I have lost 7 kg in six months. Hopefully that weight loss will continue.So if you start gaining weight on this drug, don 't ignore it, talk to your doctor about changing medicine.
I love having only 4 periods a year, but it seems that every other 3 month cycle I having a lot of spotting.  And the menstrual cycle before last had extremely painful cramps. 
Fell into hard sleep. Didn 't hear door knock,or phone call or messages alert. I woke but couldn 't move my legs. This happened on 3 different occasions within a 4 hr. period. I tried to call out but voice too weak to be heard. It was an out of body experience for sure!
It cleared up my swimmers ear but gave me a rash.
This is the 4th time taking this in two years and it does make me sick (it 's for acne and UTI). Upset stomach etc.. But I can&rsquo;t really take the other antibiotics they give me hives and fast heart rates. The most disturbing thing I&rsquo;ve noticed the last 2 times using doxycycline I&rsquo;ve had breakthrough vaginal bleeding and NO I&rsquo;m not on birth control and have very regular periods when I&rsquo;m not taking doxycycline.. It normally takes a while for my period to go back to normal after I take them. Anyone else had this issue?
After reading all of these helpful reviews, I thought to myself...why not add my input in order to help other ladies that might also be struggling with the never-ending journey of finding the right birth control, because my god is it frustrating. I got the Liletta IUD inserted in May 2016, so it 's been in for nearly 7 months. The insertion hurt a lot, and I was in a fair amount of pain afterwards (could hardly drive myself home). I bled for a month or two, and after that it was like a dream. No periods. Perfect skin. No weight gain. I kept having to remind myself that I was protected and didn 't have to worry. Then about 3 months later I started experiencing incredibly bad acne all over my face. Still experiencing it. Getting it out asap.
I started taking Viibryd almost a month ago. I 'm taking the 28th dose tonight. I 've tried Zoloft, Celexa, Paxil and none have worked as good and fast. I noticed changes in the first week. I felt great. No worries no anxiety or depression. About a week ago I started to feel a tingling that would run through my whole body. It would get more intense, the longer I kept my eyes closed.
I 've been on Valtrex as suppression therapy for two months. After first contracting HSV2 I was getting outbreak upon outbreak with no break. It has significantly reduced my outbreaks but I am still getting them and presently not much relief. My doctor thinks it may take more time for the medication to work. But I did notice a review where this person upped their dosage while in outbreak. Will try this and see.
I 've been taking Venlafaxine 75mg for about 9 months now. It has helped tremendously with my anxiety, unfortunately I 've gained 50lbs on this med. I can 't keep on this bc of the huge weight gain, but I wish I could. I haven 't had any other side effects.
Zoloft was the first antidepressant I had been put on. It was mainly prescribed for my anxiety but also for my problems with depression and as soon as I started taking I started to feel better (possible placebo effect). I had to build up the dosage slowly because the side effects were moderately harsh on me. Although it did not make me tired like Luvox does to me, it gave me stomach aches and decreased appetite. And I had periods of dizziness as well. I was beginning to see improvement especially because I began it during the summer when most of my stress was coming from school. But after about 3 months when I went on vacation, my symptoms came back out of nowhere and I slowly went off of it. I am on Luvox now. I am 14 years old.
I used this medicine twice, I noticed a little burning sensation but it came and went, it worked pretty well, within 3 days it was cleared up, however I waited the 7 days before doing anything and then I was fine.
First glass okay, then started to vomit. Forced myself the other half a litre due to operation however could drink no more as I was terribly ill vomiting. My operation had to be postponed. I am now waiting an alternative. Moviprep is gross to drink but does make the bowels move.
I gave this pill a 5 because it DID protect me from getting pregnant so the pill does the job. Pros: Easy to take. Protected me for 2 years. Did not gain any weight. Sex drive stayed normalCons: -Constant chin acne -Bad PMS that would start a week after getting my period so I felt like I never had a break. That food craving/sore breasts/ emotional/angry feeling would pop up 2 weeks before my period even started. Basically it was 1 week of normal and the rest was all hormonal. Overall the pill does what you need it to do. Protects you from pregnancy. However, I can 't take the emotions/acne so I 'm on the hunt for a new pill.
I had to stop just after 12 days. My breast was so tender. I couldn 't sleep, walk or wear a bra. So much pain. I did find myself what was wrong with my breast after search on Internet.They don 't describe this symptoms in the lealeft as a side effect.But can be happen and is warning side effect.
I got the Liletta on 5/25/17 (2mo PP/C-Section). The insertion was very painful 
I started on 10mg for 7 days and was feeling less reactive and calm. Started 20mg and 3 days in was spiraling into deep depression, agitation, irritability, crying, not sleeping more than 2 hours at a time, shock like sensations down my right arm with my middle finger going completely numb, and headaches in back of head . I already have IBS so I expected GI distress. Nausea for 3 days along with severe diarrhea for about 2 weeks. Diarrhea is intermittent now. I am waiting to hear from my doc about reducing dose to 10mg again. I think that might be my ticket. Good luck to all!!
Pros- fast onset, felt it in just a few days. Works well for anxiety/depression. I no longer obsessively worry. No weight gain, decreased appetite (fabulous) Cons- Constant head/neck/shoulder/lower back pain, can 't sleep a full night without waking up at least 5 times (really frustrating), decreased interest and ability to have sex. I have tried all the SSRIs and this will be the last one before I give up on SSRIs all together. Will probably have to take Remeron to sleep, I didn 't really want to be on 2 meds but I need to sleep!!!
I was told by my provider this was a great option since I 'm horrible with taking pills, I wanted to lose weight, and I didn 't want a period, so I got it. I 've been on it 1.5 months and I havent stopped bleeding for 12 days, today HUGE clots started coming out and the cramps? Omg they 're terrible. I 've been so deppressed, and have had no sex drive. I will never use this form of birth control again! I 've been eating paleo for a week and am pretty sure I 'm heavier then when I ate junk food! I do not recommend at all!
The liquid generally sticks at the end of the vial, so you have to &quot;flick&quot; at it to push it towards the tip before twisting off the cap.  Xiidra leaves a bitter taste in my mouth for a good 30 mins. It causes watery eyes for about the same time too.  2 times every 12 hours can be a pain. Some days I forget and end up doing it once every 24 hours. It 's been 4 months now and it 's help a little bit. Won 't know for sure if my dry eyes are &quot;cured&quot; after 12 months of use. We 'll see when I get off it.
This was a horrible experience. I&rsquo;ve been on Ortho tri-cyclen lo before as well since I was 16. I&rsquo;m 24 now and I was on lolo for 4 months before I stopped because I literally lost at least 40% of my hair!!! It made me really depressed and caused several panic attacks a week. The only thing it was good at was not getting me pregnant. It didn&rsquo;t even help my periods.
This is my second time on this. First time irregular spotting or bleeding per say for a good month after that I never had a period again. Now it 's been a few years off of it I 'm back on it first month no period and now it 's been a week of light spotting dark to light back n forth. I been wanting to have intercourse with my man but it 's definitely not going to happen just yet so I 'm pissed that I have to wait this out. If the results aren 't the same as before I 'm calling it quits but the positive is my breasts are fuller and perkier but the acne is horrible! Help us all.
I got it on April 2nd 2015, and I don 't know what to think. It hurt and was bruised for the first week after I got it inserted ( which is normal ).  I weighted 115lbs when I got it, and now I 'm 125lbs. 10 lbs! No big deal right, but it 's been ONE month. Gaining weight is making me depressed, and no matter how much I want to work out I constantly feel tired and lazy. As far as mood swings I have them real bad. For the entire first month I snapped and yelled at everyone, and would go from yelling to crying to complaining. I hope my body goes back to normal because I can 't take it. When it comes to bleeding, I have spotted through an entire month, and while I 'm on my period, one day it 's heavy, the next it 's almost not there at all.
Naltrexone is an opiate blocker/craving reducer. It is not a cure. Everyone on here saying they got violently sick I don 't understand why these doctors didn 't take the right precautions. If you 're  on extended opiates bup, methadone. Your suppose to wait 14 days. For normal opiates Heroin, Oxy ect... your suppose to wait 7-10 days. But everyones body is different so if you were a heavy heroin user you possibly could have to wait 2 weeks or on methadone for years then possibly longer. The reason it makes you so sick is it instantly removes all opiates from your receptors. I 've personally been taking the pills for over a month and all it does is &quot;reduce cravings&quot; I still have them just not as often and as bad. Good Luck.
Been taking apri for 3 months; First 2 periods were fine no cramps, pretty normal. My last period I had was the worst period I ever had. Was extremely heavy, no cramps but the heaviest period I 've ever had. My boyfriend says he 's noticed changes in my mood, I 'm very irritable and sad all the time. I feel bloated all the time, I 've gained weight in my face and stomach. My acne seems to be the same few break outs here and there. Some days I have a very low sex drive, some days very high. Overall it works, just makes you feel super insecure. Was doing fine for years without birth control I think I 'll be fine for another few years without it.
I think this drug is great for weightloss, although I feel it is working very slow for me considering other folks reviews. I 've lost 7 pounds over 7 weeks since 4/18/16. I will continue taking it to see what happens. Side Effects that I noticed were bothersome were:  Stinging at the injection site. As I increased my dosage the stinging sensation got worse, you can defintely feel burning as you inject the fluid. Fatigue, I am tired as hell! I switched to taking Saxenda before bed because I found myself very drowsy during the day and dosing off at work. I feel I definitely had more energy before I strated taking this drug. I already have bad acid reflux which often makes me feel nauseated and this drug did not aggrevate my acid reflux.
I started to take complera 1 year ago when viral load was 1700 a d cd4 490. and I had immediately some side effects like a lot of gas some headache and diarrhea. But they stopped 1 month after taking pills after 2 months of this medication I started to feel like losing balance a bjt depressed and a bit dizzy as well. I got tested with a ct brain radiography and it was negative thank god. Then I got tested with cognitive exams and everything is good. So I suppose it must be complera. At the moment my viral load is undetectable and cd4 are 743.
I 'm 18. I 've been on the depo shot for 2 and a half months, I 'm due for my next one in a couple weeks and I really don 't want it. The first month was fine, no side effects and got my period like normal it only lasted me 5 days but the 2nd month was so bad. Terrible back aches, cramps, mood swings, when I first started out I had depression but its worse now to the point where I have suicidal thoughts, the worst pain in my bones that wouldn 't let me do simple things like bend over to pick something up, get out of bed, or pick up my nephew and I got my period 2 weeks ago, at the end of September and I still have it now in the beginning of October as heavy as ever. I 'm scared about how long its gonna last.
I went on the Liletta July 17th, 17. I was told I needed to be on my period when I got on it and I did. Insertion was absolutely painful and I could barely walk after. I got medication to help open up my cervix and I completely forgot all about taking it but they told me it would be okay anyway. I took 600mg of meds. My doctor also numbed me. I 'm 23 and have had one child vaginally. I went to work the next day and the pain was so bad I almost passed out. The rest of the week was completely unbearable. I was kneeling over in pain with horrible cramps. Week 2 was okay occasional cramping here and there. This is week three. I started spotting on the seventh and on the 8th I was still spotting. On the 9th I was full blown bleeding a week early.
I will have had this in for almost 3 years. My periods have been great (coming from someone who had heavy period and cramps that would make me sick to my stomach). On the down side I am only 5ft tall I have always been athletic and have an athletic build. I started gaining weight a year into have this birth control(never gained weight on the pill)I workout 4x a week and eat very strict. Nothing sees to work. I have gained over 15lbs in the these last couple years. I have also experienced a sort of hair loss. I have curly thick hair and It falls out in chucks all day long. I have procrastinated to take it out because I am in a relationship and it 's just been easy to not worry about about a pill or condoms. Getting it taken out this month
I too am using sulfasalazine for psoriatic arthritis and it has helped somewhat and I too have ringing in my ears. Suffice to say it has helped so I do recommend it.
Taking 40mg 3x week for RIS, scans show MS but don 't yet have a clinical diagnosis. Some welts and one large bruise but otherwise shots (all self inject) have been OK.
I am a 24 year old mother of 1. I 've had my Mirena for about for 3 yrs and 6 months. Insertion was a little painful just a few minor cramps then I was fine right after. I bled for 3 months straight after but my period only came back every 3-4 months after that. During the second year I still spotted every 3-4 months but no major bleeding. My period has yet to stop altogether but the spotting does not bother me just the irregularity of it. I have experienced slight hair loss and weight gain. But my biggest problem would be the bacteria infections. I never experienced them until after I had Mirena. My doctors said its just my body 's way to react to it. I get about 4-6 a year but besides those side effects I have not been pregnant.
This is my first YI and I picked the 3-day formula, an hour or so after I inserted the cream I got EXTREME itching and burning, I 'm only on night 1 so I 'm hoping for better results in the next couple days
Monistat 7 Night 2: Felt better during the day but not 5 minutes after insertion it 's as if a swarm of Mosquitos and a family of chiggers decided to break bread within my vagina but were subsequently removed by an invasion of fire ants who are drunk off Fireball and like to play with matches. I 'm afraid to move with disrupting the fire ants. They 're an aggressive breed.
I was really wanting EvaMist to work for me. Seemed so easy, just one spray on my arm every morning. But I have very sensitive skin and after a week and changing arms developed a itchy rash on my arms. May not be recommended for someone with sensitive skin.
For me there was just as much good as bad. Bad:extreme cramping, random cycles and weight gain. This August I will have had my Implanon 3 years and it 's been the same ever since. But the procedure was absolutely painless and I had no complications after. On the bright side, I 'm not pregnant. 
I was taking it for 7 days had uncontrollable itching, it controlled my sugar really well but the itching was awful.
I have been on this drug for about 3 years. When I first started taking it worked great. For the last year or so I feel like it is no longer working.
I 'm a 28 year old female and I started using Lexapro (10mg) after visiting my doctor and having my lab results back normal. Immediately it did three things: Made me EXTREMELY tired all the time, constipated and never hungry. I had to stop the medication after 8 days because the fatigue was too much to handle. They say it takes 4 to 6 weeks to feel effects but these came right away. Since being off my hunger and bowel movement went back to normal but I 'm still so tired all of the time. I can 't seem to ever have energy even after coffee. I 'm scared I have triggered something else by taking Lexapro and wonder if I will ever feel energetic again. I 've been off it a month now, the only positive thing I experienced was losing weight.
Not very effective compared to the other medicines.
I take this medicine for unexplained seizures. The doctor said they were caused by severe panic attacks. I don 't know. It has helped a lot. But the side effects are terrible. Stomach burning, nausea, itching, drowsiness, and much more. I take 1000mg dose.
This pill made my breasts swell up an entire cup size.  I craved sugar like crazy. If I did not take my pill at the same time each day I would spot. I feel bloated regularly as well. I don 't like it.
August 2015 will be 1 yr. on Skyla.  I think I made a Huge mistake getting this IUD.  From what I 've read, if you 've had kids, it 's a smooth procedure.  However, if you 've never had kids, a large majority of women are saying it is very painful when put in.  I am one of those many women that had a difficult time. I was so upset that my &quot;female&quot; OBGYN hadn 't warned me of how painful it is.  However, in her defense, she 's had 4 children.  It has taken about 8 months to get to light spotting, but I feel like my cramps are worse than before. Every women is different, but I think I am going to have it removed.  The only reason I haven 't yet, is because of the painful experience.  I really wish I would have stayed on the pill!
HERE WE GO... New product. I search all product before taking them, I read all reviews and make my choice to try the product.. I will try this, but I will follow through and tell you my experience! Here is some info about me. I am 26 years old (female) Hormonal imbalance (cyst) and bumpy cheeks. I get under the skin cyst that pop up once a month, sometimes two to three at a time. If I mash them, nothing really comes out, but it leaves holes in my face.. the bumps on my cheeks are around my ears and were I would apply blush. I changed out my brushes btw. Anyways other them that I have moderate skin, no severe acne. I am fair skinned. and I 'm combination skin type. I go from oily by the end of the day with flakes under my makeup (lol)
I had this implanted so that I never had to think about taking a birth control at a certain time and everything like that, so in that respect it is great. However my periods have become virtually untrackable. At first I had no period for like three months and then all of the sudden I had light ones for a couple of days, within a week of each other. This happens all the time, either I have a period or I don 't; either its super heavy, and I feel awful between bloating, headaches, body aches for a couple of days; or I have a very light and spotty period for a week and a half where its impossible for plan for. I have had no consistency with periods which is very tiring, annoying and frustrating. I also sometimes get a pain around the area.
Symptoms on Monday afternoon and went to doctor on Wednesday morning. Nasal positive test for flu. By 2nd dose fever broke and felt better. Has caused insomnia and/or only able to sleep for short periods (1-3 hrs at a time) and wild dreams. Also some ringing in my ears. Took all doses with food.
I just wanted to share my experience with the Skyla insertion. Whether or not this birth control method works i 'd likse to know because I just got it a couple days ago. I 'm 21. I was undecided between Mirena &amp; Skyla. Mirena is for 5 years, Skyla is for 3. My Dr told me that since I haven 't had kids I should go with Skyla. She said it was smaller(in size) than Mirena &amp; would be less painful. I wasn 't told to take any type of pain reliever before hand. I went in at 9 am, didn 't eat breakfast. Dr said I would feel a little cramping, like my period cramps. Those cramps were worse. My blood pressure went down &amp; what was supposed to be a 10 min insertion, was a 45 min stay. It was tough but I hope it was worth it. Take tylenol/motrin before hand &amp; eat b-fast!
Took a long time to see results and seemed to become less effective after 6 months. I 'm headed back to the doctor to find other options.
I applied Taclonex for over a year. It sooths and moisturizes the skin but consistent improvement did not happen. My Psoriasis seemed to flare up and then subside without any direct impact from this product. It is expensive!
I 've been on Invokana  for year in a half. At first I did lose weight as I 've done with other diabetic medications. That lasted maybe a month and than stopped. I didn 't see a significant drop in my A1C and have frequent yeast infection. If I can 't get to the pharmacy to pick it up and am without it for a couple of days I get relief from the yeast infection. I 'm to the point where I am tired of dealing with having the and will most likely ask my doctor to take me off of it.
I have endometriosis and my husband and I have been trying to get pregnant for 7 years and my doctor prescribed me Norethindrone 5mg on 12/03/15 for a months use only, after being on a different birth control (trying to regulate my period) that had me bleeding for a whole month just to try to stop the heavy bleeding. And only after a week of taking this medication it finally stopped!! but now I have concerns because it is now February 13, 2016 and still have not had my period. I have taken numerous pregnancy tests and all negative. Coming from someone that has been trying to get pregnant, It 's scary and nerve wrecking! Just wondering if this is happening to anyone else?
I started taking this in April of 2011 and it is now March 2012. This is also the first birth control I have ever taken. I honestly can say that this pill has made me a different person as in very moody, especially during the third row of pills (the blue ones). My husband even says &quot;it must be blue pill week!&quot; since this is the week I tend to be extremely moody. I used to be really nice and laugh at just about anything but now while on this pill I just feel super anxious and I even think this raises my blood pressure. The only good thing about this pill is that it has helped me with my cystic acne. Before I started taking this pill, I would get really bad cystic pimples on my jawline but I haven 't had any since being on this pill.
I have taken the antibiotic for 2 days.  Works great as far as taking away symptoms, but I 'm having difficulty sleeping and breathing.
Started victoza 2 months ago.     I was great at first.   Got up to 1.8 mg.  After 3 weeks got so sick ended up in hospital  with 2 bags saline and anti puke meds. Told to lower does then go back up so I did.    And 4 weeks later I 'm back to cramping and puking and diarrhea, burps that smell like rotten eggs.   The first time this happened I thought it was because of salad .. Tomatoes tasted like rotten fish.   Now come to think of it.  The salad and seafood.  And this time I just ate. Seafood again. I  guess better not do that any more.  I would love a bullet in the head right now the pain is horrible ... Lost 23 lbs so far.   I hoping I can hang on for a few more months with now serious effects of it. Getting the gastric by pass...
Been bipolar for seventeen years, Saphris for two months, started out eating right after I took it and I was very sleepy.  The eating eventually subsided but within ten days I started having jaw muscle tension.  At first I had energy and the racing thoughts and paranoia went away.  The sublingual dosing and taste seemed to be minor in the hopes that it would help symptoms.  I would take it at night only, after getting everything done for the evening because it really made me sleep deeply, within fifteen minutes, when I really didn 't have a sleeping problem before taking it.  It did make me more alert during the day, which almost led to panic on several occasions.  It was addressing psychosis symptoms but I continued a low level of depression
I was diagnosed today with vertigo, I woke up yesterday morning which was 8/11/2016 i was so dizzy, the rest of the day if I looked down or leaned my head back in would get dizzy, today was worst so I went to the ER was given meclizine I only took 2 so far seems like it works for a few hours a but I want to take one now before bed any suggestions??
Just started Lyrica 75mg twice a day yesterday. My first dose, I felt extremely drunk, and could not function.  I took my second dose at bedtime, and slept through the night, and woke up refreshed!  I had no aches or pain.  My 3rd dose, this morning, again feeling a little drunk, and off balance... but again, I feel good.  I can actually sit still at work, without having to move around and try to be comfortable.  I am going to stick with this medication, and hope that the side effects go away in a couple of days.
I 've been on Nexaplonon for 6 weeks now and have been on my period for 3 of those weeks. It 's been really frustrating for me because even though my boyfriend is very supportive, understanding, and doesn 't mind having sex while I 'm spotting, it still makes me feel selfconscoius. On the plus side I have had no cramps! No weight gain yet... And i have acne that keeps popping up but I 'm not sure if that 's due to the implant or not. I 'll stick with it for a couple months to see how my body adjusts to it but right now I 'm thinking I should have stuck to the shot.
I came here to see if anyone else was dealing with what I am. I am almost finished with my first pack and finding myself miserable at night.At first like many here, I was finding relief and felt &quot; yes finally a drug without side effects&quot; but then the twitching and sweats started. Now I am in surgical menopause so I am quite familiar with Hot Flashes and night sweats, but since being on estrogen I haven 't had those problems. On this medication the night sweats are so bad it disrupts my sleep. Last night I literally was up all night.  I had that kind of &quot;sleep&quot; where your brain is up but your body is relaxed. I 'm starting to feel that it 's not worth it. I too have osteoarthritis in my shoulder and it 's horrible and wakes me up as well.
I 've been taking Lutera for 10 days now and I have pros and cons for this pill. Ever since I 've been taking this pill, the cons are increase in appetite, stomach pains, and headaches, and a little weight gain. Pros, my acne has cleared up a little since using Lutera and also less depression. I 've been thinking of switching to another pill, cause the stomach pains and headaches are horrible.
In my first week of zybanNeed to give up as I smoke a pack a dayFeeling nauseous, last night had a severe headache and woke up thinking I could levitate and fly after having the weirdest out there dream - it really felt believable.Anyway going to continue and pray it works, will report back at a later date.
After a long period of high stress and panic attacks, I reluctantly tried this medication (reluctantly because SSRIs had only INCREASED my anxiety problems in the past). I was only able to tolerate 2.5 mg of this medication, but it did help the anxiety some. It did not help my sleep (may have worsened it). Side effects were stomach upset and feeling very spacy. It was not a perfect medication for panic, the benzos are better. I experienced some relief from Lexapro but only at very small doses, and I still needed to use Xanax daily for panic attacks.
I quit smoking and 14 mo later am 20lbs heavier. Its like cement i cant seem to lose. My Dr prescribed 37.5 Phentermine. 189lbs and 2 days later am 187lbs. I cant drink my energy drinks anymore due to anxiousness/jittery. I have dry mouth so ice water is again my best friend. I actually have to break my pills in half. Still kinda iffy but im giving it a week to see how i feel.
I 've been using Contrave for over a month.  I 've lost 2 pounds and the ONLY side effect is dry mouth - nothing else.  I 'm hopeful.
Ive been in pain management for 6 years &amp; serious constipation started 2 yrs ago. Linzess &amp; Armitiza did not work. I was stuck using enemas and self manual removal. Awful - and takes time. I have drank 3 Magnesium Citrates with no BM!  Movantik works but insurance won 't pay. so I take 1 / week from the few samples I get.  The pain that starts within an hour of Movantik is the worst I 've experienced: doubled over at the gut: crying like it could be anER problem. But I am doubtful of ERs so I try to make myself comfortable at home while I empty for 5-24 hours. Bloated completely uncomfortable and must plan to do nothing until the BMs end. do feel a little withdrawal so I take meds. Movantik is my only option Wish it was more gentle.
I started with 50 mg once, then twice per day, increased to 200mg per day, and it did NOTHING but makes me have chills on my scalp AND even though it is summertime, I am sweating really badly. Other than sweating I hadn 't noticed it working at all, as I still have been snapping at my daughter.. So my doctor upped my dosage to 450 per day. Hot and sweaty as ever, but it comes and goes.... been on Wellbutrin since mid June 2011, and just maybe.... just maybe, it helped me last week when I should have been totally devastated over my boyfriends drama. I remember not having nervous pangs in my stomach, sort of bold, but not superwoman-like. I still just lay in bed a lot, not motivated, and I think my weight is going up! But I am on the highest dose. 
Been on Prozac with Zyprexa for over a month now. Can 't tell if its helping but my wife thinks it is so I will give it some more time. Just started taking 40mg yesterday. Hopefully that will do it for me. I 'm one who has had major depression/anxiety for over 15 years and all my antidepressants failed on me. I will report back in a week or so. 
Have issues with chronic constipation and when I get really constipated I start to feel very fatigued and nauseous. Was looking for a quick fix this time around and took 2 tabs Dulcolax at 9 am, I slept most of the day, I don 't know if this was from the constipation or the remedy, but started having horrendous bowel cramping at about 7:30 pm. The first few times I went to the bathroom I was only able to pass a few small hard lumps with A LOT of pain, straining, burning/cramping bowel pain so bad I thought I was either going to vomit or pass out.  Finally about the 4th time the cramps struck, I had a large bowel motion followed by diarrhea. That 's where I am right now and I 'm hoping this &quot;experience&quot; will be wrapping up soon!
Olanzapine significantly cleared my head, I am plus 10kg, I am not sure if the pills are the cause but I feel no emotions, very hard to find motivation to do something when nothing is enjoyable.
I had great response with Fludara when it was used with Rituxan.
After having a lot of urine infections for the past year I am now back on Macrodantin 50mg 4 times a day for 7 days makes me feel yak headaches keeps me awake slightly dizzy, feel tired a lot.. Then doctor wants me to take a low dose of it for 6 weeks will keep you posted if it actually works this time. I have my doubts.
I was on this medication for 2 years. Worked wonders on my acne! Then it gave me autoimmune hepatitis. Symptoms 1 st off were joint pain and abdomen pain and jaundice. Can be very life threatening. Now I have to take other medications to treat the disease and my acne came back worse than ever.
I was on Nuvaring for 3 months. As far as positives go it was easy to use and I did not get pregnant. Also, I was able to lose/maintain my weight (something I could not do while I was on Yaz for almost 2 years). However, I had spotting for around 20 days, which is something that 's normal for me when I first go on birth control. But the deal breaker for me was how crazy emotional I got. I cried at least every day which is not normal for me, and a little after I went off of the Nuvaring that went away. One of my friends is on it and doesn 't have this problem; everyone 's body is different; if that didn 't happen to me I would definitely still be on Nuvaring.
Due to being diagnosed w/ Polystic Ovary Syndrome, my doctor put me on Yasmin but later switched me to Levora. This birth control has its pros &amp; cons. Pros: I never got pregnant, even though I was a little inconsistent w/ the time I took it &amp; sometimes would even forget. Cons: It did not help w/ my acne. I was easily irritated &amp; would be depressed when my period was coming. It was very difficult to shed pounds &amp; very easy to gain weight, so I had to be cautious w/ my food intake. I always had headaches, &amp; felt tired and lazy a lot of the time. Birth control effects everyone differently, but I would suggest trying another brand before trying this one.
I was on it for 10 days (5 tablets a day), it did not work for me and it was expensive even with insurance.  The tablets are sweet like candy so they are easy to take.
I got this strictly to not get pregnant, for which that it works great. Had a regular period the first week, then spotted on and off for about 2 months. I 've been on a slightly heavy period for almost a month now and if it goes over a month I 'm taking it out and sticking to condoms. Also I can lose weight on this unlike the pill. Started using it June 2013.
Levermir caused gas build up.
I have been taking this medication for OVER 7 weeks and I have only lost 4 lbs. I barely sleep, even if I take the pill at 6:30 am, and I do have to drink water often due to the dry mouth. The one great thing that I have noticed though, is that I no longer have those uncontrollable cravings for junk food.
Recommended by my endocrinologist, he gave me 3 pens as samples. Just started my third week into the liraglutide injections, had my first 1.8 last night. I 'm still experiencing a lot of cravings, and constant-ish hunger. My portions are smaller, not because I can 't eat more, but because I choose to make smaller plates. So far I 've lost 6 pounds since October 7th (to October 22nd). I 'm not really feeling the weight loss, or many side effects (mild nausea very infrequently, and some constipation). Hoping the higher doses have a better effect.
I 've had my Liletta IUD in for 6 months now and the insertion wasn 't bad, my periods come monthly for about a day or two. Everything was going good, but I 've noticed that I 've gained so much weight even while on a diet and working out daily I 've gained 30-40lbs while on it and I can not seem to lose any of it! I feel bloated and always tired. I 'm making an appointment and having it removed. So not worth all this weight I 'm putting on for no reason.
With most joint fluid replacement plans, you have to wait. MD 's should be telling you to get the full series, keep your range of motion good. Don 't make a decision about effectiveness until you COMPLETE the series, then wait 6-8 weeks.  Be weary of the reviews of those who indicate relief after one shot. 
I 've had the Nexplanon in since December. I got my period a week after and I STILL have my period and it 's almost May. I feel hungry all the time and it has made me break out and left red little scars on my face because the breakouts were so bad in the beginning. But they have calmed down now. I have gained a little weight also. Other than that it has saved me from getting pregnant a few times, but there are to many side effects.
I was officially diagnosed with AS in 2011 (at age 27) and started taking Enbrel. Enbrel did help reduce my pain after a few weeks but wrecked my immune system. If the flu was going around, I would be one of the first to get it. For a few years, I would take Enbrel to help with the pain but stopped during the flu season. This past year, I stopped taking Enbrel altogether because it was becoming less affective. I would recommend trying Enbrel if you have AS. I does help you, but might not be a long term solution for everyone.
It worked great, pain was totally gone.  But the side effects were awful; couldn 't sleep (for days), sweating lots (just sitting still in the air conditioning), bowel movements were so dry it was like passing glass. ETC, ETC.
I run regularly and have a resting heart rate in the low 50 's.  I 'm 56 years old and have been on metoprolol  for about 3 years until last week.  I also recently gave up caffeine. Last week I was sitting with a client and fainted.  After a trip to the ER and an overnight hospital stay, I learned it may not be a good idea for anyone who runs regularly with a low resting heart rate to take a beta blocker.  It could 've have been a much more expensive lesson 20 minutes earlier while I was driving.  Now I am searching for the best BP medicine for runners.. Any suggestion would be appreciated.
Day 2 of Celexa for anxiety. Ended up with headache, panic, dizziness, racing heart and thoughts. My typical anxiety wasn 't even as bad as that. Day 1 seemed okay, but after day 2 I 'm not happy with it. No more for me thanks!
I 've been taking Ambien now for about 8 months; I am also prescribed to benzos (clonazepam). Recently my doctor let me try a 7 day trial of Ambien CR- I did not feel much of a difference.  I have read many of the blogs that people have written and they seem to have the same problem as me...  sometimes it works and sometimes it does nothing!  Actually its been two weeks since I last took it until tonight and it seems to be having no effect.  If anyone has a solution I would love to hear about it.  Thanks. 
I am fifteen years old and started taking Vyvanse 30 mg dose in October.  I moved to 50mg and am now at 70mg.  At the lower dose I noticed definite improvement in my attention span and work ethic.  On the 70mg I feel anxious, depressed, and I have headaches constantly.  I feel like isolating myself socially from everyone else and am extremely moody.  I do not recommend more than 50mg of this medication to anyone.
I put a 5/10 rating because I have just started taking Latuda 20mg. The only side effect I have noticed is feeling drowsier than usual. I am most likely going to give it 1-2 weeks before jumping to the conclusion that it doesn 't work (as I was notorious for doing that after like 2 days of taking the medication). I am also taking Wellbutrin 300mg and Trazadone 50mg. I find I take Latuda after dinner or late snack as it does make me drowsy. However the Trazadone is like a miracle drug for me. Before I was taking it and when I took a break from it when I couldn 't afford them at the time I had the most restless sleeps imaginable. Was skeptical about starting Latuda as I am also taking 2 other medications. But Psychiatrist said it was safe.
Fifty six year old male. Obese but otherwise healthy. Rapaflo 8mg once a day for symptom associated with BPH. Rapaflo efficacy is measurably effective. Serious downside is decreased ejaculation intensity AND retrograde ejaculation. Dry as a bone. Talk about affecting quality of life. 
I am writing to share my experience.  The pill worked great for me in the period and mood sense but I developed a chronic cough.  The doctors kept telling me it was unrelated and I began taking all kinds of allergy meds which did little to help.  Then inhalers which helped but caused other issues.  This went on for 4 years.  I now am off the pill and the cough has stopped.  I can 't believe no one else has ever had this problem.
My husband asked for something to help with poopin  (he never needs help as he is very regular.  I gave him what I take Dulcolax little 5mg gold pills 2 pills at 11:30 pm His 1safter the first poop this am and after breakfast he got nauseasit has continued all day with finally taking pepto bismal to help cramps (which will turn your stool watery or not very dark to blackWe thought he had food poisoning as I have taken dulcolax for years with no problemThen I searched and to my surprise this Dr recommended laxative has made his Memorial Day weekend suck..2 colonoscopy no problemHe had the shivers, shakes, projectile vomiting after drinking water and terrible stomach cramps first time ever I have seen this Big man spend most of day in be
I started this pill about 2 months ago and during both months I bled in the middle of the pack. My doc insists its just breakthrough bleeding and that I am still protected but the bleeding is hard to deal with. It 's about as heavy as a period and it lasts at least 10 days! I 'm considering switching because of this. Other than that, no side effects, maybe a slight shift in mood... I 'm a little more agitated than usual.
It only made the pain in my arm mild.  It did not go away.  I am in school and do a lot of typing and my arm, shoulder and sometimes fingers experience lots of pain so my doctor gave me these pills.  They do not work well for me because I still feel the aches and pain just not as bad.  When I take two, I get sleepy, take a nap then I can operate almost pain free for at least 4-5 hours.
I am 20 years old and not looking to have children any time soon! I am sexually active and cannot use the pill because I have had a blood clot before. However, I have MS so it is important that I don 't get pregnant because of the meds I am on, therefore, I chose the IUD. Getting the IUD inserted was a breeze! I have a high pain tolerance, it only felt like a small pinch. My experience with it so far have been a nightmare unfortunately. I 've only had the IUD for a month so far and I 've bled everyday since! I get horrible stomach pain and cramps at times. I hope that this soon gets better or I will just go back to only using condoms.
I started taking this after my son was born because I am breastfeeding. I 've been on the medication for about 7 months now. Unfortunately, last month I had two periods! Two full periods, not spotting. This appears to be happening again this month, and I just can 't have my period every other week. It 's too messy and exhausting, on top of having a one year old.
Just started.  Feels geeky and doesn 't last long.  Need clorazepate and propanolol to calm down. Definite crash. But reduces fear and sleepiness and increases confidence and heart rate.  10 mg IR. Not sure will continue, nurse practitioner said call after 30 days.
I 've been on bentyl for a little over a month now. At first it was great, helped with the painful attacks I was having. Now I 'm so dizzy from it that I can 't function even as a stay at home mom. I can 't drive to my Dr appt and all I do is sit at home in a daze.
I was itching so bad one night after I started  using body wash down there I was itching so bad I could not sleep went to Cvs and got this product and used it immediately I felt relief !!!!!!
I chose Nexplanon because I have never been able to remember the pill. After inserting Nexplanon I bled constantly for six months. I have had Nexplanon in for a little less then two years and still bleed all time. Every time my husband and I are intimate I start my cycle that has been going on for two years. It is effective as a birth control but the bleeding in annoying and get expensive when you are always buying feminine products.
I got it on April 2nd 2015, and I don 't know what to think. It hurt and was bruised for the first week after I got it inserted ( which is normal ).  I weighted 115lbs when I got it, and now I 'm 125lbs. 10 lbs! No big deal right, but it 's been ONE month. Gaining weight is making me depressed, and no matter how much I want to work out I constantly feel tired and lazy. As far as mood swings I have them real bad. For the entire first month I snapped and yelled at everyone, and would go from yelling to crying to complaining. I hope my body goes back to normal because I can 't take it. When it comes to bleeding, I have spotted through an entire month, and while I 'm on my period, one day it 's heavy, the next it 's almost not there at all.
Been in Pain Management for 8 years.  Until 2 weeks ago I was taking 120 mg Methadone along with 5 X 30mg Oxycodone a day.  I have Spinal Stenosis, DDD, DJD,, Post Lamenectomy Syndrome, Osteoarthritis in knee, spine and shoulder.  I missed a pill count and was discharged.  2 Weeks later I finally got into another pain management clinic and he puts me on 4 Endocet 10/325 a day. Nothing in comparison to what I was on but it was my first visit..so I wait.  My first day on it and it already makes my stomach upset but it was worth it to get anything.
I got this in July. I started my regular period when I got it inserted and my period escalated to soaking through a pad every 10 minutes. I took birth control pills to fix this. I bled for 2 months straight like a normal period. Now I always am spotting, some days heavy flow. I usually always feel crampy now. I gained 10 pounds within two weeks of having this, all in my stomach. I always have migraines. I get more pimples and am ALWAYS tired. I randomly get sad and angry for no reason.  Also my sex drive has been slowly but surely diminishing. I am keeping it only because it 's keeping me baby free.
Third day of medicine but still having symptoms. Those of you who report adverse reactions and then go on taking the medicine should know that is not a good idea. I am allergic to several antibiotics, and my doc says stop taking at the first sign of any reaction as it can be very serious.
This was given, to me, intravenously in the E.R. for a severe migraine headache.  It didn 't relieve it immediately, but the pain did subside after sleeping for several hours. The side effects are numerous and I would be cautious of taking this again, for those reasons.
Started 6/22/16 weight 165lbs so far slight nausea but able to continue, my goal is 135
I have had 9 colonoscopies over the last 15 years, and of all the preps I have used, I dislike this one the most.  It is very effective at it 's job, but it is also too effective, for I have had loose bowels and watery discharge for over a week.  I will report this to my doctor, who I hope will advise his patients to use some other form of prep.
I 'm on day 3 and the only side effect I have had is itching, everywhere. My urinary tract infection is better but not gone yet.
It help with less migraines but I lost a ton of weight I usually was at 130-135  but Topamax I was at 112-115. I never had an appetite
Air bubbles in tube cause loss of medication.
I started taking 100mg of macrobid twice a day on Wednesday evening. It is now Tuesday, I have two pills left. One for this morning and one for tonight. I can 't wait to be off this medication. My uti symptoms were gone between day one and two but I was told to take all the medication even if it gets better. I take this medication at 8am and 8pm. From about 4pm-6pm I am extremely nauseous, it 's horrible. Then I also wake up off and on from 4-6am because of nausea. I always take the pill with a meal so I don 't know why I 'm still experiencing the nausea. That 's the only bad side effect I have experienced so far. Can 't wait to be done with this medication!
Helps ease the kidney stone pain and relaxes you as the kidney stone passes out.
Been taking Movantik 25mg for a year due to opioids.  After taking it, within 10 minutes the gas starts. I have an abdominal hernia and get a painful fist size knot that I have to push on to get it moving.  This drug is definitely not a sure thing.  I still have to take flax oil capsules or stool softeners and sometimes even that doesn 't help.  I do not go without having a movement for more than two days and then I start with the suppositories and magnesium citrate.  Before I got Rx for this drug I had constipation so bad I went to ER twice and that was the WORST enema experience.  I thought I was going to die from my pain and the sweating and chills and trying to push.  Eating apples daily helps when I can afford them!
I have absolutely loved the Mirena the last 4 years. I did not realize that the other issues I had could be contributed by the Mirena.  My scalp, my face, and my neck has broke out very badly.  The acne is like cysts in some areas.  They last for 6 months   and are very hard.  I have gained 65 lbs while working out 1 1/2 hrs a day by running 10 miles, gym time, or swimming laps. I eat healthy and stay away from junk food.  I recently started experiencing excessive  sweating.  Started with breasts sweating, then feet even wearing flip-flops, and now pouring from my forehead.  I love not having periods and am terrified of going back to bad cramps, but I believe that switching my method of birth control is the best thing I can do.
positive no side effects
I was taking  3- 25mg in the morning and 3 in the afternoon for about a year , after I started taking the pills I started to lose weight. In a year I went from 172 to 152lbs and I started to have problems remembering things, I stop talking them and now the doctor is switching me to botox and I 'm thinking about it.but the pills did worked, I was getting less headaches
I took two doses of this medicine as instructed, and afterwards experienced severe headache, bad stomach cramping and loose stools.
I have a Anterior labral tear Instant pain relief soon after the first dose (500mg twice daily) use codeine as a breakthrough medication  in case it gets more severe but other than that, highly recommended pain relief as an alternative to opioid medication 
I got this implant in May of 2015, it 's now March of 2016. The insertion procedure was very easy and relatively painles . The issues came a week later when I started bleeding. I knew that it would take some getting used to but I never anticipated to bleed 10 months like I did. I went to my doctor almost in tears wanting it to be removed ASAP. Because the adolescent unit was out I 'd have to wait until the following week. I was about to give up until they suggested birth control pills to use until then. Only two days and pills AND MY BLEEDING HAS STOPPED. I 'm cancelling the removal. Other than the bleeding, its very effective. I 've had so much sex while on it and I 'm always covered. I have some migraines and gained a few pounds. So worth it.
I have had psoriasis my entire life, the last 6 years, it has been so bad on my feet, walking is a problem. I have been on Otezla for about 3 weeks. Here is what I have experienced; I have had some good results on my feet, but a bit of a trade off. Loss of appetite, nausea occasionally, no headaches at all, and only one day of feeling lethargic and a bit sad. I also get itchy, sometimes my skin crawls especially at night, and yesterday my bones actually ached. It is so random when this comes and goes. I am still on the fence a bit with it. I am hoping these things will go away. I haven 't heard anything about long term effects.
This is my 3rd week on Trulicity. The first 2 weeks weren 't good. I had bloating, stomach pain,  indigestion and constipation. It woke me up in the night. My blood sugar wasn 't improving either. I took my 3rd dose 2 days ago. Yesterday and last night, I had the bloating and stomach pain. I started feeling better this morning. Some of the gas passed and I struggled through the rest. This morning, my fasting blood sugar was 130 when it has been 190-225 in the past. This is an improvement, but I 've got a ways to go yet. I feel better if I eat very small meals and have a healthy snack in between. It 's better than Victoza.
Of all the biologics , Enbrel is my best compromise.It takes away most of the arthritic symptoms but does not do as well a job on the psoriasis.I think the pharms concentrate of Blocking the T cell when they should work on the overall underlying issue of inflammation.If you can control the whole bodies inflammation, then you 'd go a LONG way to solve numerous so called diseases.
I suffered such heavy periods, used to soak through overnight/maternity pads within minutes on a bad day, so you can imagine how life limiting it was.  I was 48yo, had 3 kids. My gyno suggested a marina, thinking it would last 5 years so lasting me through until menopause. I was put under whilst it was inserted. My periods have since been irregular, spotty, unannounced but a lot lighter. To the point I 'd wear either a panty liner or small pad. But it did change my life in that I could finally do things! Bad points: my hair has thinned, I now suffer from depression and anxiety, am constantly bloated, can 't lose weight.  But I thought it to be worth it as I could do things if I could find the energy that is.  Today it changed.
I 've been taking it for 4 months, I take it at night around 10 and to be honest the only thing that bothers me is my boobs are sore and hurt all month long but I mean I can deal with it. Also it didn 't help with my period cramps they are still very painful. but no acne or nauseous feelings
I began taking ortho primarily to help regulate my periods, which are both very irregular and heavy. I typically don 't have very severe cramps, so I can 't comment on that. However, about a month into taking this, I started experiencing extreme nausea and about weekly vomiting. At the time, I was dealing with a ton of stress/anxiety, so I partially attribute my illness to that. The nausea/vomiting was severe, seemingly random (but commonly occurred at night/early morning), leaving me not wanting to do anything/go out, feeling constantly tired &amp; run down, and with no appetite whatsoever as the thought of food made me ill. About 3.5 months later, I stopped taking ortho and I haven 't vomited since. Just be careful in trying different BCs.
My symptoms, including persistent nagging cough, resolved within four (4) weeks of beginning this medicine.  However, after being symptom free for almost 3-6 months, my symptoms returned.  I am now taking double the dose, but have yet to experience the resolution I had initially.
I took it for 11 months and had to stop due to sudden spotting once a week. My body got used to the progestin and started shedding too much of my lining (what my doc said). I had such a great experience with it I am sad to see it not work for me anymore! I had my period every 3 months due to how horrible they were in the past, but on this pill my periods improved a ton. I went from being bed ridden for hours to an actual functioning woman. Sure I had cramps but they were just normal compared to what I was used to. Periods were shorter but not lighter. My breasts grew a lot as well. Didn 't gain any weight other than that. No other symptoms.
I was experiencing asthma symptoms from being exposed to a cat. After using Asthmanerfrin starter kit, I felt it work pretty quickly, but also noticed that my heart rate increased, hand tremors, and within a few minutes I began to cough up phlegm with blood. Then about a half hour later, I started to experience tightness in my left lung and it became difficult to swallow. Using the product, only for a few days, I haven 't experienced problems with the mechanical functions, and it didn 't bother me that it was a different product than a typical inhaler. I kept it clean, like instructed. However, I am concerned with the side effects I 've experienced and plan to check with the pharmacist. I fear I am allergic to this product.
I got the Nexplanon implant in August 2015 due to having extreme menstrual cramps and was desperate for a remedy. I have to say, it has worked for me well in that regard. No nausea, vomiting, crawling around on the floor for 2 days begging for the pain to stop as I had done for several years prior. The tradeoff, however, is that I have been bleeding from around end of September 2015 to now. Because of other health issues, I am limited in choosing other methods but I can 't bleed like this forever! No other side effects except the occasional twinge of pain at the insertion site. Now I 'm really weighing my options to have it removed and risk the return of the godawful cramps that brought me to the decision, or no cramps but bleed out.
I had mirena put in about 8 months ago.  So far it works as far as preventing pregnancy. I have 2 kids.  But I bleed every time I have sex and it becomes painful at times to have sex. I spot all the time to and cramp on and off. Don 't really like how it makes me feel. But it 's the best birth control I 've found so far.
I have been on Epclusa for 10 weeks. No side effects, and was undetectable at week 5. I just found out it came back so I am not really hopeful right now about being cured. How does it come back while I 'm taking the medication?
At first, I thought Nexplanon was great. The insertion didn 't hurt, my insurance covered the entire cost, and I nearly eliminated my chances of getting pregnant for three years. But then the side-effects kicked in. The first couple of months I didn 't have a period, but I did have severe mood swings and anxiety. I have seen a significant decrease in my sex drive. And now, six months into the b/c, I have spotting and cramps nearly everyday. On the plus side, I haven 't noticed any weight gain, and my acne has cleared up.  This is a great option for those whose bodies agree with Nexplanon. Mine, however, does not seem to. I 'm thinking about getting it removed, but I 'm not sure which b/c method to switch to.
I 've been in the pill about 3 months , I switched from Nuvaring which was a nightmare so at first I was glad there were way less strong side effects. However I started birth control pills at 140lbs 3 months later I now weigh 157 . I am constantly bloated and I want to eat like I 'm pregnant all the time. I also experience extreme mood swings which I 'm sure are because of the pill ( my boyfriend noticed too)  My sex drive is almost non existent on top of severe vaginal dryness. I also have cramps every time I get up suddenly , which although they are way less painful than the Nuvaring ones they are constant. Lets just say I 'm getting off this pill next month &amp; definitely excited .
Have been on 350mg for the past three years. It has stopped the feeling of daily dread and pain in my chest that I felt for so long before. I still have little energy through the day but can &quot;pull it together&quot; for my time with my kids or to do important tasks. I have gained fifty pounds. I have a difficult time reaching orgasm.  
I started Avastin in November of 2009 after my spinal cord tumor started growing again. I was diagnosed with brain cancer in February 2009. The tumor is in my spinal cord, not in my brain. It effects my right leg. Makes it weak. I had surgery and went through radiation and chemo in April. The tumor was shrinking all summer and then started to grow again. In November 2009, I started Avastin as an addition to the existing Chemo called Temodar. As soon as I started Avastin, the tumor started to shrink, but my symptoms got way worse. So, I have a shrinking tumor, but side effects that are worse. 
My normal periods involved changing a super plus tampon hourly/wearing an overnight pad for 3 days, then 2 medium flow days, severe diarrhea, vomiting and extreme bloating and very paining cramps, heavy cloting.  I decided to try this and the first two weeks were great, no bleeding or pain, then I got my period and it was very light with minimal cramps for one day! I was soooo happy I cried. One month later I 'm still bleeding! It 's super light and I only see light pink blood when I wipe.  I hope it ends soon going to give it time and a few more shots. I don 't think anyone should get this shot unless they were in my position with an abnormal heavy/painful period.  I rather have light spotting for months than one week of extreme pain.
I hadn 't been to the bathroom for almost one week. My stomach was rock hard, and I felt so sick. I took three senna tablets at 7pm. At around 2am I woke up with the most horrible stomach cramps and gas. I lay on my left side with a cushion pressing into my cramping stomach until 5am I had the most intense urge to poo. I barely made it on the toilet.. I had explosive diarrhea. It was the most painful stomach cramps I have ever had, I sat on the toilet for an hour bent over my legs crying from the pain. I still feel sick and crampy at 6pm. It did get the poo out but it was horrifically painful.
My urologist has just put me on the cream 3 times a week for preventing uti 's. I just started using it so not sure if it will help with this but I pray that it does because the past year I have had one UTI after another and I am tired if being on antibiotics all the time. The antibiotics are so hard on my gut. Anyways no libido and hopefully that will improve too. So far no bad side effects either so that 's good. I will be. 60 in may. I always was very active sexually now I don 't even want to be touched and my husband is not happy but understanding. So anyways will report back and hopefully this cream is a miracle worker!
I 'm taking 10mg as prescribed.  I didn 't feel the need for it but the Dr. recommended it.  I 'm hoping my sex drive will increase and to be more patient when driving (not as irritable).  I 'm still in week one but I do have multiple side effects:  nausea, head aches.  I really hope they stop soon.  I 'm still optimistic about this med.  Reading some reviews on here helped.  If it doesn 't get better, I 'll just stop.
I have only been on Belviq for 1 week. I 'm not sure if I have lost any weight yet. I am experiencing many side effects. Bad headache, slightly dizzy, very tired (napping almost daily), and stomach issues (heartburn &amp; diarrhea). I 'm giving it 6 weeks and then I will decide what to do. I 'm hoping the side effects go away within another week.
I am in my mid 20s. I weigh 204 and I am 5 '3. Today on 8/17/17 is my first day taking this pill. I took it two hours after breakfast which was around 10am. At least 2 hours later I started to feel weird, not a bad weird either. I just felt alert, awake and so energize that I shake if I 'm sitting still. I don 't mind it at all because I 'm usually sluggish and tired. I had a small lunch and I feel completely satisfied, which is crazy. I 'm trying to be optimistic about this process that I 'm doing because I do need my lifestyle to improve. We all deserve to be happy in someway or form. At the moment, the size and look of my body has stopped me from living. I hope this will give me a kick start to change. I will keep you updated! Wish me luck
Going to have to decrease dosage (50mg 2x daily) or quit Lyrica due to loss of memory &amp; confusion &amp; jerking. Once could top out any IQ tests but my husband says I can 't even find my &quot;behind&quot; anymore. Taking it for neuropathy &amp; came home from complete knee surgery with foot drop in leg operated on. Now the other foot has dropped half way so I am all but an invalid. No more going outside for me to enjoy our horses on our farm. The dry mouth I got with Lyrica also frightens me as afraid I will lose my teeth as others have. Lyrica also causes severe sleepiness. I guess it MIGHT have stopped the shooting pains in my feet at night?
I took Effexor for many years. I believe I was becoming resistant to it because it wasn 't addressing my depression anymore. I tapered off as slowly as possible and I can safely say it is the worst withdrawal I have ever had in my life. Nausea, dizziness, sickly feeling, huge brain zaps, lethargy, headaches. It was horrible. I am so glad to be off of it. My new medication, wellbutrin and lexapro are much better in controlling my chronic major depression. I will never be off drugs, but I would never take this drug again.
Well I got mines on August 11th and well it was great at first until that second month then I bled for 3 and a half weeks then it stopped for a few weeks then came another period lasted for 3 weeks as well.  I have been moody and sad not feeling like myself. I don 't like it that much but this period is very annoying because I can 't be on my period for months ugh never
at age 60 biopsy showed prostate cancer psa was 10. had it out.  After it was out, psa still ten.  Started Lupron and psa dropped to 0 for two years.  Then my doc suggested I  go without the lupron... I did for 8 months and my psa climbed to 4. back on lupron and it dropped to zero.  Did lupron for another year, then went off of it again. Why? The side effects, bad arthritis hot flashes, weight gain, 30 lbs in first two months, then no more.  No libido and everything shrinks.  No body hair. It was a joy to get off that stuff for awhile but my psa started climbing again. Now back on Lupron, but no change in psa.  Went to a monthly shot, my psa stayed at 4.  Added Casodex, grew boobs,  really bad.  My psa is now 2.  I 've been fighting cancer now for 6 years.
Causes too many lows
I find that taking Lamictal has made my condition of bipolar disorder has made me feel better about myself and influenced my ambitions.It is a wonderful drug and has kept me from having any suicidal thoughts, which I have had in the past.The only thing that is irritable about the drug is itching.It drives me a little crazy but I feel a lot better, and I am glad to tell everyone about it.
This pill has its upsides and downsides. I suffer from chronic severe migraines possibly hormone related and although in the beginning they got a lot worse, after one year on the pill my migraines have reduced to almost non-existent. I also suffer from PCOS and saw dramatic improvement with my periods. They became lighter and always on their time, whereas before the pill I used to bleed 2-3 times per month. However, this pill is not a panacea and it is definitely not harmless. My libido has reduced, I  too experience the occasional paranoia and extreme irritability, my cholesterol and triglycerides have risen although I follow a balanced diet and exercise but I did not gain any weight. All in all this pill works but needs a lot of patience.
I have only been on Prozac for 2 days, I haven 't had any irritable moments like I normally do but that could just be normal for me.  I am anxious about the side effects, and anxious to know if this is going to help me.  I am 30 years old and have suffered from OCD, and anxiety for years.  I have never taken anything for it, I just thought it was something I could control on my own, but came to the realization that I can 't control everything.  Now I am just waiting to see what happens and if this wonder drug will work for me.
I have tried this formula the plain Vicks 44 for the past year and a half. It helps and is better than others on the market but just does not do the job like the formulas 44D and 44M . I would rate the D formula as the best ever made and then the M formula the next best with that making the plain 44 as the bottom product. But now I can 't even find the straight 44 formula at the places to shop in my town. So I came on line to find out if I could order it online.
Was prescribed this medicine to combat my generalized anxiety disorder. It worked fine for a few months, but then I got depressed.  I didn 't want to leave the house, talk on the phone, or even text or email any friends at all.  I also gained 20 lbs.  That might have had something to do with the depression that suddenly came about also.  This might work for some people, but I was not one of them.
Age 29, Japanese. I 've been on this BC for about 1.5week and this is my first time to use BC in my entire life. I was very worried about using Orsythia that is not approved in Japan. I couldn 't even find any info in Japanese, so wasn 't sure if it fits Japanese bodies. Right after I started to take the pill, I had the same symptoms as I do during period such as cramping. On the 9th day, I started to bleed but like a spot (still need a pad). I checked the Japanese site and found out that it was a normal side effect ppl have when they start to use BC. So maybe even using different brands, I would have the same thing. The site said that the symptoms wouldn 't last longer than 3 months. I 'm still bleeding on the 11th day but gotta see.
Problems with periods after going off Nuva ring. Irregular periods for over 6 months
I was put on this a few days ago. It does seem to level out my mood and it seems to make me &quot;spin out&quot; a lot less. Sleeping better after stressful situations and am bouncing back from emotional setbacks much better. Only problem so far is I am unable to ejaculate. Hoping they find something that will allow me a sex life though. I am dizzy and groggy on it too. But I will definitely use this if no other treatment gives me the peace that Fanapt does.
I felt that this medication worked wonders in the past.  This time it seems different.  The symptoms seemed gone after a night or so and then returned.  It is almost unbearable again.  The Dr. gave me several pills, so I might have to take another one tomorrow.  I sure hope this clears up.  I have heard you should not eat bread or carbs if you have a yeast infection.  Not sure though.
I 'm giving it a 5 for the moment. I just started it last week and it looks like I 'll have to commit at least 2-3 months to see if it really helps. The first week, I was on 25mg and I could feel the change in productivity and lack of procrastination. However, when talking to people, I almost felt like I was over focusing which resulted in not hearing what they were saying at all. I did have a couple of days of facial flushing and water retention.Today I started 60mg and I haven 't been as lethargic and tired in a long time! I got hardly anything done. My eyes were burning because I just wanted to sleep. I felt down on myself for being so lazy.
Levermir caused gas build up.
Got this in March it 's now end of August. It does a good job of birth control because I 've had unprotected sex over 10x with this and I 'm not pregnant. but its so annoying because I spot for 3 weeks, that 's way too long. It 's stressful and I hate it. I gained 10 pounds, I 'm only keeping it for the birth control and because it regulates my addictive sexual activity.
So, my experience with plan b one step. Right now, I am not sure if it work or not. Last month in January, I had to take plan one step twice. Mistake happen 2 weeks apart. First mistake, took the pill 9 hrs after sex, and Second mistake, took the pill 5 hrs after sex. The 2 times I took it, I spotted a couple of days after. Right now, I am still waiting for my period. Been having a sour stomach, nausea, burping, for awhile. And time to time sore breast. Still no period. Hoping the pill worked. 4 negative pregnancy test. Having really bad anxiety panic attacks. :(Praying the pill 's work!
It did not work. 
I was taking Percocet for some 6 years and I felt it was time for a change. I was put in Norco 10-325, same level as the Percocet I was taking.The first dose gave me a pleasant high and seem to be effective on the pain.....but....about one hour later, u became horribly nauseated...and vomited up the medication!Future doses proved the same results. This went on for @ 10 days,even with an empty stomach. I tried Dramamine, water pills, Bonine, Metzlicine, but no matter what, it made me horribly nauseated!, in addition to that, I felt very lathorgic, brain dead, and my sense of taste and smell seem to elude me.although it did release the pain, the side effects superceded the benefits. I am now back on my Percocet 10-325.
Had severe panic attacks and agoraphobia out of nowhere. P doc put me on paxil. Really rough start up symptoms. Dizzy, SUPER spacey, lethargic, bad sweats. After a week or two at 30 mg I stabilized. Anxiety was a bit better, but still pretty bad. Eventually went off it because I was so lethargic and spacey. Felt depressed because I was such a zombie and didn 't get excited or wanted to do anything.
Insertion wasn 't bad, some bruising the next 2 days after the insertion. For the first 4 months periods were either non-existent through the month, or very light and lasting 3 days or so. I have now been on my period for 2 months straight. Its very light but extremely annoying. I haven 't gained weight but my eating habits have gotten slightly worse in the past 2 months while on my period.I have also been constantly stressed and tired. I have never had a cold sore until about 3 days ago which could be from stress which I think leads back to the nexplanon. I 'm seriously thinking about finding a new birth control/something to regulate my hormones. I especially wouldn 't recommend nexplanon if you are content with a different form of birth control
I 've been taking Contrave for 3 weeks today and so far I 've lost 7 pounds. I 'm also doing the Scale Down program which has shown that my weight is still fluctuating, but that 's most likely due to my hypothyroidism. The side effects I experienced during the second week were pretty unbearable but I called my doctor and he said to make sure to take my dose on an empty stomach and I haven 't had any issues since then. Right now I 'm taking two pills in the morning and one at night. Hoping to see some long term weight loss with this medication. So far, so good!
My son has taken this before and it worked fine.  My 17 month old daughter was just prescribed this after amoxicillin didn 't take care of her ear infection.  After 4 days, her gums swelled up really bad, became bright red and then started bleeding on the 5 day. She also developed diarrhea.  I immediately took her back and they put her on Zithromax.  I think we are finally on something that will work for her.  My son can take this medication, but my daughter can 't.
I 'm 19 and I got my Skyla maybe about two weeks or so ago. It was a last minute decision being I hated the effects of the Depo Shot. So I got it, once it went in, YES it is as bad as they say. Two weeks after including for  me, heavy bleeding and HUGE cramps still. Maybe it got put in wrong or maybe it 's just how it works, but this pain is not worth it, It 's made me lose my appetite due to cramping.
Cipro caused me to have horrible panic attacks. I have been dealing with anxiety for the last 1.5 years, but had been doing so much better the last 5 months or so. I was prescribed it for a UTI, after my original antibiotic wouldn 't be covered by ins. and I couldn 't afford it. I will never take it again if I can help it all. It has set me back so much and even though I 've finished it up over a week ago I am dealing with worsened anxiety still. I know it was the medication. I haven 't been that bad since I started having trouble to begin with. It was awful. I 've also had a lot of stomach issues since and can 't help but wonder if it was the medication. I think the stuff is like poison for some people!!
Been on/off topamax since I was 15, I 'm now 21. First time I took topamax at 15, I went frm 235lbs to 114lbs. Over time I got used to it &amp; couldn 't find something to help w/my binge eating disorder. I gained all the weight I lost &amp; more over a 5yr period of trying to lose it/find the right meds to help. 2012 17 y/o tried topamax &amp; had bad anxiety so that didn 't last long. 2015 20 y/o I weighed 248lbs, the biggest I 've been. Was on phentermine (diet pill, 37.5mg) for a few months but was starting to get used to it. Decided to try topamax again (50mg 2x a day) along w/vyvanse (ADHD/binge eating, 70mg) &amp; lexapro (depression, 20mg). Currently 160lbs. Always adjusting my meds though, I seem to get used to them quickly.
Took 4 hours to work on first litre of Moviprep...was up all night
There isn 't a dosage level low enough for me to tolerate. I have horrible chronic constipation, and Linzess works well to guarantee waste is evacuated . But regardless of how much I tried to ensure I was getting a low dosage, Linzess always causes projectile diarrhea (if that 's a thing - but you get the idea). Bottom line, it acts as a laxative to me. But does not evacuate those hard rabbit pellets magnesium citrate laxatives get.
Symptoms I had before being put on Cipro were the usual - blood in urine, pressure on bladder, need to pee every 10 seconds even after going, stinging. After being on 500 mg twice almost all the symptoms were gone but the side effects were horrible. I had nausea, headache, diarrhea, drowsiness and some chest pain. The size of the pills are relatively huge too. Not supposed to split them but I did anyway cos it got stuck in my throat and made me throw up my dinner once. I put the split pill into a 00 veggie capsule which makes it easy to swallow and I can 't taste the bitterness.
RO: isentress 1 &times; 2 cpr./zi       Kivexa 1 &times; 1cpr./ziIn ARV onset of onset.Headache, difficulty in breathing, feeling of &quot;claw&quot; in the heart area with diffuse stomach pain and reduced appetite. The presence of diffuse pain in the pulmonary area accompanied by difficulty in breathing and dyspnoea at rest. TA fluctuating values between 160/80 max and 100/84 min. Urine discoloration, fat accumulation in the abdomen. Rare feeling of pronounced weakness and deterioration of concentration.Without laboratory specifications (second month of new patient treatment)
I went to my doctor 4/26/2016 &amp; weighed 225. I have been eating &amp; working out the way he says to. I was a little eager to weigh myself yesterday. I lost 2lbs. So I 'm starting somewhere. I will update you guys in a month! Good luck everyone!
Ok, I 'm back to share my experience with Pylera. I completed a 10-day dose of 12 pills/day.Glad that I read reviews before begining or else the side effects would 've concerned me.From. day 1, I experienced daily nausea even though I ate a small meal with each dose, had a slight headache for about 3 days, my feces turned blackish brown by day 3 &amp; lost its stink! No kidding! I also felt a little off, i.e. a feeling not quite right &amp; a little tired. I drank a lot of water with each dose just as stated. I wont know the results for another 2-3 weeks. In the mean time I am taking Omeprazol 2x daily &amp; a Probiotic.
You get used to this and need to take more, or not take it (therefore not drive) for about a week. But only  'helpful ' insights will be printed (after editing). So my saying $3600 a month for 60 pills? Really? Are they worth their weight in gold? They don 't seem to have any side effects, for me. Other then tremors. So that 's a plus. Should they cost more than most people make in a year? I am disabled, and receive $10,000 a year. After researching I 'm not finding any major payouts from the company, due to lawsuits. (I realize awards are confidential, but there hasn 't been many cases. Who(m) am I kidding. This won 't be printed. I just HAD to say something, because the cost is  abominable. Ok. I c $$ How did u do the A-spam thing? Impressed!
The doctor didn 't tell me if I had Bacterial Vaginitis or Trichomoniasis, but he said that I can be cured from both using those pills. He gave me metronidazole in the form of vaginal suppositories, for 10 days every 24 hours and a cream. This is my second time with the treatment because the first time it didn 't work. The first time, I used it for 7 days, and other pills that I don 't remember the name but the experience was the same. This time I 'm on the third day and I 'm not having odor or a lot of fluids coming out, just the white one from the pills. But I saw today a green discharge and I 'm worried because I feel like I 'm not doing it right because I have to insert it with my fingers and I don 't know if it goes all the way through.
Side effects are horrible. Fatigue,dizziness,foggy head,aching muscles &amp; burning toes.
The doctor put me on Ogestrel because I made the mistake of telling him that my period never started when the white pills started on my previous birth control. However they did come every month so it wasn 't a big deal to me. He put me Ogestrel because it was the highest dose to give. After the first month I thought I was going crazy. I had absolutely NO control over my emotions. Not to mention it led to constant chest pains. I have a mitrovalve prolapse. Most birth controls says not to take it if you have a valve problem but I 've been on them since I was 16 and never had any problems. My fiance and my mom couldn 't stand my rapid changing emotions and she told me I don 't care what the doctor says COME OFF THEM. No problems since I changed back to my old one.
I 've been on Alesse for three months now, half way through third pack. I 've been been getting my period half way threw the active pills. This has been happening ever month like clock work. It usually ends around the time I start taking the sugar pills. I 'm curious if this is happening to anyone else.
About a year and a half ago I went into the doctor for what they called a uti, that then later was a yeast infection.  this went on for months until I couldn 't take it. They finally tested me which later was actually chlamydia. Finally a real diagnosis. During this time my vagina was very swollen and I had a spot that 's been there for some time. I thought it was a scar  as it had never changed but during the swollen period this spot seemed bigger. I 've asked several doctors about this spot over time. None were worried. The other day I went into the doctor to have to have it checked she first told me it was a cyst. Now she says it is  Genital warts. I went to get a second opinion they confirmed. I 've had diarrhea and some upper respiratory problems
I took Aviane for one year.  It certainly did what it was supposed to do--I never got pregnant--and I actually lost about 12 pounds while I was on it (although that might have been more due to lifestyle changes).  However, this pill turned me into an emotional wreck. I suddenly began to have bad PMS (which had never been a problem before), and the rest of the month I experienced unpredictable mood swings, BAD anxiety and extreme irritability (the brunt of most of which was borne by my unfortunate boyfriend).  I stopped taking Aviane in August, and my mood improved drastically, and stabilized.  I 've been wary of going back on hormonal birth control, but since IUDs aren 't an option financially, I 'm trying again with Microgestin 1/20.
I have had Bipolar Disorder/Personality Disorder and severe depression for about 30 years and have tried just about every medicine there is. A recent set-back had me in hospital: my Dr. decided to put me on Seroquel XR 400 mg along with my other medicines. In the beginning it seemed  to help me, as time went on my symptoms of low mood suicidal thoughts, etc. came back...most important to note was the WEIGHT GAIN. In under a year almost 50 lbs for no real reason. Extreme fatigue and sleepiness-hard to get out of bed in the mornings! Am now reducing dosage to slowly get off it as per Dr. 's orders and switching to an alternative. I am hoping this will work.
I had Mirena put in after my second child. I don 't notice any of the side effects listed. The only thing I am worried about is anxiety. I 've been dealing with anxiety since what seems like when I had it put in. My periods are extremely light (panty liners only) but last more days than before having Mirena.
This medicine was given to me for a bacterial infection that I had from a abscess on my butt. It did help rid the infection but I had almost every possible side effects that comes with this medicine. I had a loss of appetite, nausea, vomiting whenever I would try to eat or right after and whenever I would attempt to take another pill. I also had crazy thoughts or hallucinations not sure what was going on. I couldn 't sleep, couldn 't stand for longer than a few seconds without get dizzy. I almost passed out in the shower every day. I had really bad fevers that would go back and forth all day. I could go on but I 'll be all day. I was told to stop taking it once I developed a bad diaper rash. It works but it may not be worth all the side effect
It 's better in a smaller dose for me for my back painas bigger doses  almost makes me feel drunk
Finally, after being reduced from 100mg to 75 mg to 50 mg, it was working great. Then on 50mg I started getting dizzy spells that lasted a week. They just came out of the blue.  Went to the gym in winter and was getting dizzy after workout. Lowered to 25 mg...was still working and no dizzy spells but I was still having mind body functioning problems. My doctor switched me to Prozac. It is not helping the depression and 5mg makes me nervous and is not lifting the depression so back to the doctor to get put back on 25mg of Zoloft. I hope the 25mg starts to make me feel better. Yes, I fear if dosage is increased to 50mg the week long dizzy spells will come back. 50mg Zoloft was working so well.
I was prescribed Prozac for depression last November and felt nausea for 2 weeks of taking it then it wore off. It worked really well for me until April this year and the effects seemed to just wear off. It was like I was leading somebody elses life. I wasn 't in control of anything I did. I was extremely impulsive and took 3 overdoses on Prozac and was admitted to a psychiatric ward for adolescents. Once I came off Prozac I was able to control my implusiveness but I was very very low in mood and I had really bad electric shock impulses in my face, chest, arms and lips.
Today is day 14 on Zoloft. It 's been a rough 2 weeks with the only side effects being heightened anxiety &amp; panic. Now I 'm past the first two weeks I should start to feel some improvement right?? I 'm currently relying on lorazepam to function.
I think this medication really could have worked for me, but I just not get through the headache side effect.
Just started yesterday.  No effects yet.  However, my doctor said she would fight to have me on this medication and insurance turned it down, the I tried the card supplied with Contrave and the pharmacy said they couldn 't take it without insurance, so I had to pay full amount.  Does anyone have any ideas to help me?  I am a VERY active 51 year old that has been fighting this weight it seems forever.  I keep working out harder and eating sensibly and still can 't lose weight.  I really hope this helps me, I love to be active and since getting a management position have gained 50 lbs.  I 'm 250 - 5 '9&quot;.I just hope I can afford it.
This patch worked great on my cruise but I am still having side effects from the withdrawal 2 days later.  The side effects are not fun.
Lisinopril is an effective blood pressure medicine, however one of its significant side effects is Rosacea. I needed to stop taking and switch to beta blocker atenolol to control my blood pressure.
I was prescribed Zocor back in January 2011 and after about two weeks of taking the medication I experienced changes that was unusual.  My heart was racing so I stopped. After visiting my doctor to have my blood pressure checked, I informed her that I haven 't been taking the medication.  She was not happy and requested I schedule another blood test to check my cholesterol which I did.  A few days after the test she put me back on Zocor which I have been taking  March 10th.  Since starting back on Zocor, I have experienced not sleeping through the night and continuous burping.  I am not very good about exercise and have a problem with my diet so I do need some type of medication. 
Has anyone encountered problems with their eyes after being on Amour Thyroid.  It is curious to me that I feel better than I have in a long time, however, things keep happening to my eyes.. ...First a detached retina, cataracts, and now macular problems. Never had eye problems before and my vision stayed the same as when I was 12 years old until last year when I started Amour. Any connection???
I 'm 35, female, I took Wellbutrin December to May this year to treat major OCD, depression and ADD. The main effects I experienced: Slight decrease in depression/OCD. Did not make me more social or &quot;feel good&quot; mood-wise. Easier to concentrate at work. Definitely increased ability to work hard and be more competitive and confident. Better able to stand up for myself and express what I want. Heightened sexual drive.However, I had 5-6 major anger out-bursts with people in my life, during this time. Screamed at someone, slapped someone, yelled, wrote a nasty letter. I 've never, ever in my life had anger issues. A friend experienced the same thing on Wellbutrin, with the anger. I 'm currently decreasing my dose, and may go off the drug completely
So this is day 2 after getting Paragard and am still in pain. The insertion was unbelievably bad! No kids and already heavy cycle to start. I have many tattoos so I can take the pain but I am glad that its over with. The cramps are painful and come and go! I am hopeful and will stick this out bc I can 't have any hormonal bc any more due to migraines with aura and possibility of stroke with use. I can 't wait for this pain to go away!
It caused tummy aches for my 6 year old
I 've been on contrave for about 6 weeks. I 've dropped only about 5 pounds. I could not handle the severe nauseousness so I only take 3 pills a day. 4 is too much for me. But this pill does curve my appetite after about 10 minutes of eating.
Now, I know what its like to be a down spout.
I am rating this drug a 5 at this point because it has neither been a good experience, nor a bad one. Today is the 7 day mark for me. My weight has not budged since day one, but it 's only a week in. I 'm drinking a LOT more water and trying to make wise meal choices. I seem to get full with less food than before I started Belviq, but I am hungry most of the time. I am also on the brink of falling asleep all day long. I can 't seem to really wake up, truly, until about 2:00 in the afternoon ( 'I 'm up at 5:30 during the week).  I am hopeful based on what I 've read online about the drug, but so far for me personally - no suppression of appetite, substantial reduction in energy level and no weight loss :O(
I only take 5mg of Saphris in the morning plus Estroven that helps my anger and it has helped me a lot. I used to take 10mg but gave me suicidal thoughts so I just take 5mg in the morning only taking it day by day. 
Got headaches and felt tired constantly so I switched to Prozac.
I was diagnosed with pcos a few weeks ago after never having regular periods. I was put on provera to make me bleed 3 weeks later and still no bleeding.With  metformin I haven 't had any side effects and haven 't lost any weigh and still no pregnancy. feeling very down about this I 'm only 22. 
Been on it for about a month now. Was on 30mg, now on 60mg so far feel a little better but not much. Hopefully will improve. Side effects: night sweats, tremors, a little nausea paranoia and anxiety.
I have been on this birth control before (this time) and had no problems with it.  This time, when I started using it again my breasts were very tender the first two months. I have had no problems with my period coming when it is supposed to while I have been on Sprintec.  I am on my fourth package right now and only half way through the month.  Last night I woke up because of cramping was up for 1 1/2 hours with really painful cramps in my back and pelvic area.  I woke up this morning to discover that my period had started, a week and a half early.       I have also noticed that my skin has been much more oily this time around and I have been getting acne increasingly on my face and upper back.
I used to have very irregular periods but while on TriNessa they came right when they were supposed to. It did not however help at all with the heaviness of my period or my mild acne! And I gained 10 pounds. I am going to talk to my doctor to see if anything will make me not experience weight gain( and acne). 
Just started contrave today. Wish me luck.!!!
I was given a prescription of 30mg Restoril by my GP doctor to help combat recurring bouts of insomnia. While it did nothing to help me fall asleep, it did help me in a couple of other ways. I frequently suffer from tension headaches and noticed after 15 minutes of my first dose the headache was completely eradicated which lead me to believe that it does well as a muscle relaxer . Another property of the drug which I found helpful was a significant decrease in anxiety and made me more comfortable in social situations . I never felt &quot;high&quot; just an increased desire to interact with my fellow peers. So while I can 't give it a glowing review for the reason it was prescribed, other effects outweighed the uselessness of the intended treatment.
Didn 't do much for my panic episodes even at 80mgs a day. What it did do, is make me not care about sex, even years after taking them. And it made my emotions numb, I couldn 't cry at a funeral for a beloved family member when I knew I should have been hysterical.
Took Remeron/mirtazapine few years ago for about one week &amp; gained about 15 (unwanted pounds). I just ate and slept so I stopped after a week! Was taking it first thing in the morning at the time but this doc said take at night. I need the appetite stimulation now so I 'm prescribed it again. Don 't know if I could handle the ravenous, uncontrollable appetite it gives though and don 't remember the effect on my depression as I was too consumed with eating. 
My experience wasn 't the greatest it did was it was suppose to (not get pregnant) But my periods would be for a month and then have a couple day break. I gained 24 lbs. Yeah not good. My hormones were ALL messed up. I used to have clear skin not oily no blackheads nothing and I get more and more acne. I would NOT recommend this.
I 've been using it for 5 days. I think it 's a VERY strong medication.  It hurts, it burns, and it 's very really irritating.  It has made my pores very small, my pimples are almost gone, but I called my dermatologist because of how it was feeling and she told me if it starts to feel very irritating only use it once in awhile. But the irritation seems to be going down, but it 's still RED!
I am 18 and the last year I have been developing ovarian cysts. Pretty painful periods were an everyday thing for me but a week ago it got worse with my period. I was on the 4th day and I was still bleeding a lot. My mother decided we should go to the gyno and I had an ovarian cysts again around 4cm!! Since a pill I had used once that helped shrink the cysts  discontinued I had to begin taking birth control pills. I started yasmin 4 days ago and my breasts feel stiff and today m y eyes are kinda swollen but in general nothing worse considering dangerous. Those pills do affect your hormones and body you can 't expect amazing results without a drawback or two. I will be taking Yasmin for a month around, will update soon.
Female, 48, healthy, runner, probably half a stone overweight, but not much. I had high blood pressure (148/98) for a couple of weeks, initial visit to doctor was for muscle aches, headaches - blood tests revealed very low Vitamin D, so was given Vitamin D 6 month program and Naproxin NSAIDs for pains, then 2 weeks later Ramipril 1.25, and told to stop the NSAIDs .  My BP was down to 138/86 straight away - but I constantly feel like I am having a panic attack, my heart feels too heavy and feels fluttery?  .... My muscular pains are all back, headaches, a small cough, dryness and feeling tonsils are feeling fat... Weird.  Glad I found this site, I think the doctor was too quick to prescribe!  Going for a second opinion.
I noticed my memory was very much affected on Xanax.  This is the quickest working benzo in my opinion, but does not last long.  Also, the withdrawals from Xanax were more severe than the withdrawals from the other benzos I 've been on.  It works great for some people, but not so much for me.
Made me irritable.
750 mg for 7 days home health and approx four days of hospitalization on levaquin. Drug is given once a day via IV. I am severely itchy at this point, not much is helping. Some temporary quick fixes with dr. Teals body oil. Last dose tomorrow, I feel weak, tired and have have the occasional muscle spasms accompiened by a nasty rash all over my legs, arms and stomach. It feels awful. I am ready to get off the meds tomorrow and hopefully the sleep insomnia will subside along with the muscle spasms.
Lolo seemed to work fine for me for the first couple months. I was a bit more emotional than usual but wrote it off as stress and it is hard to tell if anything was caused by the pill. It is important to note that I was pretty inactive at the time aside from some walking. However, upon beginning a new workout regime I began to experience horrible cramping, similar to period cramping, and breakthrough bleeding. This was halfway through my third pill pack. I believe something about the heavy exercise prompted it, as it does with my period. In an unrelated incident, I hurt my knee pretty badly, and have taken a few days off working out. The cramps remain and are horrible. I wonder if something else is wrong with me. I want this to end.
Flagyl took away all of my energy for 23 hours each day for the first few days. I could not even watch TV. I had almost constant stomach pain. Additional stomach pain at bowel movements. I did a lot of sleeping every day. I also had a headache. I have been off Flagyl for 11 days now and I still have some stomach pain.
I have been on Belviq for 4 days now and I have not lost any weight yet, but I do notice a huge difference when I sit down to eat. I am so much fuller even after the 3rd bite. My cravings during work hours have gone away, and I am able to go almost all day without pigging out. Mcdonalds is walking distance from my work as well. I am 5 '6 and 188 LBS. I will keep yall updated.
I just started today. I weigh about 240lbs and need to lose about 100lbs, about 20 lbs at a time so it might take me awhile. I have taken phentermine in the past and lost about 15-25lbs. I want to lose it again.
I have the iud for about 4 or 5 months now and at first everything was good. I had a little spotting the first week then I didn 't have a period until about 2 weeks ago in (February 2016). Oddly enough I have not stopped spotting since the actual period ended (after 5 days). It 's ruining my sex life so I am not sure I want to keep it in. The spotting stops for a couple days if that and the starts up again it 's brownish pink and is never really heavy but enough for me to notice. It sucks cause I paid 425$ out of my own pocket for this. It was a huge expence.
When I first started on Apri, it made me nauseous in the mornings. That went away, but around the third month of use, I got really depressed moods for no particular reason and had random bouts of crying. That went away when I stopped taking it. It worked for its intended purposes, but it wasn 't right for me.
I have been on the depo shot for 3 years and for the most part it does keep you from getting pregnant. My first 2 years on the depo went quite smoothly but I have noticed that it made me very depressed and messed up my sex drive, but the last few months I 've been noticing that I 've been very moody, depressed, spotting, nauseous every other day, weight loss &amp; I 've also been feeling very dizzy and weak. I 've also heard that it takes a while to get pregnant once you get off so I do not recommend, I will not be getting another depo shot &amp; I regret ever getting it.
This is the most vial tasting medication I have ever taken.  Seems to be working, but it is disgusting.  I have a horrible taste in my mouth all day long, and I 've tried brushing/scraping my tongue, eating yogurt, eating strong mints, all to no avail.  Man, is is just horrible tasting.
I was suppose to take 2 x 50 mg tabs at bedtime. I did and I had horrible racing heart, nausea and vomiting and then a mild headache. Last night I just took one and had no problems. It didn 't get rid of all pain but enough to be able to get some sleep. I 'm not using  it everyday.
Flexeril is a good muscle spasm medication for acute issues. For chronic pain it is basically not effective. I was hospitalized years ago with a ruptured disc and was given Flexeril 3 times a day. I was so out of it that I could hardly stay awake and it took about a week to get back to normal after I was released. However now that I have had spinal fusion at C4-5 the Flexeril is not really effective relaxing my very hard muscle spasms. I have had 3 surgeries, 2 of them failed. The second was anterior (back of the neck) and cut through the nerves and muscles in my neck. The result is chronic muscle spasms in my neck and generally my left shoulder area. I rated a 5 based on the different indications.
Went on Effexor Aug 2015 through Oct 2015, improved depression, however, did not really feel any joy either. Effexor helped with diet, appetite declined, which I was happy with, as it allowed me to lose weight. Effexor/Venlafaxine did cause me to get angry, and acquire a bad temper on occasion. The primary problem I had with effexor/venlafaxine though was that it caused terrible constipation. No matter how good my diet was, it didn 't matter. I ate steamed vegetables and fruit, with occasional lean meats, cut out junk food. I took psyllium every day, added Miralax, and drank plenty of fluids. I had no choice but to come off the Venlafaxine, bowel movements came back about 5-6 days later. I did have minor withdrawal with dizziness.
Brand name Zithromax works better than the lower quality generic however I 've found that Zithromax isn 't the greatest when you have infections of both upper and lower airways, it may be due to antibiotic resistance. Same thing with amoxicillian alone happens, not as effective as it use to be years ago.
Don 't like the tendency to bruise and bleed but this keeps me alive.  Had an ischemic clot in my small intestine and had a bowel resection.   Docs found a hole between chambers in my heart that was allowing small clots to circulate.  Choices were open heart surgery or go on Plavix and Asprin.   Price is a bit steep and keeps going up.
Yesterday was my first day.  I slept all day and had a headache. I felt strange. Today I slept half the day but didn 't feel as strange as yesterday. I 'm hungry, but nothing sounds good to eat, so I don 't care to eat.
I 've been on Cipralex (escitalopram) for about three years. I 've had to increase the dosage a few times in order to get consistent results, but I am overall happy with this medication.
I have been taking Levothyroxine .88 MG for at least 5 years. Recently I have developed Sweating and being very tired. I was taking my pill during the night as you are supposed to take it on an empty stomach. I have recently discovered that taking it at that time has caused me to have pounding heart beats and fluttering in my chest. I went through a stress test only to realize it has been caused by my thyroid medication. I changed it to morning before breakfast and have found it to be better.  However I still get tired very easily.
2nd review (2nd month on trinessa). In my first review I gave a 1star because I got TONS of cyst acne in the first 3 wks of taking Trinessa. I 'm now on my second month and my cysts seem to be slowly disappearing or at least shrinking and I haven 't gotten any new cysts. I 'm starting to feel a bit more positive with this BC.
I started this medication following a breakdown and it really helped me. But, 6 years down the line and after gaining 3 stone in weight it wasn 't good for me anymore. I 'm now on venlafaxine. Feeling queasy but already lost 4lbs in 3days!!
I had my Mirena put in yesterday and it made me almost scream during the procedure. I have never had kids so I assume that is why it hurt. Since then I have only had cramping and have been taking it easy. If I could do it again I would have asked to be numbed. I haven 't really had any side effects besides nausea and slight bleeding. But for the most part my period stopped on the second day.  I am hoping that I will be fine without the weight gain and acne.
I 'm 21 no kids and I got kyleena to stop my periods due to pain and vomiting. I have tried my pill BC they all made me vomit and miss work. I decided to give IUD a try bc it 's my last shot. The insertion was pretty painful I was in soo much pain I was confused. But my period basically stopped immediately (inserted Day 2 of period) I just spotted and still am a week later. Today I have been vomiting and plan on calling my obgyn to see what I should do. I am going to stick this out because this is my only option left. Hopefully this works out!
This is my 3rd time for injections but it has been 7 yrs. since the last one.  The shots hurt so much I cried. (I am 66 and need replacement surgery). The doc did the injections with my knees bent, he said, because the cartilage is gone and it creates a bigger space. It 's been 5 hrs since the injections. Feels better, icing every hour. Hope next week is better.
I got my Implanon inserted in November 07 and it was great at first, very easy to insert and in fact had no period for the next 7 months. The first year was pretty good, a little weight gain and mood swings but not bad. That is until last November of 2008. I started having severe stomach pains along with back and leg pain, had these episodes last 3-4 days and are so severe I felt I was in labor all over. I have had migraines, leg and arm pains, severe mood swings, depression, my periods are so out of control, I wear a pad every day just in case. I have had to go the Emergency room 3 times in the past 4 months. I had insurance when I had it put in and now I don 't so I am in the process of acquiring it to get this thing removed.
I found out that I suffer stage four lung adenocarcinoma three weeks ago. It has got into my bones. The pain and coughing is severe. Took fourteen days afatinib now, and five sessions of radiation therapy. Now cough, bone pain is almost gone. However I got severe oral ulceration, mild diarrhoea , and skin erythema on face and feet. The oral ulceration affect my life. So far it shows amazing effect on my lung cancer.
I agree this is better then Flagyl. I started taking this today and noticed the biggest symptom improvement within a couple hours so far I am more impressed with this then the other option that never worked for me.
I would go with copper. I believe that the Mirena causes breast cancer. Too many people I know diagnosed with breast cancer were using the Mirena. The only side effects with copper are heavy periods....
Started it 8 days ago. 4 days nothing. Had to use magnesium citrate pills 3 in morning and 3 at night with the trulance. My doctor wants me off magnesium citrate and just rely on trulance ( new Dr doesn 't know my how my body shuts Down yet) gives me bloating and gas where magnesium citrate didn 't. Just pleasing the Dr till more tests are run.
I have a child on Seroquel.  We 've tried Abilify, Risperdal, and Geodon to no avail.  Seroquel seems to keep her psychotic symptoms at a whisper instead of shouting in her head.  My husband has also used Seroquel for his schizoaffective disorder.  He switched to Risperdal because the Seroquel was sedating when ingesting over 50mg and he needed doses during the day.Our daughter is on an average of 500mg a day with no sedating effects whatsoever and we 're wondering if she just does not do well on this class of drug since 600mg a day is the highest she can safely go for her age.  Nothing seems to keep her psychotic symptoms completely in check, particularly her paranoia.
Seems that I am  'Hypersensitive ' to the extent that exposure to normal  summer sunlight, even with high UV resistant clothing, causes skin pain sometimes so much that I have to stay in the shade.Poor sleep, very low blood pressure and consequent dizziness, loss of balance  and poor concentration.This is the effect of only 5mg daily; it is just not acceptable and there are alternatives available.
First of all, the other commenters are right on; it HURT. I took 800mg Ibruprofen an hour before and it still really hurt, like the most painful cramp ever. The bright side was that it only lasted about 40 seconds total and then the cramps calmed down. I was pretty okay a few minutes after, however, I didn 't leave the doctors office until a half hour later. I almost passed out while walking through the waiting room, they noticed me &amp; rushed 3 nurses out to me with a cold rag, juice, and a wheelchair. I guess I was sweating and turned blue, my body was like what is this thing!? 8 Days later and I still have moderate cramps, hoping they subside soon. A few days I 've had no cramps at all, and other days I 'm woken up at 3am! Hope it 's worth it!
Augmentin is getting rid of my sinus infection BUT the severe diarrhea side effect is going to have to make me quit. I have lost 3 pounds so far, have no energy and can 't keep anything in my body. I 'm a runner so this is totally NOT acceptable.
I noticed that my hands and feet were swollen I realized that it felt like a reaction that I have when I touch or eat shrimp or eat pork. The only thing that I knew that was different in my diet was the Move Free. I had been taking the Move Free for three days. I looked up the ingredients and saw that it was made with shellfish as well as an ingredient made from pork.
Nuvigil worked the first day and did nothing thereafter. I was using it to alleviate the sleepiness and lethargy from Zoloft.
I 've been taking Diovan HCT (80/12.5) for a little over one year.  It has done the trick on my blood pressure but leaves me with a slight headache and afternoon lethargy.  After about 8:00 pm I usually start to feel better.  My doctor and I tried 3 other medicines before Diovan HCT with no results.  I don 't know if the side effects are something I will just have to live with or not.  I will discuss this on my next Dr. 's visit.
Used Percocet when I got my wisdom teeth out. It made the pain tolerable. But the nausea was worse than the pain would have been. I could not even close my eyes because I was so dizzy and sick to my stomach. I had to call the doctor for another pain killer.
I started this pill when I first had my son. It was great at first and I experienced zero side effects. Then everything hit at once. My periods are almost constant, I 've gained a crazy amount of weight even though I do heavy cardio 4 times a week and eat a healthy, vegan diet. I really liked this pill but it 's inconvenient for long term use. I really can 't wait to discontinue using it.
The medication was very effective, however, the excruciating pain I experienced while taking the medication was not fun experience. I took two tablets at 9:00 a.m. Two hours passed and I didnt feel anything. Then it hit just about noon and I started getting terrible stomach cramps. If you are a first time user take one.
Macrobid take 1 capsule 2x daily for 7 days.I am on day 3, my symptoms of urgent urination with little results, are slowly going away. I still feel very uncomfortable especially in my back. I am noticing an increase of discharge and itchiness with my vagina. Yes, my urine is neon colored, too. Overall, I feel better day by day, I wish this drug would work faster!
Ongoing bouts of diverticulitis. I tried to go without taking the flagyl and cipro but always end up back on it to heal . If you have diverticulitis and a fever you should be seen at the emergency room . Never get a colonoscopy if you feel infected. I was told you have to wait 8 weeks after diverticulitis to be safe having the procedure.
I 've been diagnosed with generalized anxiety disorder and have been taking Paxil for about 3 months. When I first began the medication I completely lost my appetite. I dropped 10 pounds within the first 2 weeks without even trying. After about a month it leveled back out. However, even after 3 months I still don 't sleep well on it. It has also taken a toll on my sex drive. I 'm in the process of quitting Paxil to try something new. You do not want to quit this medication suddenly. You will experience terrible withdrawal symptoms. Even though I am quitting gradually they are still quite intense.
Horrible side effects on 3 different occasions after removing patch.  Nausea and vomiting, headache, dizziness lasting 3-7 days all three times.
After examining my MRI, my doctor diagnosed me with a herniated cervical disk where the hernia is pinching a nerve. I had an excruciating pain that shot through my left shoulder blade all the way down my arm. The pain is akin to being bashed on my upper arm several times with a baseball bat. Until my diagnosis I was laid up flat on my back in bed for about a week like in paralysis. My doctor prescribed a combination of Lyrica (pregabulin) and tramacet (tramadol). It has been a miracle for me. I 've been experimenting with the dosages. I 'm currently on extended release tramacet (100mg) and Lyrica (75mg) 4 times a day. I sometimes take an extra  tramacet IR (37mg) for breakthrough pain. This seems to be the bare minimum which works for me.
I have had Crohns disease for many years and have used many medications.  I started using Pentasa in November and did very well until the last month, when I started having chest pains, heart palpitations. I am now off all medications, but continue to feel tired and weak.  The past two years I have had reactions to all of the medications we have tried.
Took Augmentin for a bacterial infection.  The infection cleared up, but the day I took my last dose, I broke out in  severe hives.  I was out of town so did not see my doctor.  Took Benadryl every 6 hours for 4 days before the hives subsided.  The hives covered everywhere from my face to my feet.  Although it cleared up my infection, I would not want to face that side effect again. Never had any allergies to antibiotics before.
My son is 13 and has been on Intuniv for 2 weeks. The first week we were in shock thinking &quot;He is so NICE now&quot;.  In the 2nd week he seems to be getting more forgetful, less concentration. But he is eating so much more now. We were always saying eat, eat!  Not now.  Hopefully in time the concentration will be there. Some headaches.
It works but with headache and back pain.
Started on Trulicilty low dose last Thursday and 2 days in I got the chills and body aching esp my back and hands now I have developed a cough and the back of my neck hurts. I have to inject another dose tomorrow let 's see how it is hope this isn 't the reason why I 'm sick cause usually I 'm never sick and I got my flu shot. As I 'm writing this review review but now I feel like crap. But blood sugar is good fasting today was 93
Hi, Unfortunately this medication does not suit me as I get a lot of the undesirable side effects.  Slurred speech, terrible confusion, drowsiness but not able to sleep, cravings for sugary foods, a sort of spaced out feeling, and restless leg.  Apart from that it 's great! :) Wish I could continue taking it, but it 's not worth the side effects in my case.
I am 18 and I 've been on Concerta for just over a year now, and I took an extra year of high school to catch up, I went from a 60 in math to a 90, I felt like I had a whole new brain. Like others, I was a funny, outgoing, active person but I now find myself completely content with being alone, infact I prefer it. I easily become irritated by spending time with others. I 've also experienced uncontrollable mood swings, and I spend a lot of time crying. Lately, I 've been losing focus though regardless and my dosage is already at 54mg. I 'm so happy with my grades, and in the beginning I was myself, but in the past few months I 've become a machine, and all I think about is how much work I need to do.
67 yo female diagnosed with (freakishly) high blood pressure.  266/177.  10 mg. amlodipine was prescribed along with Losartan and a few others. Pressure has been under control, but the side effects have been horrendous:  Swollen gums, pain in calves, dizziness, shortness of breath, extreme fatigue, unusual weakness, belching, gas, cracked, dry and itchy skin, changes in my vision.  Swollen feet and ankles...I could go on.  My cardiologist discontinued it today and what a difference!  Much, much better!  Whew!
Been on this drug only for a week and I have noticed a decrease in facial hair. Started in conjunction with Ortho Cyclen though. Have had the following side effects &mdash;very  very tired, heartburn, nausea, lack of appetite, vivid dreams, and peeing A LOTI only take 25mg once per dayEven with these side effects, I look forward to seeing how it goes since I am seeing an improvement in only a week
I started taking sertraline 50mg a week ago for anxiety. I have already noticed a difference in my mood and am able to control my anxiety. I haven 't had any panic attacks. However, I 've had to miss work due to side effects: nausea, loss of appetite, and diarrhea. No other side effects noticed. They say these should go away. I am going to keep trying it in hopes.
Too expensive, caused depression and restlessness, caused nightmares every night.
Worked to reduce my blood sugar levels and sometimes caused low readings (into the 40s) but unfortunately I found I was allergic to the glyburide (sulfa-).  After eliminating that part of the medication I no longer had an allergic reaction.
Took Levaquin for lingering congestion &amp; low-grade fever following a bout of influenza. Read about the side effects involving tendons, so was watchful during the 10 days I took it. Had no problems until the morning after the last dose when I woke up with all 10 fingers painfully locked in a curled position (&quot;trigger finger&quot;). Improved after a day or so, but I still have occasional trouble with one finger. 
The first year on this was great. After that I went crazy. I had 2 pregnancy scares in 6 months. Not to mention the lower sex drive, CRAZY mood swings  and getting dry down there. Finally switched after 2 years. Be careful, know your body and listen when others tell you you 've changed.
If you have been struggling with unsuccessful medications for years, you need to go get genetic testing. Do it. This is a fairly recent development which I just found out about two months ago, after taking various medications for depression and anxiety for 15 years. My genetic test results indicate that I have 4 gene mutations that make the use of SSRIs and SNRIs ineffective. And of course, those are the medications I have been taking since the onset of my depression.So I am making the switch to Trintellix. Too early to say if this will be the right medication for me, but it is a comfort to know I am at least now working with my genetics instead of against them.Genetic testing is not the silver bullet, but it is valuable data. Do it.
This product seemed to help with my allergies somewhat but after several months of suffering a large increase in migraine headaches. My neurologist and I decided to stop using Singulair. The constant tightness in my head was gone within a week. It seems that this is a common side-effect of this medicine. MIGRAINE SUFFERERS BEWARE!
I got this back in 2006 so I wouldn 't have to take any pills, I bled the entire first year....seriously. The second year was way better and so was the third year until December. That 's when the bleeding started again on and off; that went on for like three months and now it has started again. I will be getting it removed in a month and I think I will gain much peace of mind. I have been very moody and my sex drive is no where to be seen. The one good thing about it was my periods were very light, that I will miss.
The first day the doctor gave me this medication benazepril , I was nodding all over the place and my kids thought I was on some kind of narcotics, I 'm on day three , this time I broke the pill in half, I still feel dazed but not drunk like before ,,,and I 'm still nodding out in the middle of things, I don 't get it I 'm going to have to speak with my doctor and ask him why I should have to take this medication and is there anything else I can take because I need to have my wits about me during the day.
I am about to start my 4th month of TriNessa and to be honest my skin is nowhere near what I thought it would be. I can definitely say my skin has gotten a lot better. I suffered from very bad consistent cystic acne on my cheeks. Since taking this, it has subsided. However, I don 't feel like I necessarily have less acne. I still get a couple cystic pimples and break out pretty badly the week before my period and during. I also have bad scars which I have been treating with peels. Although I have seen a huge improvement in my skin, I still do not feel comfortable without makeup. I was hoping by the end of 3 months I would have almost completely clear skin. I have had acne since about 12/13 and I am now 22. Any suggestions? Help please!!!
DO NOT MISS A DOSE IF YOU TAKE THIS MEDICATION! I literally forgot to take one pill this afternoon of my Wellbutrin and now I feel absolutely MISERABLE. I have been crying for the past four hours nonstop, feel so much grief and self hatred, and am having suicidal thoughts. I 've never been this bad before and I attribute it to missing one pill. I 'm really scared of how missing just one pill has so much of an effect on me.
Completely effective for asthma maintenance, side effects - insomnia, weird dreams when able to sleep, headaches and nose bleeds. Only took for 4 weeks. Unfortunately, now after stopping it, have limited lifestyle (Singulair gave me back a life).
I have been on Depo on and off for a few years. I did experience some spotting but no heavy period. I have gained a good 15 lbs in the process. Coming off of Depo I gained an additional 10 lbs in 2 months or so. I had my last shot in October, it is now May and only had one short period that lasted for 3 days in March. When on Depo I have also experienced hair loss and difficulty sleeping, as well as a drop in my sex drive. 
I have a lot of ear infections due to an ENT issue and have been prescribed this twice in the past year.  Both times it gave me horrible, vivid nightmares.  It also leaves a horrible taste in the mouth for a few hours after taking a dose and I seem to pee a lot for the first couple of hours too.It seems to work but I think I 'd prefer another anti-biotic due to the above issues.
Bad taste but improves over time. Severe headache but again..improved with continual use. Then right eye started excessive tearing and running down my face. Stopped med for two days and got better then restarted. Two more weeks then right eye started excessive tearing again... and face broke out in rash.. looks like new onset Rosacea so made appointment with dermatologist and eye doc. Never had any issues before starting this med. Really  worried now....should have waited before starting a brand new med before it had been out long enough. I am a pharmacist and know better.
Don 't keep me asleep and have weird dream with this medication
I was experiencing quite a bit of nausea and breast discharge at first, but then I started to lose my hair and it never stopped!! 
I have been talking nitrofurantoin for 2 days and I have a severe stiff neck. Is this normal?
Ventolin is a good product actually it makes me feel relieved whenever asthma hits me, I take 2-3 puffs and after a short span of time,  I can breathe easily already. But I would like a Ventolin that doesn 't need to be refilled because it so pricey that sometimes I have to sacrifice some things in order to prevent my asthma from hitting me from time to time. I would really appreciate it if someones innovates this kind of product.
Why i give a rating of 6 for xanax and depression: I think the help xanax has to offer is enabling your racing thoughts and anxiety to subside long enough to get the good rest/sleep we need just to feel sane. Subsequently, decreasing depression &amp; overwhelmness in our lives. Good luck to all!
48 yr old healthy female, w/ osteoarthritis in 3 places in my back. LOTS of pain, nothing really helping. Decided to give Meloxicam a try, and within a few days a huge difference in the pain, only felt stiff in the mornings.  However, week 2 of taking it ,  and was in bed last night about to fall asleep when I became incredibly dizzy, felt like the bed was spinning and I felt  pretty confused as well.  I haven 't been drunk in years, but that 's the only thing I can compare the feeling to- been really drunk and going to bed. It was terrible and lasted probably 15 mins. Each time I closed my eyes, the bed was spinning and I became super nauseous, and when my eyes were open everything was spinning as well. Was really scary! Done w/ Meloxicam
I 'm new to this medication. I notice my fluttering and pounding heart wakes me up, I 'm slightly dizzy even when sitting still or lying down, a few days I 've had terrible heartburn, some nausea so strong that I took Nauzene and tums with some relief, icepick stabbing headache, headache around my temples that 's not relieved by relaxation or aspirin or drinking a lot of water and is relieved somewhat with Aleve, tinnitis, trouble staying asleep even though I keep my normal schedule and use my normal melatonin. I 've been kind of sleepy, maybe due to waking up with the other issues. These symptoms are all uncommon for me and obviously caused by the pills. On the positive side I seem to be less moody and anxious than I was getting before.
My doctor had switched me to to Trinessa (as it was completely covered by my insurance) about 2 years ago. It cleaned up my acne gave me soft beautiful skin. Light periods. And my cramps went away. But about 6 month ago I noticed I was getting pimples at the time of my period. No big deal because the went away at the end of my period. However the last couple of months I 've had really bad breakouts on my chin and they are not going away! I guess every good thing comes to an end
I got my nexplanon inserted Sept. 16th, 3 days after having my son. I 'm not sure if these bad side effects I 'm having are from the implant or postpartum stuff still. No bleeding anymore, but having a horrible foul discharge daily along with irritation and dryness. I thought it could still be post partum lochia , but now I 'm not sure reading that a side effect from nexplanon could be vaginitis. Also am noticing headaches and breakouts more than usual. If this continues, I will NOT continue this method. So far not so good.
I have been taking Nuvigil for a week and every day I get headaches and my eyes are sensitive to light. Overall I love feeling back to normal and not tired all the time. I have tried cutting my pills in 1/2 and 1/4s to stop the side effects no luck.
The doctor put me on Ogestrel because I made the mistake of telling him that my period never started when the white pills started on my previous birth control. However they did come every month so it wasn 't a big deal to me. He put me Ogestrel because it was the highest dose to give. After the first month I thought I was going crazy. I had absolutely NO control over my emotions. Not to mention it led to constant chest pains. I have a mitrovalve prolapse. Most birth controls says not to take it if you have a valve problem but I 've been on them since I was 16 and never had any problems. My fiance and my mom couldn 't stand my rapid changing emotions and she told me I don 't care what the doctor says COME OFF THEM. No problems since I changed back to my old one.
I just started taking this medication but still have the cravings for alcohol. I don 't drink all day due to being a college student but as soon as I 'm done for the day I stop for liquor on the way home and also for beer. I 've been drinking heavily for over 8+ years and a bottle of liquor will last me about a day or two if any, I 've been hospitalized for my drinking, but still I don 't get a fear of being hospitalized again. I need to lower my consumption to just a couple of beers and just on certain days, not have it be a daily crutch.
So I started this birth control to help with my periods and my acne, as both my dermatologist and doctor recommended it. The first three months my period got all messed up, from going from medium flow to kinda heavy. Then the next 6 months it was pretty light, with 3-4 days of light bleeding and one heavy day. But now, for the past 2 months its gone back to being heavier than usual. But I have noticed that it helps with the cramps, but my PMS sucks really bad &amp; my anxiety has gotten really bad. My PMS usually consists of mood swings, bloating, and nausea. But if you are sexually active, make sure to take it the same time everyday!!!
Was on 20mg dose and OK for a couple of years but by then I had put on 2 stone in weight then I started getting other side effects I put up with it for another 3 years but I had to come off it as to the problems I was getting eg. not eating properly sleep problems, mouth ulcers etc.  I was put on sulphasalozine and lasted for three weeks and that did make me ill,
Well been on this a week 25 mg once a day at bedtime then will go to two tablets a day . One in am one at bed . No side effects at all yet .I  hope this kicks in soon . I take wellbutrin for 10 yrs now . 150 mg a day and venlafaxine 150 mg a day - I hope this new med kicks in soon. Seems pretty tame . I hope to feel better soon !!!
Skyla is the third birth control method I&rsquo;ve tried. To date, I&rsquo;ve had an IUD for ten months before getting it out today. In regards to its effectiveness and convenience, it&rsquo;s a 10/10 option for birth control. No condoms or trips to the pharmacy for refills in ten months, and no pregnancies. It&rsquo;s nice to not have to actively think of your birth control, especially if you lead a busy life. However, there were some downsides to this method, which is why I switched back to the pill today. The insertion process was unbearably painful for me, I 'd rate it a 9/10. I&rsquo;ve always had heavy periods with severe menstrual cramping, and this was by far the worst pain I&rsquo;d ever experienced. After insertion, I experienced mild cramping for the rest of the day, but experienced sporadic, severe cramping for the first two months. Like, &ldquo;knock the wind out of you, can&rsquo;t walk or talk&rdquo; cramping, and it would come and go in spontaneous waves. Those passed after the first 2 months and for the remaining 8, I experienced cramping maybe two or three times and it was when I got my period. Speaking of, I spotted for a no more than two weeks after insertion; my periods became significantly lighter during the first three months and by the fourth plateaued out but remained light the rest of the time. I noticed the more long-term side effects I experienced with Skyla around the 6th month- which were fatigue, weight gain, acne, irritability, and mood swings. The acne is mild, but the weight gain, irritability and mood swings were more significant. I gained about 25 pounds within the ten months and I noticed I was tired, irritable and hormonal all the time- not just when I had my period. I waited a few months to rule out any other factors contributing to these symptoms and to see if they&rsquo;d subside, but they remained. So, I switched to a low-dose birth control pill today, Taytulla. It contains estrogen and progestin, instead of just progestin like Skyla. Hopefully, my symptoms will begin to disappear. Skyla was effective, but unfortunately didn&rsquo;t react well with my body chemistry. But it&rsquo;s different for everyone.
I 've been taking hydrochlorothiazide along with another blood pressure medication. I just recently started the hydrochlorothiazide back about 2 months ago this medication make me gasps for air at night. And also cause my neck near my jaw to hurt along with palpitations in my heart. Don 't know what to do anymore.
I really wanted this method to work as I have not had much luck with other types of contraception. Although at first I put on weight, and have a fairly constant period. I have now had it in for about 1 year + and the periods have settled down. But i have noticed that I feel slighty, or sometimes very depressed before my period. This is not something I suffered with before, at least not to the same extent. It took me a while to realise that it could be the implant causing this, and now that i have I really just want it taken out. Has anyone else had a similar experience?
23/F I was diagnosed with GAD a few months ago and started on generic lexapro, first 5mg/day then up to 10mg/day. It took a few weeks to take effect, but it was incredible at counteracting the anxiety. My self-confidence increased and panic attacks went away completely. The reason I give it a 6/10 and the reason I came off it, however, is because of the sexual side effects. It took away my ability to orgasm, which was extremely frustrating for me. I 'm working with my doctor to find a different med to treat my anxiety without the sexual side effects of SSRIs.
I have had acne for several years now. The medication works awesome, don 't get me wrong. I have had acne now for quite some time. I have been on Acanya now for 3 months, I have seen a huge improvement in my skin. BUT, I still have these red spots that won 't go away. Now my face is smooth as a babies bottom, but not visually. Dry skin was the only side effect I experienced but that was only for the first couple of weeks. Make sure to hydrate yourself. Still have those red spots that  'look ' like pimples but they aren 't. It 's weird, maybe it 's acne scars or something. But I do recommend this to anyone was mild-severe acne! All depending on your hormones and stuff!
My wife has suffered from RLS for 8 years. Mirapex is the only drug she has been prescribed that allow her a full nights sleep. We 've worked and are working on alternative treatments using supplements/exercise but so far all we 've been able to do is drop her dose from 3 to 1 tablet every evening.Side effects nearly destroyed our 25 year marriage. Compulsive behavior in shopping/gambling/cheating over the last 3 years. Be very careful with this drug, be honest with your family/friends and you can deal with it.I wonder how many of the users on here actually have compulsive behavior caused by this drug but don 't realize it ?
I have chronic severe back pain from an injury at work.  Fractured my T12 and messed up my lower back and a pinched nerve.  I have been through Physical therapy, nerve blocks.  I am now on Oxycontin 10 mg 3 x 's a day, Vicodin 5/500 for break through pain (I take about 4 in 24 hours), Neurontin 300mg 3 times a day and Paxil for depression.  Before being placed on all of the above my pain level was at 8-9. Now my pain level is 6-7 except if it rains or is cold then it 's a 9.  I 'm still unable to do anything.  Pain increases with any activity despite the medicines, plus I feel faint when I stand up, brain is foggy, poor memory. Hear common noises that I mistake for something else like singing or talking.
I got the skyla about a year ago. I loved the idea of not having to buy expensive birthcontrol. When it came to insertation, i had to insert it when i started my period. My doctor made me cough and it felt like a horrible cramp. I 've never had a kid but ill assume it was close to an contraction. I was crampy all that day and the next day. I spotted alot and my period eventually stop coming within 6 months. I loved my skyla but after the 6 month I started to become very angry and aggressive. I was sad and emotional. The skyla affected my mood serverly. I also had a increase sex drive. I wanted it more than my boyfriend and nothing seemed to be enough. I have to get rid of the skyla because too much increase in my moods bc of the hormones.
Initially,I was drawn to the paragard for the lack of hormones and longevity.I 've had my IUD for about two years now, and while it has been extremely effective, it really hasn 't been a walk in the park for me. Insertion was an absolute bear. I 've never had children and the OBGYN I saw said that would make insertion a bit more painful. She was right. I spotted for the first month or so and that stopped after my cycle regulated. Now, I cramp at the start of ovulation through the entirety of my menstruation. My flows have gone from light/regular  to super/super  . The cramps vary from being manageable with ibuprofen to nothing being able to touch them. I don 't know that I 'd recommend it to women who haven 't had children yet.
I started using Yaz about a year ago - it has a good side and a bad side. Good: less severe cramps, lighter periods, lighter facial hair (my little peach fuzz mustache disappeared). Bad: Emotional mood swings every month on the first day taking the placebo pill, dramatically decreased sex drive. Overall I liked it and if I was not in a physical relationship then it would be great! But the decreased sex drive put a strain on my relationship so I am trying something different now.
I had the Implanon inserted on Jan 8 2014, and had removed Jan 31 2014. It had been horrible. I 've experienced in this very short time, no sex drive whatsoever along with dryness of the vagina! Such discomfort I would wake up in the middle of the night and not be able to fall back asleep because it itched due to the dryness. I 'm usually very, very, lubricated. 
MY EXPERIENCE with Effexor XR vs Prozac1) EXR eliminates ALL PANIC ATTACKS2) Prozac eliminates ALL OBSESSIVE THINKING3) Prozac made me sleep like a fat cat even tho I RARELY ate, and I gained a ton of weight when I was only 106 lbs to start.4) EXR did not cause me weight gain (or loss) however it made me very irritable and I caught myself clenching my jaw all day, however had a lot more energy than Prozac.5) BOTH meds I used over 12 weeks to make a fair comparison.6) I saw a bio-identical hormones therapist to see what 's going on.  No clear cut answers.  So here is my thought.  You 're a normal person being a normal life with a normal energy level. You take Prozac and Wham! You 're  sleeping 10 hours a day.............................
I was on Nuvaring for 3 months. As far as positives go it was easy to use and I did not get pregnant. Also, I was able to lose/maintain my weight (something I could not do while I was on Yaz for almost 2 years). However, I had spotting for around 20 days, which is something that 's normal for me when I first go on birth control. But the deal breaker for me was how crazy emotional I got. I cried at least every day which is not normal for me, and a little after I went off of the Nuvaring that went away. One of my friends is on it and doesn 't have this problem; everyone 's body is different; if that didn 't happen to me I would definitely still be on Nuvaring.
I initially gave this drug an unfair review. I began having panic attacks and Relationship OCD about my boyfriend, emptiness, etc. and I 've never thought bad things about him prior to taking birth control. I had a hip surgery two months after being on this medication, so my negative side effects probably came from the pain medicine as well as my BC. I 'm taking a month off of it, just to see if I can mentally bounce back (so far I 've been so much better, only 3 days after I finished my pack). I may continue this BC after my next surgery in December, so if you have any symptoms don 't panic, just go talk to your doctor! every woman is different, My mom and sister both didn 't tolerate the pill at all either, so just try it out and talk to your doctor!
So I reviewed the implanon previously. Constant spotting for 3 years. Had it removed went back to pill. Due to recent high blood pressure my doctor took me off the pill and recommended IUD. After researching reviews I decided against the IUD and went with nexplanon. Its been less than 24 hours. Minor pain at insertion site. Hoping for no spotting or periods. Have to wait and see. Notably, within last 12 hours I have developed a sore throat and flu-like symptoms. Hoping that clears on its own. Will review again later
I was put on Sertraline for panic attacks.  The first few months were good.  Only side effects were  brain zaps and an overall strange feeling.  First few weeks I had racing thoughts,  high blood pressure, and feeling like iI had too much caffeine. It slowed down and my panic attacks got  less. But,  I did gain weight like another review mentioned. Not just a few pounds.... like 25.  I was constantly craving carbs, and had a huge bloated feeling all of the time.  I had to get off of this medicine unfortunately because of that.
I was 27 when I started phentermine back in January of 2013. I 'm 5 '9 and weighed 202. The first month I lost 20lbs!!  I was so excited until I developed kidney stones because I wasn 't drinking enough water. By May I had lost a total of 40lbs. I weighed 160. In July I got sick again but this time it was my gallbladder so I stopped the pills And over the next 6 months I gained all my weight back plus 20lbs. I rated this a 7 because it does work but it does cause side effects like cotton mouth, acne, kidney stones and (gallbladder problems if you loose the weight to fast) plus when you get off of it you are more than likely to gain all your weight back plus some.
I 've been on Effexor for approximately two years.  I recently had the extremely unpleasant side effects from coming off the drug, as I could not get a refill on my prescription for 6 days.  I ended up in the ER due to a panic attack (never had one in my life before).  It did reveal, however, that the medicine was not really working for me, as my pain level was virtually the same whether I was on it or not.  Please make sure you gradually go off this medicine under the care of a Dr.
I had the Mirena inserted after my child was born. He was six weeks old at the time and I was 36. Since then (a year ago), I have gained 12kg 's (no change to my diet etc etc), have back and pelvic pains and inflammations all of the time and no sex drive. My marriage is struggling and my moods absolutely horrible. The gyne does not want to remove it as he swears by the Mirena and thinks I am overindulging and just full of nonsense. I feel horrible and bloated and moody 100% of the time. I need some help please.
Lolo seemed to work fine for me for the first couple months. I was a bit more emotional than usual but wrote it off as stress and it is hard to tell if anything was caused by the pill. It is important to note that I was pretty inactive at the time aside from some walking. However, upon beginning a new workout regime I began to experience horrible cramping, similar to period cramping, and breakthrough bleeding. This was halfway through my third pill pack. I believe something about the heavy exercise prompted it, as it does with my period. In an unrelated incident, I hurt my knee pretty badly, and have taken a few days off working out. The cramps remain and are horrible. I wonder if something else is wrong with me. I want this to end.
I loved dymista when I started using it. Now after using several months I have horrible sores inside my nose, cold and hot chills, no energy to the point of not being able to get out of bed on my own, white spots just inside my nostrils. My nose is constantly bleeding and my family doctor justs laughs at me. I now have an appointment at an ENT.
I 've had Implanon for almost 3 years now. No period since I 've had it in. Not pregnant, so it 's effective but ever since getting this I 've noticed horrible mood swings in the first year, major loss of sex drive and now I 've had horrible acne on my cheeks for about 8 months. I 'm calling tomorrow to get this thing out. It has to come out in May anyway, but I 'm hoping my body will get back to normal sooner.
I 'm on my second implant. The first was brilliant had hardly any periods, just a tiny bit of spotting. A year ago I had my first removed after 3 attempts at finding it, it was eventually removed after a scan. My second has been completely different. After about 6 months I 've started having light periods or spotting which hasn 't ceased in the last 2 months. If no improvement I may consider removal.
I am from the UK where this medicine isn 't available but I was recently in Florida where I picked it up. I suffer from recurring thrush and none of the over the counter medicines in the UK seem to clear the infection for long. I bought monistat 1 in case I needed it but held off whilst away however not long after returning home I felt the symptoms again so decided to give it a try. I inserted at 7am and felt nothing for a few hours however by the afternoon the burning was becoming intense to the point that it was uncomfortable to walk. By the evening it was even worse and I have just spent a very uncomfortable night unable to sleep. I shall reserve judgement if the infection clears fully!
I 've been on this medicine for 2 months. I feel, most days like I 've been in a car accident.  The pain is very difficult to handle. I ache like I have the flu. Thinking about not taking good it and take my chances. What could be worse?
I had a baby girl 6 months ago and I started this about 2 months ago and at first was doing great with it, but then after about 2 weeks of taking it have really noticed some not so great changes in me. My chin is constantly breaking out, so it did not help clear up the acne. I have really had some bad mood swings of just feeling really sad and my anxiety has been pretty bad. It has really messed with my sleeping patterns. I also gained about 16 lbs from the time I started taking this pill until now. I wear contacts and it really seems to dry my eyes out and make my vision a little blurry, which I haven 't really had much trouble with before. I am seeing my doctor soon and we are planning on switching me to another birth control pill.
I have been taking Zoloft for Generalized Anxiety Disorder, Depression, and Obsessive Compulsive disorder. It has been seven months since I began taking it. I have been taking 50mg on weekdays, as it does not seem to change the effect of the medication despite what my psychiatrist has said. I feel as if it does significantly improves my anxiety, although I do have bad days. It has not seemed to significantly improve anything else; my Depression and OCD may have actually gotten worse.
I 've been taking these since October this year and all I keep getting is headaches, which keep giving me pain in my eyes and bellyaches and feeling sick. Doctor said it 's fine.
This is in regards to my 83 year old father in law (FIL) and his taking pramipexole. He was switched to this med from ropinerole due to the same issues I am about to discuss.The fine print of side effects are what he, and consequently my husband and I are now dealing with. &quot;...strong urges (such as increased gambling, increased sexual urges)...&quot;Oh boy, this doesn 't even come close. He does not see the problem, but when he is on either of these meds he is so far past being a dirty old man, I am shocked he 's not been arrested yet. He is also belligerent and cannot be reasoned with. I am in the process of trying to get him changed again to something else. So, just a warning, if anyone sees this in yourself or someone else taking this.
This medicine has made more anxious than I was before. It is also keeping me awake at night. After talking to my doctor about it. He doubled my prescription. I am switching doctors.
I am hypertensive and have been on hydrochlorothiazide 25mg for 2 yrs, and at 12.5mg for 1 yr before that.  For the last yr I have had severe leg cramps, urinating every half hour with extreme pressure,  my hair is thinning and a rash developed along my hair line above my forehead and my body temp would drop significantly to 95 so my husband would make hot drinks and wrap me in blanket.   On top of that my blood pressure went up.  A dr where I 'm vacationing cut the med back to 12.5mg and from the first  day my pressure is normal, my body temp has stabilized, with no drops. The dr here said too much of this med wipes out potassium and since reducing to 12.5mg, in 4 days I feel much better
I was prescribed this birth control due to my agonizing and crippling cramps caused by my period. It DOES help with my cramps, but I bleed two times a month, which makes me wonder if it 's even worth it. This is my first time taking birth control so I  did unfortunately end up going to planned parenthood, due to my lack of knowledge when it comes to this sort of thing. I ended up going back to planned parenthood and complaining about my nearly constant period I was experiencing. She dismissed me and told me I was taking it incorrectly. I made sure to take it at the same time every single day for a month, but to no avail. I do have clearer skin and no noticeable weight gain, but I do not regularly check my weight.
Did what it was supposed to do, i.e. I didn 't get pregnant and I was sexually active the whole time I was on it. Also, I don 't believe I had the single zit for the whole year and a half I was on it. Nice!However...I experienced a lot of very annoying headaches while taking Ocella. They were stubborn too, wouldn 't go away if I took an Aleeve. Also, weight gain definitely happened. I went up 2 full cup sizes and &quot;filled out&quot; in general. I would say about 8lbs or so. (With little to no change in my diet/ lifestyle)Also, I feel that Ocella increased my anxiety and depression. It also affected my sex drive and level of lubrication. Everyone 's body is different, hard to say if symptoms were from Ocella or unrelated.
I started taking Effexor following an unexpected divorce that left me feeling a significant grief and anxiety for my children 's future. I never had suicidal thoughts before, during or after taking this drug.  I took it for 2 years and I don 't know if it helped me, or if it was the meditation (Qigong)  or acceptance and reflection.Some side effects included increased libido, occasional little spasms of the diaphragm muscle (at the base of the lungs), and strange and vivid dreams.  Missing only one dose sent me into what is known as &quot;brain zaps&quot;, and feels just like electrical zaps in the brain, together with sensory dissociation. This is the main reason I was afraid to stop taking it.
I have taken Pradaxa for a year now.  I 've had no side effects, and compared to Coumadin it 's great.  Taking Coumadin, I had to constantly adjust the dosage because I had only one protime in six months that showed the proper clinical result.  With Pradaxa, there is no need for the constant blood testing, no side effects for me, and no reason not to take it.
Works fine for me after 1 month using 3 gm daily but side effect was bad . Back and muscle pain. I can 't move from pain.
I am a heart patient and been taking Pradaxa for about a month now, I take 150mg twice a day. Every time I take this pill I have a severe case of acid reflux and heart burn. Nothing seems to help relieve the burning. I also have ulcers in my stomach and it always makes me feel nauseated. I had been using Coumadin since 2001 and had a lot of bruising and bleeding problems. I believe Pradaxa would be good if it wouldn 't be so harsh on the stomach and esophagus.
My husband takes this drug and at first it was a Godsend...now he has learned how to use it also to his advantage. He now takes it on rare occasions and it does not seem to make much difference if he drinks or not. This drug really only works if it is taken everyday at almost the same time...a day without and my husband can drink all he wants, with no side affects at all.
The reason this shot is such an effective form a birth control is because it keeps you from sex. THAT 'S RIGHT! The bleeding is so on and off that it 's kept me completely abstinent! At first I thought this shot was the bomb, but seriously? I keep telling myself my body will adjust but I feel like I 'm constantly on my period. It 's messed up
After being on the pill for years, I decided to try the implanon for two reasons. 1: you don 't have to remember to take the pill every day and 2: it is so much cheaper than the pill in Australia. The implanon was about $30 once off for three years and the pill costs me $75 for three months. At first I thought it was great because I didn 't my period for the first two months. Then it became once a month, which I thought was still fine. But a year later I had it taken out because I was bleeding about 50% of the time in an almost 1 week on / 1 week off pattern. In addition, my skin broke out on my back so badly that my doctor put me on Minocycline. So I had to remember to take daily medicine anyway, and I 've never had acne before.
No experience yet I barely started taking it-  last Sunday. They prescribed Lyza due to I 'm diabetic T2
I been on it for almost two years I haven 't gotten a period since I 've been on it but now I 'm getting a lot spotting for the past few weeks. I have no sex drive what so ever and I have gain 50 pounds. I have a lot of mood swings
Felt so sick to my stomach, laid in bed for 2 weeks, I experienced bloating, nausea, couldn 't eat. Cramping was serious, I suffered from chills, fever, aches and pains. Headache was also present, made me feel lightheaded also. Couldn 't function. 
Initially, it worked great. When the doses were administered close together, I rarely had a flare, and when I did they were very mild. As the time between infusions was increased, I began to have more frequent and severe flares.My Rheumatologist and I are currently working to adjust the dosing schedule.
I just started taking Topamax. So far it 's not too bad. The headaches are getting a little better and the side effects aren 't bad. The only thing I 'm having trouble with is differentiating between dreams and reality. my dreams seem so real, like it happened. I hope it gets better with time.
I am 49 yrs old and was diagnosed RA last Sept after a spring/summer of hell.  Pain started in knees, then hands, wrists , elbows, feet and worst of all one shoulder. I was crawling before started on a 12.5 mg of Methotrexate, folic acid, steroids, etoricoxib &amp; amitriptyline at night. November -no change, apart from terrible fatigue. My dose was increased to 20mg per week with more folic acid and a general steroid injection.I felt improvement at the end of Jan17- with pain still in my hands and feet.  I went back to work for a few hours a week...big mistake. The fatigue has been tough and I have a lot of muscle wastage and my hands and feet hurt a lot.  I will be seeing the consultant tomorrow, fingers crossed - although that hurts!
Hi, I have been taking 5mg escitalopram for two months,my anxiety is lower, but I have headfog, racing thoughts and I can 't concentrate. Also I had insomnia.  I don 't know whether I should  keep taking it because I am  feeling that is doesn 't work for me. My doctor says that works and  I have to be positive and give it a time.  I am confused and disappointed. I am in college and can 't study for exams,  that makes me more negative and depressed :/
I started Belviq with the free 15 day prescription.  After the 15 days, I had only lost 4 pounds.  I decided to get the 30 day prescription since it was only $75 with the Belviq savings card.  I think I will try it for a month or two to see how it goes.  I haven 't really experienced any side affects, other than my blood sugar being way lower than normal, which is a good thing, although I 'm not really sure why, as I feel I am eating as much as before.  Some days it seems I get fuller quicker than normal when eating, but I still get as hungry as I ever did before.  I will be getting back to more regular exercise soon, so I hope that will help too.  I only gave it a &quot;5&quot; for now, until I see how it goes.  Fingers crossed!
Yesterday, second colonoscopy with propofol.  First time, no problems whatsoever.  This time is a different story.  After waking, uncontrollable shivering and sneezing.  I feel like I have flu.  I could not sleep after getting home because of sneezing and constant nasal drip.  Today, a little better, but throat is sore and the sneezing, drip continues.  Eyes watering.  Headache.  Not sure if I want this medicine again.
I have been on Ortho Tri-Cyclen Lo for about 9-10 years other than when I got off of it to have my 3 children.  I never had any weight gain, acne problems, and never had any heavy bleeding. I had a light period and occasional moodiness but nothing out of the ordinary.  BUT! I have noticed a SEVERE lack of sex drive!!  As in no sex drive at all, nothing, notta, zero, zilch!!  This is a great pill to take if you don 't care to have a sex life and are not married.
I mainly got on birth control to clear up my acne;  the breakouts weren 't too bad, but definitely pesty. Juleber didn 't really help much with my skin. Actually, it stayed the same over my 12 months of using it. As far as a contraceptive it does the job. Just wish I could have gotten some of the positive skin clearing results many people seem to get.
I experience a severe frontal headache everytime I take a full pill. Very bad and painful wakes me up, I have to go take tylenol (1300 mg) but it still hurts. Also, I have very complex crazy dreams.
I started taking this after I had been on tri-sprintec for several years. I had some pretty serious mood swings with that birth control, and thankfully did not experience that with sprintec. I was on it for three months, and in that time I gained almost 10 pounds. I went up an entire cup size in that time, and finally got sick of dealing with the weight gain. It didn 't really alleviate menstrual cramps either, but did help me with treating acne. Overall, if you don 't experience weight gain, it 's probably fine for you, but didn 't work for me.
This is the first time being on birth control. I 've been on the pill for 3 months, I am 5 '2 and I was 130lbs before, now I 'm 150lbs. I don 't have mood swings, and my sex drive is still pretty high, and my skin looks amazing.  Overall the pill does it 's job.
I have started Neurontin again, and within a day or two I got some relief from my pain in my feet and legs.  I can tell when I miss a dose. It is the only medication that I have tried to take for my neuropathy. However, I was on methadone for years and I did not feel the pain until I was on a low dose of methadone. That 's when I started to take the Neurontin again.
I have suffered from severe anxiety for about 3 years now. I 've tried buspar for a little bit and it helped some but I didn 't keep taking it. I just had to post what has taken 90% of my anxiety away and that 's cardio exercise daily. I started going to the gym and riding the bike with the heart beat monitor on it.  I got my heart beat to 120 beats per minute and held it there til I got tired, then slowed down to rest a couple minutes then speed up again.. I 'm a crane operator and mostly sit all day in my crane. The very first day I sustained a higher heart rate by exercising for 15 minutes my anxiety levels plummeted. Every day after that it has gotten better. Before taking drugs for anxiety try fast walking for 15 minutes. It will help!
I 'm on day 4, feel on and off with Z-Pack.  First day, 2 pills, couldn 't sleep, coughed my brains out..messed my panties, decided to wear a maxipad........green phlegm....told myself to hang in...sensitive eyes, and feeling wired..was so tired, I just wanted to sleep.......crying a lot again.....Day 3...1 pill....restless night, heart palpitations, watch TV cause i couldn 't fall asleep....Cried at everything...like tears pouring out  of my eyes   I 'm obese and do you think I 'm not eating? I 'm hungry...I 'm on Warfarin, suppose to be compatible with Azith////beginning to feel the good ole 10 day Antibiotic regimen is better...Went back to my Doctor, yesterday...and will today also..
I have had exaustion, stress and anxiety for a few months now and recently the anxiety got worse and for the first time in my life I had a panic attack twice in one day. I went to hospital and the doc prescribed the meds but I was afraid to start taking them. I also saw a therapist who also thought I could get past this without meds. After I had a bad panick attack at night I decided to start taking them..Its been 3 days and I have hardly slept and have nausea especially in the evenings and at night..Im feeling less anxious but I really need to sleep because I have to go back to work tomorrow.Please tell me this gets better because my doc said she is only putting me on these for 2 weeks then we will review and see if I can go off them
Abilify has been sort of amazing for my depression, but I think it definitely causes weight gain...even on a very low dose.  This is very upsetting, so I am having to stop taking it unfortunately.
I was prescribed 10 mg Lexapro in March of 2009 for anxiety. It worked well as far as the anxiety was concerned but I decided to stop taking it in April 2010 because of the side effects--weight gain (I gained about 10 pounds even though I was a consistent gym rat and my diet did not change) and a pretty much non existent libido. This is NOT A MEDICINE YOU CAN JUST STOP TAKING. My doctor weaned me off by having me take 5 mg everyday for 2 weeks and then 5 mg every other day for a week. The withdrawl symptoms were not bad until I stopped taking it all together. I 've noticed I 've been easily fatigued and have constant dizziness, which seems to be worse in the mornings--hopefully it will subside soon.
I am just on my second day, I took a Contrave ER yesterday and this morning.  So far the only side effects I have noticed is a little brain fogginess in the morning (I am drinking an extra cup of coffee to combat that) and a little more thirst, which I am sure is a good thing if you are trying to lose weight.  I was a little put off by Contrave ER when I read some of the side effects that some people have had (nausea, sweating, gastric disturbances, feeling jittery) but as of yet, and I know its early, I haven 't experienced anything like that.  I also noticed I felt fuller sooner when I ate my breakfast this morning. So all in all, I would give it a thumbs up.
I take Lyrica for seizures and Fibromyalgia.  The side effects are tremendous and I have had a hard time adjusting.  True enough I have had no more seizures however, frequently, I am unable to consentrate or think with any lever of clarity.
I have been taking 5 mg/day for about 5 weeks  for my OCD and am starting to see cessation of intrusive thoughts.  The intrusive thoughts are a form of anxiety disorder dating back to childhood unpleasantness that I was powerless to stop.  So I think it 's working, along with CBT.  I want to warn people not to mix this drug with Flexeril as this can cause serotonin syndrome.   You will know this side effect by dry mouth, restlessness, constipation and dysphoria.  It goes away after a day if you stop flexeril.   The label actually says not to mix with any pain meds, even ibuprofen and aspirin, but these are not nearly as toxic as flexeril
Starting on day one, I was using the bathroom at least six times a day, with the urge to go hitting me suddenly and urgently, with the end product (pardon me) being a thin gruel. I had no appetite, which made it harder to drink enough water to keep up with my fluid loss. By day three I was nauseated and so dehydrated that my blood pressure dropped, leaving me weak and dizzy. That 's when the vomiting started. The worst it got: one sip of water had me throwing up until nothing came out and then dry-heaving to the brink of exhaustion. I was almost completely bedridden for two days, and only just recovered today, having survived on sips of Gatorade. I 'm amazed the FDA approved Trulicity. It felt more like rat poison than a promising new drug.
I have been on otezla going on 4 months now, my results have not been that great. My plaques are less angry and not as red but they are still very visible and itchy, the majority of my plaques are on my legs and arms the rest of my body was always clear.  Visiting with my dermatologist to see if I shoukd give it some more time or stop taking it; I 'll keep you posted. I had very little side affects by the way, a little diareah.
I 've taken this a couple times and never really thought about the side effects because my body is unpredictable due to other sicknesses but this last time I took it, I wondered if anyone had experienced the same effects. Taking it gives you relief but not without putting you through hell first. I take it in the afternoon and wake up the next morning with horrible cramps, I get cold sweats occasionally and I start shaking. It scares the living crap out of me and then for the rest of the day I feel extremely weak. If you 're gonna take this mentally prepare for that hell
I 've had the mirena for 2 months now I been bleeding the whole 2 months.  It finally starting to lighten up.  I have gain 15lbs and it makes me eat a lot. I had really good eating habits before I got this.  I was thinking of another contraception but my doc told me give it sometime.  I had pains in the beginning not anymore.  If I could stop the weight I would be OK.
Third day of medicine but still having symptoms. Those of you who report adverse reactions and then go on taking the medicine should know that is not a good idea. I am allergic to several antibiotics, and my doc says stop taking at the first sign of any reaction as it can be very serious.
I have had Nexplanon since April of 2016. It works when it comes to not getting pregnant 100% to me. I just hate the side effects I 've been moody, crying at nonsense things, and my period has been on for almost 3 months. Me and my significant other haven 't had sex in a month because my period had gotten heavier. Overall I 'm happy with the fact it works, but girls I can 't stand how CRAZY it makes us.
This is my first week on it and its seems to be starting to control my acne but I will randomly get sick to my stomach and want to throw up. I also  seem to be getting that brown discharge everyone else seems to have written about. I would recommend taking it with food. other than that, it seems to be the best out of the many birth controls I have tried
I am 33 years old and have been depressed for as long as I can remember. This year I took the leap and accepted the fact that I need medications to continue living a functional life.  I was prescribed 20mg Celexa once a day.  For the first two months things were getting better I did experience some insomnia but that subsided after two weeks. I eventually plateaued and was given a new dose of 40mg.  Not sure how much it has helped, I constantly feel tired and lack motivation.  I will looking at other meds when I see my doc next.
I give this medicine a 5 because it does lower your blood pressure but unfortunately the side effects are pretty bad. I was diagnosed with hypertension at 25 and before benicar I never had a dizzy spell in my life. Now dizzy spells are just part of life as well as fatigue and breathing issues.  It 's not all the time but a few times a week I just feel unwell. I think this is a good medicine for an older person who just needs to get the numbers down but it 's terrible for a young active person.
I began taking this medicine about 1 year ago. I started on 15 mg, then upped to 30 then upped to 45. At first I felt better, kind of a happy optimistic feeling and then it kinda quit working so we went up to 30 mg which Is almost too much for me it would knock me out for 10 hours (I always take it right before bed) and I went back to the doctor and he said to just take more so I was put on the 45 mg tabs. I absolutely can not take a whole 45 mg tab I always wake up 11-12 hours later. If I have to get up early I am so fatigued in the morning so what I do is break a 45 mg one in half and I 'm actually taking 22.5 mg now, any more is too sedating. It works very well for my insomnia but as far as my anxiety and depression it doesnt seem to work
After suffering with migraines for over 10yrs Topamax has been a life saver. I had tried several other meds (Zomig, Imitrex, etc.) but they would only work for a while and then stop working for me all together. I have been on Topamax for over a yr now and went from 4 or 5 migraines a month to one every couple of months.  I am currently taking 200mg/day (100mg in the morning and evening). Side effects are minimal compared to the agony of having migraines all the time.
I had a bit of constipation and it was getting uncomfortable so I decided to take 2 senekot. I probably should not have taken 2 as the next day I couldn 't keep off the toilet and by the second day I had to take imodium which is the opposite because I kept having diarrhoea and it seems  to be making feel really light headed. I drank lots of water. It definitely relieves constipation but way too much!! So if you are severely constipated it 's worth a go.
Switched to this combo from Glyburide/Metformin 5/500 4Xday after warning by Humana re Glyburide causing glucose to go too low, &lt;50.. Still have fasting glucose about 160, same as with Glyburide most of the time. Last HbA1C was 6.7. Doc switched me to expensive Trulicity which didn 't seem to do much better but caused bad side effects. See that posting for more info.
Prilosec completely eradicates the severe reflux I suffer from due to a rare stomach condition known as gastroparesis.  Sadly, it completely eliminates my appetite as well.  It also slows my metabolism down to a crawl, which is already inherently slow due to my stomach condition.  
Soooo...what a ride. Started on 10 mgs and felt ok. I was getting a stiff neck at times and my back would hurt a bit. But I kept on. Now I 'm on 20 mgs probably for around 3 weeks and this third week on 20mgs has been rough. It 's like I sleep, but I don 't feel rested. It 's weird. I 'm hoping it goes away because I don 't want to start all over again with a new drug. I 'll probably stay on for a week and write down how I feel, but if that &quot;side effect&quot; doesn 't go away I 'm done. Its helping the racing thoughts, but I can 't feel tired all the time.
PROS- No period and didn 't get pregnant within the 2 years that I had the NexplanonCONS- Cravings, Migraines, No energy, Weight gain (14lbs in 2 years) to be exact and that 's a lot for me because I 'm already a big girl, Hard to lose the weight, mood swings, fatigued, lots of depression. It 's like being imaginary pregnant lol without having a baby growing inside of you.
I started out on the low dose. Lost 8 lbs in a month. Wasn 't happy with that. I watched everything I ate and didn 't cheat . Recently went back and increased the dose to 30/25. This better show better results or I 'm done. The topamax also makes me very moody. The first couple of weeks I would start crying for no reason. Hopefully that goes away.
My mother has cancer. With that she has anxiety. The Dr prescribed her vistaril 25mg. Granted it kinda helps anxiety but it contributes to hallucinations. When I leave her off of it she has anxiety when she takes it, her dreams are vividly real. Weigh your options or decrease dosage but if a loved one is taking this medication before mental diagnosis try replacing or removing this drug for at least 48 hrs.
I 've been on Prozac for one month. I don 't notice much other than vivid dreams and weight loss. I started out at 125 and now am 118 even though I still feel like I 'm eating normally. My dreams are very lucid and intense. Gonna give it more time to see if it helps with my depression but so far I don 't notice it.
I have been on Ortho TriCyclen Lo for approximately 15 years, I 'm not sure exactly when I started since its been that long. The first 5 or so years were great, I had regular periods, light-moderate bleeding, less acne and cramps but after that I 've had less sex drive, regular adult acne, steady weight gain with the inability to lose easily (even tried weight-watchers with no effect), mood swings and slight depression. Other factors may have come into play with school, work and relationships but I 'm now married and the side-effects are more noticeable since the other factors have leveled out. I 'm trying something else mainly due to weight gain, mood swings and cost - I 'm in Arizona - OTCL is now $88 a month.
34 years old diagnosed back in Oct 14 started meds at 18mg fine 1st day then no real benefit after that  I hoped the increase would help did for a while. Now on 54mg and I 'm not in a great place and emotionally feel low  and feel desperate. My relationship has broken down I 'm hoping tomorrow I can change meds
Day 2 three tablet 's down about to take my second one and last one for the day.I 'm a anxious person generally so of course I looked up the side effects...The ones I 've experienced are extreme nausea... bloating,gas,feverish,dizziness,hot n cold sweats.But only 3 tablet 's in and it 's helping a lot with the pain in the kidneys on n off though.  Got to say the nausea is the worst part I 'm practically bed bound. Most of this is probably due to how bad my infection but it got worse after taken ciprofloxacin
Hello all:My daughter has had some form of depression since high school. Where she has had therapy it wasn 't recommended that she take medication. She has a safety plan in place, food, exercise etc. She seemed to manage the depression pretty well until college. She had never been on any antidepressants before and her first trip the the pshyc. they put her on lamictal 25 mg.  My fear as a mom is that she is depressed not bipolor.  She 's only been on it for a week and where she presents more snippy/angry in her depression she has cried everyday on this medication. We don 't have a follow up for a few weeks does anyone have any advise?
I 've been on contrave for about 6 weeks. I 've dropped only about 5 pounds. I could not handle the severe nauseousness so I only take 3 pills a day. 4 is too much for me. But this pill does curve my appetite after about 10 minutes of eating.
It 's impossible to stay on this med long term unless you want man boobs. My nipples have pain in them and I had sexual side effects. I also had akathisia on this med and needed to pace back and forth. It 's not worth the weight gain.
I am on my fourth month of Apri and me and my boyfriend have never had protected sex and I have not gotten pregnant. The downfalls to Apri is that I have crazy mood swings and it 's taking a big toll on our relationship. We fight constantly and I have horrible mood swings, and I always have nausea.
I took Lybrel or the generic equivalent Amethyst for many years.  In the first years I found it worked very well for me and I loved it. I never had a period!  Then I needed to take NSAIDs regularly for osteoarthritis which caused constant break through bleeding along with Endometriosis symptoms.  Whenever I discontinued use of the Lybrel to keep my lining from becoming so thin, my periods were dibilitating and extremely heavy.  Just started on Reclipsen with hopes of better results. I recommend this pill for anyone who does not regularly take any meds that can cause blood thinning.
I was on Lyrica for 2 years. At first it was fabulous! But over time I needed to keep increasing the dosage to get the same result. The side effects were bad for me. In the two years I was on it I gained 60 lbs and my hair started falling out. I have since switched to Neurontin with no side effects and my hair is slowly coming back. Lyrica was a miracle for me for about 18 months but as they say all good things must come to an end.
I do feel that I have a better sleep with 100mg of seroquel XR.I have, however, had adverse effects with the quick release (Non XR) with this medication I have nightmares, vivid dreams and poor sleep.
The only problem I have had with Vicodin is that it really upsets my stomach. Whether I have an empty stomach, full stomach or whether I eat right after I take it or right before. It doesn 't matter. Still makes me so sick. So my doctor suggested that I crush it and add it to yogurt or something of that sort and it has been helping a lot. I don 't know what the difference is but hey, it works and i 'm pain free.
This is really a dual-medication review of 10. I have bad muscle spasms in response to pain from a lower back (L5) herniated disk that is also compressing nerves that pass down S1 area below, causing sciatica pain in the bum and upper legs. I was prescribed Valium to help alleviate the spasms generated by the pain, and it helped to about a rating of 6. Then I was prescribed Baclofen (Brand: Liorsal) in combination with the Valium and that has completely taken away the spasms. I take them 30 minutes before rising and the spasms are gone when I get up. The morning spasms are the worst, because of the turning you do in your sleep. I do not get drowsy, even with both, but I have a high tolerance to drowsy medicines. If spasms are your only pain, this may help.
On 6th week of Viibryd. It starts with a jump. Then tapers down and up a bit; then levels off and is decently effective. It 's more sedating than Cymbalta and its a pain to eat in the am. However, so far it 's weight neutral and I 'll see how it progresses in another month. Only side effects are gas, and touches of stomach digestive feelings. So far so good
History: 44, no kids, no pregnancies. Mirena place five months ago.Recommendation: Ask for anesthetic. This made the insertion painless. Note, you may get a bit dizzy for 5 minutes. Symptoms: Gained 8lbs in the first week despite my regular cycling and running. Low libido for the first two months now okay. Period only for the first month and now ghost periods consisting of bloating. Recently my breast have been over the top swollen and tender, making it annoying to run (8wks now).   My boyfriend says he noted a increase in moodiness. I 've rarely had problems with anxiety but now I feel a low grade feeling of being overwhelmed and anxious.    
I 've been taking 150mg 2x a day for approximately 3 years and it 's now time to call it a day. I just can 't deal with the permanent exhaustion, lack of words when I 'm speaking, memory loss and I still get migraines! I 've dropped the 25mg tablet from my original 75mg dose (now on 50mg morning and 75mg evening) and I cannot believe how much the &quot;fog&quot; has lifted. I am just so happy, I could cry. I already feel like some of the confusion has started to clear and for the first time in ages, I can see and think clearly. My aim is come off this medicine completely and find another way to tackle the migraines. Here 's hoping! Best wishes to you all.
Flexeril makes me so drowsy that I fall asleep before I can feel actual relief of pain and then I miss out on everything. The only good thing is that it relaxes me so that I 'm not tense.
I was terrified to have a zolendronic acid infusion after reading about side effects. Apart from aches and pains I was ok. Some pain was briefly very uncomfortable and it travelled all over my body finally reaching my toes... but nowhere as bad as I had imagined. Taking some time off work was necessary, and I was weak for awhile but I was back at work within 8 days and FINE ! It 's too soon to say if it works but my sis had it and after 3 injections in 3 years she was no longer osteoporotic
It gave me some noticeable relief. Pain went from 5/10 to a 2/10. Put it on before going to sleep.
It works great for blood pressure but there is a tickle cough associated with it.
I have been on this birth control for about a month and a half now. This my first time on birth control so I did not understand all the changes that were going on. BUT I started craving so many things and also nausea will come! Also many mood swings, specially when my period is near all I want to do is cry, and acne was HORRIBLE. I did not gain weight or anything like that though.
I have been on 100mg a day for around 3 months due to bad depression and obsessive thoughts. It worked pretty good for what I wanted it to do....think of nothing.It did however do some strange things to me:I had constant thoughts of cheeseburgers and fries. Its like I new I was getting fat but didn 't really care. I went from 2 showers a day to 1 shower every 3 days and didn 't care that people thought I smelt.I went from being a complete germaphobe to basically eating other people 's left overs in shopping centre food courts.
I started taking Loestrin Fe in June 2016 due to heavy menstrual bleeding and debilitating pain. I had gastric bypass surgery and found my periods got worse. My GYN Provider recommended this pill. The first few months were very difficult due to mood swings, daily spotting and painful cramps. There were times I wanted to stop the pill but I stayed on it. About 4-5 months later things I noticed things were a bit better. My periods are much lighter and the cramps are more tolerable. I am not layed up and overly cranky the week before my period like before. Instead of getting my period once every 2 weeks it seems to be moving towards 3-4. For reference, I am 38 not sexually active and do not have children. Hopefully things will get even better.
Relieved symptoms of severe depression but caused terrible, debilitating dry eyes.  I have mild dry eye disease under normal circumstances, and dry eyes are *not* listed as a side effect for Latuda.  It got to the point though where I was unable to do anything because of my dry eye discomfort.  I got severely tense and anxious, which kind of negated any positive effect from the Latuda.  So, we stopped it, and my dry eyes went away.
I have suffered from moderate-severe acne for about 3 years, and was prescribed Isotretinoin after being referred to a dermatologist. Within a few days, my skin and lips were very dry. Within a few weeks I had dry eyes, eczema on my arms and chest, and I had earaches. At around 1 month in, my skin began to clear completely, but it was at this time the side effects became unbearable. I got severe headaches, blurred vision, the driest throat, bloody cough and an exacerbation of all my earlier symptoms. I was gutted, but had to stop taking the drug after a month and a half because of these effects. My skin has since remained slightly better. Please remember this is my experience and yours will differ!!
I began using this birth control in January 2012 to treat cystic acne and to prep me for beginning Accutane. My periods before this pill were bad, I had heavy bleeding with painful cramps. Once I began the birth control they got lighter and now I have absolutely no cramps! My face looks fantastic now, I only have the occasional zit. I can handle that since I used to have 20 at one time. I would say I started to notice side effects around May of 2012. I began having pretty bad headaches, usually everyday when I wake up. I had a little bit of weight gain. The worst was how moody I began to be. I would really only like spending time alone. I also lost my sex drive completely. 
This medicine works but you start having different side effects. When I was taking Zyrtec I started having pain in my back and then stabbing pain in the spine, and also an irritating pain of the knees and non-stop twitching of the eyes.I just recently discontinued my prescription of Zyrtec due to the above side effects. Now I have no pain but have started itching all over my body. I prefer the itching than the pain.  
I recent began Fentynal Patches am on 37.5 Mylan.  With a piggyback or b/t med of only Norco 5/325 twice daily .  Im sorry but if this is supposed to be the strongest we have out there I am disappointed.   I at one time was on or taking all vic meaning 7.5 as well as 10mg then percocet Percocet a joke.My body per saliva swab test don 't recall name indicates my body metabolizes quickly.  How long shall I wait to tell the Nurse Practioner Pain specialist this isn 't working.  Sure lightheaded all Narcotics begin that way, however pain still 7-8 what do I need to do?  Only been on this dose second day I was on 25 mg she increased.
Beware, been on it for almost 3 yrs. Worked great on bladder but has so many side effects. Now my stomach doesn 't work properly and I suffer from severe constipation and severe nausea. I finally decided i 'd rather be in diapers than go through what is happening.  These are just two of the side effects but it took me a long time to figure that Toviaz was the problem. Been off Toviaz for almost one week now and nausea is decreasing and I pray my gastroparesis will get better.
I have really bad anxiety and I 've pretty much tried everything. I take kaldopins for panic attacks and they work but I needed something for daily issues. This medicine really worked but omg I can 't handle the side effects. Everyday I have a migraine or I 'm nauseous or puking.
I had the 3 month 11.25mg on 3/30/2015 to shrink my giant fibroid to the size that the laparoscopic myomectomy can be performed. I had no symptom of side effects for the first month and also having my period but ever since the second month (May) the side effects were really hitting me hard; including hot flashes and night sweat. Had my surgery at the end of June and my doctor confirmed that I had reacted to the Lupron more thanexpected as the fibroid not only shrink but part of it was degenerated. So Instead of a 2 hours operation, it ends up to be a 6 hours.  Now, it 's been 5 months and the Lupron still lasting (period still not back yet), don 't know when it will be gone...
So the first time I used this product I was burning like crazy! I ended up with an infection again a couple months later &amp; decided to try again ( The same pack) although I only have 6 days of product the box says if I don 't see a change in 3 days to see a doc, so I 'm assuming the whole 7 days aren 't all that necessary anyway.. Oh well this is my first day trying it after the last horrible experience. But this time I don 't feel ANY burning... A lady told me tampering with the vagina before using the product can cause burning (ex. From itching or wiping vigorously) ...
I 've taken this medication for about 5 years now after having no success with other antidepressants. I take 75 mg everyday. On the rare occasion that I run out of pills or miss a dosage, the side effects are incredibly hellish. The nausea and dizziness are hindering and I have found nothing that can help these side effects.
Celexa has changed my life. The first couple days I was yawning uncontrollably which is a rare side effect. After that I started to feel like a robot almost. I just did things, I didn 't think too much about anything. I guess maybe that 's why it helps with depression. But not only does it suppress the bad thoughts. It also suppresses the positive and creative thoughts.
Been taking this birth control for 8 months now since giving birth. Pros are light periods that last 3-4 days, 5 tops and they always come on time. No pregnancy so that 's good. Cons.. (Well, my only MAJOR con) is WEIGHT GAIN!!!! I am constantly gaining weight every month and it 's scary. Every time I step on the scale I 've gained another 2-3lbs. I don 't even eat a lot &amp; have never gained weight this rapidly in my life. So far I 've gained 13lbs since starting this pill.. It 's depressing &amp; I cry about it. Also it is almost impossible to lose the weight other than practically starving yourself. Contraceptive side of Mononessa is good but the weight gain is NO GO!!!
7 months pregnant. Found out I had this and took 3 pills after a large dinner. I 've been to the bathroom 3 times with diarrhea but no other side effect. I 've read a lot about no harm to the baby.
Initially, it worked great. When the doses were administered close together, I rarely had a flare, and when I did they were very mild. As the time between infusions was increased, I began to have more frequent and severe flares.My Rheumatologist and I are currently working to adjust the dosing schedule.
Doc said take 900mg a day, I 've reduced to 6mg a day. Herniated disc l-4,l-5. I sleep better at night. I think back pain is some better. I take tamsulosin so I 'm sort of dizzy anyhow. 74 years old, active/athletic golf, offshore fishing etc. Thinking of surgery but maybe it 's inevitable. Will wait &amp; see. Would prefer no drugs but only on this 6 weeks..My body has always healed itself. I think God will do it again.
I was essentially mis-prescribed Actiq when I should have been getting fentanyl patches for my cancer pain.  This caused problems with both bolus dosing (transient overdosage) and build-up of opioid tolerance with the Actiq that have not been nearly as great a problem with fentanyl patches.Other patients may have different experiences; however for chronic cancer pain, the patches might be considered before use of Actiq.
Dymista worked great on the swelling and pain in my sinuses, but I experienced several negative side effects so I discontinued use.  I felt jittery, anxious, nauseated and had diarrhea.
Everyones body is different, but I would not recommend this pill. My sex drive became COMPLETELY nonexistent while on Junel- to the point were I was starting to question my sexuality in general. Unneeded stress was put on my long  term relationship and was very difficult for my boyfriend to understand. I know this might not be a concern for everyone, but know that this may be a very real side-effect for you on Junel and if this  affect you the same then DON 'T USE JUNEL. Some pros for me: I never experienced weight gain on the pill or any acne issues. Cons: sex drive gone, irregular periods (even being on this pill for more that a year), more aggressive mood. I got off this pill as soon as I could and now have an IUD.
Have been on this for 6 weeks, and have to discontinue due to severe insomnia, heart pounding and chest pain. Very effectively reduced my need for albuterol (went from using it daily down to once or twice a week) but the side effects are bad.
I 'm newly diagnosed.  Using both this and percocet.  It has helped some, mostly the stabbing.  Minimal help during the night even with the percocet.  Next doctor visit want to try something else.
Blood pressure down: now 130/70.Have had severe tickling of throat and cough most of day and kept awake at night. Just had gastroscopy and results clear.
I am on Lexapro but felt I needed a push mentally, like I was stuck. There was something not right. I was prescribed Abilify, and for the 2 weeks under minimum dose it was great. Then I felt slight agitation, aggressive, worst was memory loss. I knew it was not sudden onset dementia, but stopped and weaned after 4 weeks. I feel better now without it. The everyday, over small stuff, memory loss stopped. I sure felt good the first 2 weeks.
It 's my 7th month on nexplanon and I 'm still having random spotting. Really hope I 'm like the other women and it goes away.  Ive gained no weight,  and only a little acne, but I am a teenager.
I am 19 years old and have been fighting acne for about 4 years now. I have tried just about all over the counter acne washes, creams, you name it, I 've  tried it. most did not work and the few that did work gave me an allergic reaction. I had stubborn acne that wouldn 't go away and was on the verge of giving up. My dad took me to the dermatologist 3/07/13 and the next day (03/08/13) I began using Epiduo gel at night with Doryx. It is now 03/13/13 and I LOVE the visible results! My complexion looks amazing compared to what it was. I still have some acne left and some scars. However, my face is really dry and rough. I also have severe burning! Feels like my face is on fire and all I want to do is cry from the pain!
I 've been taking Klonopin for about 3 months now. Although it does alleviate my anxiety levels, I find that I sometimes get agitated very easily and become short tempered.
I 've had anxiety for five years,and started taking Paxil since my first anxiety attack. In all this time I 've been on Paxil, I only had about 2 to 3 attacks. The problem that I have is feeling dizzy or light-headed since my first attack. It wont go away and it makes me feel tired and lazy. Paxil has helped me with the attacks dramatically, but the light-headedness is still there. 
After six years of such extreme constipation that I was going maybe once a week sometimes once every two weeks. Bloating to where it looked like I had basketball under my shirt and such extreme gass I don 't even want to go into it.  And this was every day for six years. Every day. I 'm scared to eat anything absolutely anything. Then after numerous doctors visits and numerous doctors. I was given Linzess samples.  For a month and a half my life was completely changed almost normal even. Then the samples ran out I went to fill the prescription, it cost $500 a month!! even after  The discount, and in the 300 range after my deductible was met. I can 't even remotely afford this.  I 'm devastated that I can afford this medication. Devastated!
Going on 8 days of heavy period that started in the middle of my pack.  I have a new boyfriend so this isn 't working for me
have been on citalopram 20mg for 11 days now , im a lonely single guy and cant interact with people , very self concious and neverous around people , still waiting for the drug to work , i know it takes a while to build up ,just taking time
I was put on Meagace 40mg tab twice a day for 60 days to stop abnormal bleeding. It worked for the first 45 days but I then began to bleed again. My doctor put me back on the medication but I am still bleeding. It no longer works. I wonder if I should increase my dose.
Good moisturizer.  Smells bad though.
This BC is not bad to be honest. I mean, this is the first one I have ever tried but I will be coming off completely in the next month. I workout and eat right for the most part and I have gained 7lbs on this BC in less than 3 months. It is concerning and I would like to discontinue. Also, I have noticed less hair growth, which I think is great but now for others. I also, noticed more migraines and more acne. I have had more depressing thoughts and way more mood swings- which I think is almost normal on BC. However, I really don 't want to have tender breasts and significant weight gain and be a crazy person. Different for everyone I suppose.. but not pregnant.. so that 's a plus.I also got my period twice a month on this and both bad .
I am a 47 year old male who has taken this drug for 10 years. (300 mg per day everyday.)  Yes it will ease pain, but normally 2 to 3 years you have to increase it. I was medically dependent within months.  In late fall 09, the medicines just lost their effect by at least 50%.  So I was faced with a 50% increase in medicines.  I said NO!  So I tried a medical detox place to start.  After 90 hours there, they said you have done great we are sending you home.  I was so proud till 4a.m. the next day. I threw up 90 times in the next 60 hours.  I lost 34lbs. in 8 days and had severe withdrawal symptoms for 2 more weeks. It has been 30 days since I started this and I will never put that poison in my body. 
I haven 't been able to sleep through the night I always wake up every 2 hours for the pass 2-3 months and I 'm so tired at work I would take NyQuil to help me sleep but it didn 't help me sleep through the night then I tried unisom I took it around 9:30 I didn 't fall asleep till around 10:30 and I didn 't sleep through the whole night I kept waking up and I was still a little tired in the morning
My doctor suggested that I take birth control so I decided to try out the pills first. She prescribed me lo loestrin Fe and I took it for about 3 months before I decided to throw them away. My acne became really horrible! I had never had cystic acne in my life. My skin has still not cleared up which is a real bummer and I 'm pretty sure I 'm going to remain with scars. Overall it did its job at preventing pregnancy. My period spotted for a few days the first month and I didn 't have a period the remaining months. It was really great without period pains also. I am now going to try an implant and change the hormonal balances to tray and clear my skin ugh!!
I have been taking TRI-LINYAH for a few months. Prior to this pill I had completely clear skin, and HORRIBLE periods!!! Now it 's the opposite my face is covered in acne but my periods are AMAZING.. I 'm kind of disappointed about the fact I have to choose clear skin over painless periods.
It is okay for the arthritis pain I have everyday.  I was taken off of Vicodin for my pain. I was on it for 13 years and compared to the Vicodin I would give it a moderate rating nothing special about it. A very low dose, it is like taking Motrin to me.
I really like this drug. I used to sleep all the time but this gives me tons of energy. I am one of the few who has actually lost weight while on it. I love my Prozac!
Excellent at helping to quit smoking, as long as you are: a) seriously ready to quit; and b) prepared for the pattern changes (i.e. smoking in the car, smoking while on the phone, after meals, etc.)  Worked really well for the first 3 to 4 weeks, but then dropped me into a severe depression and a downward spiral in the 4th and 5th weeks.  I tapered back and eventually stopped taking it altogether starting in week 6 or so.  At week 10 I ended up in the back of a police car on my way to the ER after a serious suicidal episode.  PLEASE BE CAREFUL WITH THIS DRUG!  I 've suffered from depression (never diagnosed or treated, but we know ourselves, don 't we?) my entire life on and off, but this was bad.  I 'd go cold turkey, all things considered...
Worked great for my depression, at a low dose, for many years.  They started me on a high dose and it made me very anxious.  Unfortunately after being on Paxil for about 6 years it lost its effectiveness within a week.  I still haven 't found a replacement for this.
I am on my fourth month of Apri and me and my boyfriend have never had protected sex and I have not gotten pregnant. The downfalls to Apri is that I have crazy mood swings and it 's taking a big toll on our relationship. We fight constantly and I have horrible mood swings, and I always have nausea.
I started taking half pill of 25 mg. daily for 1 week then started a full pill of 25 mg daily . my blood sugar drops from 250 to 190 in the morning . of course also  I am taking twice a day 1000 mg of metformin and 10 mg of gluburide twice daily . after the jardiance I noticed loss of weigh 2 pounds in 2 weeks and increased of hearts beats .
&quot;I have been using ziana for about 6-7 months and it has made my acne better but it makes my face EXTREMLY oily and peely at the same time, but the first 2 months I guess I was better off without ziana, but after that it slowly got better, at the moment my skin still isn 't clear but it 's gotten better.&quot;
I 'm not sure how I feel about this drug helping with my bipolar. I 'm on lamictal for that and was put on seroquel to help with it until I was on a high enough dosage of that and truly did not feel it made any difference. I have stayed on a low dose of seroquel simply because I LOVE the sedative effects. If there was an option on here for the reason we were taking it was &quot;insomnia&quot; I would have put that. I never realized how awful I was sleeping until this medicine. 50mg a night and I get an amazing nights sleep. No more waking up to every little sound despite sleeping with a noise maker. It 's amazing.
I didn 't like this birth control and I know it affects everyone differently, but this was my first time on the pill and within the first 3 months I gained 20 lbs! I also had a lot of breast tenderness. Then I got switched to Syeda, and the 2nd month I was on it I had headaches daily that would not go away with ibuprofen or Excedrin. Then by the 3rd month I had headaches every other day. Not to mention on a daily basis I had breast tenderness and cramps every week except the first week of the start of my pills. And now I 'm going to start the Depo Provera shot in two weeks, and I 'm hearing mixed reviews with that.
I got the nexplanon inserted march 1st 2016 and i have made an appointment for it to be removed....the only good thing from it is only spotting for a few days a month and it does its job to prevent pregnancy but i can pretty much cry on command now...i get mad over the tiniest things that wouldn 't have mattered before i got this...and also ive gained atleast 20 pounds without a single change in my diet..definitely wouldn 't recommend!
Product partially effective but major gastrointestinal problems were just too much to deal with for the marginal relief I was getting for my AF.
Geodon has definitely helped with the severity of my symptoms. As a long time sufferer of Bipolar II disorder, I believe I will continue to use the medication.
This birth control works and does its job, it 's just the mood swings that have been terrible for me.  I cry all the time over nothing and I go from being happy to angry to depressed.  I feel it putting a strain on my relationship and I am considering going off it.  On the plus side, however, my period cramps are now nonexistent.  I haven 't experienced any weight gain or cravings (I 've always eaten a lot though so it 's hard to tell!).  My acne actually got better, but only slightly and that could be due to other factors.  I just feel like the mood swings outweigh the benefits and I just want to feel better.
I&rsquo;ve been on this drug for slightly more than 2 weeks. The only reason I started taking this drug is to quit smoking, and it didn&rsquo;t help at all. I got a few rages since I started it too, and this is so not me.
I have been on Ortho Evra for three months and my experiences so far have been okay. The very first week of starting the patch, I was very nauseous, had some diarrhea, and very bad headaches (however I think this would be the case with most methods). Usually the first week is the worst. Since then, I 've had random headaches and nausea (mostly on the patch &quot;change&quot; days). Unfortunately, I had terrible abnormal vaginal bleeding that seemed to be like a heavy period for a little bit over two weeks. My only other complaint is that the patch gets stuck to my clothing a lot and it concerns me. Sometime it gets bubbles in it or it looks like its falling off. However, I like the ease of use, and the fact that it is not a pill.
I have experienced more rapid cycling with this medication, major insomnia and then sleepiness.  Also, I have experienced shortness of breath and higher blood pressure.  However it helps in making oneself quite groggy for half a day.
I can 't give methadone a horrible review as it does have its place. When your bad off it can get your life back in order. I 've been on and off twice. Each time over 2 years on @ around 130mg usually. While on it you can beat drug adiction, so it does save lives, BUT it comes at a cost. Its much more addictive than herion and I did a bundle per shot just not to feel sick (didn 't get high) while off methadone in my past. Hard to believe but it 's true. Getting off of it is  much harder. Regular opiate withdraw lasts maybe 4 to 5 days. Methadone withdrawal can take weeks to feel normal again making most return to the clinic or start to use again to kill the sickness. Even getting off slowly doesn 't make it easy.
I started Victoza 6 weeks ago and lost 5 quick pounds. I have not lost a siongle pound since. I am on 1.2 plus 5 clicks on the pen. Has anyone else experienced no weight loss. My sugars are about 120 to 115. 
Worked well in the beginning, felt better than I had in years with the exception of nausea the first couple days.  This medicine does NOT sit well on an empty stomach! Cleared up the fibro fog, had not felt so awake in 6 years.  This did not last though.  Eventually felt normal except minus the fibro fog but with continuous migraines.  Felt like I was having PMS constantly.  Did not see any relief from pain.  Very emotional and cold chills. 
I experienced difficulty keeping up with my normal diet and felt extremely bloated and nauseated. Was not a fan of the diarrhea either.
Was prescribed Elavil mainly for chronic headaches. Also suffer from depression, anxiety and insomnia so my neurologist had me start Elavil to try and kill many birds with one stone, so to speak. Elavil worked great to reduce the intensity of my headaches. Although they were still going on it was much more tolerable. I had been on Elavil only one month and a week before I stopped. First week my insomnia and anxiety seemed to be simmering down (This stopped soon after week 2). As for my depression... Elavil put it under a magnifying glass. I was suicidal and crying on a daily basis, it was not the medication for me... It helped with the main objective but at a horrible cost.
Made me feel emotionless and numb... Got constipated pooping pellets. Barely peeing ..dehydrated.. Sudden pimples  the kind that won 't go away.. Missed period for someone whose never missed a period .. Weight gain.. Stubborn weight. I 'm all ugly now.. Possible uti culpritStopped taking it without doctors support fucking psychiatrist is stupid... and all my problems disappeared and I 'm much happier.. Would reccomended people not take it .. Cons outweigh the pros for me.
I only experienced some slight nausea and abdominal pain that was worse when taking the medicine on an empty stomach.
I 've been taking Xarelto for 5 months for a blood clot brain . I 've felt a range of side effects including : dizziness/vertigo, headaches, photosensitivity, lesions on my nose, ear and tongue, sinusitis, nausea, diarrhea, HEAVY menstrual bleeding, and general aches/fatigue. Basically, any kind of infection I get is much worse than it would be normally. I haven 't had any major bleeding events, but my periods have been debilitatingly heavy.As far as effectiveness, it has worked for me and I have not developed any further clotting, which is the most important thing. Not sure if other blood thinners are as effective and have less severe side effects, but if they are, it probably would 've been worth the extra trips to the doc for me.
I took only two days at 0.6 and by the second day I was totally confused, weak, nauseous, acid reflux, ears ringing, circulation issues, the works, etc. It really curbed my appetite, but I literally caved under the side effects. I stopped for two weeks and started again this week at two clicks, which is about 0.1. The side effects are still there, but more bearable, however my appetite is not fully curbed, only a bit at lunch time, and not really at night. I will increase the dose slowly to curb appetite more, despite the remaining side-effects. I really hope to lose weight, gained in a year because my adrenals/ hormones gave me huge cravings at night because of deep fatigue. Its worth it to stop and try again at a different dose.
For everyone who has experienced negative results from taking Belsomra  &amp; from a well-experienced insomniac, I was advised by a very knowledgable pharmacist that in order for Belsomra to work properly &amp; effectively (after having taken Ambien for many years), I was to stop taking Ambien &amp; let it completely wash out of my system for 3-4 days before starting Belsomra.  She stated, that this medication, unlike Ambien, is not supposed to assist you in falling asleep, as so much as it works to help you stay asleep, however, it won 't work as it should, if I don 't have a break between medications. After reading all of the comments about Belsomra not working for so many people, I 'm definitely intend on following the Pharmacists instructions to the letter.
I  use  the  niacin  regularly. My  numbers  show  a  slow  moderation, my  doctor  is  pleased. I use not at night, it  disturbed  my sleep. Thanks.
works great the only thing is it makes me sleepy so if I was working or driving it would not bearable to do it....
I hurt my knee and was given this for pain. Gives me a headache and doesn 't real curb the pain.
I took the free 2 week period and started on 3/21/17 at 283.  I switched over to the 7.5 and now weigh 279 (4 lb total weight loss in 4 weeks).  My RX is $144.   I never had much of an appetite to start out with and now with Qsymia, I have even less.  If it wasn 't for my boyfriend reminding me it is breakfast, lunch or dinner, I believe I would forget to eat (which I know it is not good).  I have a desk job and have always had walking in my daily routine.  I have not changed that routine as of yet.  I hope to see significant results in the next few months.  The only side affects I experienced is the craving for water and restless nights (although I never slept well to begin with).  Keep you all posted.
I 'm 20 years old and horrible at taking the pill everyday. So I 've had this lovely bar in my arm for almost a year now. I 've had one period and no cramps what so ever. But the weight gain has been crazy. I have in total almost gained 30 pounds!! Definitely getting this removed and just going to have to suck it up and take the pill
If you already suffer from anxiety, DO NOT TAKE THIS SHOT. I read the warnings and tried it anyway and I am 100% regretting it now.After my first shot, I felt moody and depressed, but I thought these were effects of the abortion I had a few weeks prior. Somehow, the mood swings continued. My anxiety worsened. I was having panic attacks every other night during the last week of the 3rd month. My body was exhausted.For some reason, I still didn 't equate the stress to the shot. I took the shot again when it was scheduled to be given to me, and all hell broke loose. The fear and anxiety and sadness I felt during the first week of my first round were tenfold. I will NOT be taking this again and look forward to it leaving my system.
I only gave this product the rating I did because I 'm not sure if it 's ineffective BUT I will say by far this is the worst experience I 've ever had. I inserted the medication at 11:30pm and woke up at 2:00am crying. THIS STUFF BURNS LIKE I DON 'T KNOW WHAT! I 'm writing this review with an I ice pack sitting between my legs. I 've tried to sit in a shallow tub of COLD water and not much relief. I hope my vag doesn 't burn off! but seriously use this stuff with caution!
After two months of using the Mirena I started experiencing heavy bleeding. It has been a year and I still have heavy bleeding. Currently I keep getting cramps in my lower abdomen, which I have never had before.
I 've been on this pill almost 8 months and I have to say, I also have mixed reviews. I haven 't gotten pregnant, so it has proven effective in that sense. I 've also gained weight, experienced the migraines and nausea others have mentioned, now have lighter periods, and get frequent bacterial vaginosis. It is definitely as bad as it sounds. I 've also had some trouble with moisture down there during sex. Being that my cycle was irregular before, I wanted something to prevent pregnancy but also allows for a monthly menstrual cycle. This was more than I bargained for. I think I 'm going to stop taking the pill and look into other options. 
Ive been a chronic underarm sweater for years.  While this product did indeed stop my sweating, I 've developed a burning and nasty rash under both arms.  I 've only used it twice and somehow doubt I 'll be able to apply it again. Going to check with dermatologist to find out why it is affecting me this way.
I just started on 120mg ER Diltiazem once daily. I am 45 male, 6 '3&quot; 210 lbs, with SVT history. I past been on Metropolol, Atenlol and Bystolic. I had horrible side effects with Beta Blockers. Doc switched me to Diltiazem because he said less side effects. My SVT results in 1-3 second arrythmias and then they stop. I havent been experiencing the SVT in quite some time but my chief complaint is the sinus HeartRate. My resting heartrate on BB was 75bbm. I weaned off BB and for 2 days was medicine free but my resting HR was 90 which quickly shot up when I did anything. I did feel alot better for those 2 days but I went back on 2.5mg Bystolic until I saw Doctor. Day 3 on Diltiazem and resting HR 85/90. Feel better but doesnt seem to slow HR down
When I started taking this medication I was really hopeful, but the first two weeks I noticed no results. However, my family said I was distant, and &quot;here, but not here.&quot; After a couple of months (as encouraged by the doctor) I still didn 't feel like my depression was managed as well as it was on other medications.
Revlimid significantly reduced my cancer levels , also reduced my pains so I could stop taking my Percocet. At this time I just take extra strength Tylenol. The bad side effect was I developed a bad blood clot in my left leg. I am now on a blood thinner.
Yes, you will sleep. But you will also say and do some really weird things.
I didn 't give it a 10 as I have only been on it a week now, just started doubling up. But my appetite and cravings went away as soon as I started the medicine. I do have constipation, but I eventually go. Hoping it wares off, no headaches or nausea. Day 2 of doubling up and I just feel as I did when I took 1 , just the effect of my suppressed appetite just lasts longer. Which is great bc I don 't snack at night anymore which was a huge thing for me. I haven 't weighed myself, I 'm going to wait after the 1st month until I see meDr again. I like this combo of meds because I do feel happier from the buprorion and my appetite is suppressed and cravings for sweets are no longer there. It 's crazy how the receptors in your mind can change like that.
I get periods every 10 - 20 days which lasts for 10 - 14 days, and is quite heavy. The only upside is that I 'm not pregnant so it works, but I thinks mostly because of the bleeding. I 'm going next week to have it removed. And I 've given it nearly 2 years to settle down.
switched from generic Flomax to Alfuzosin for BPH after dizzy episodes on Flomax were severe enough that I would have to lie down. Alfuzosin works about as well on the BPH symptoms of urgency and frequency as Flomax did without the sudden dizzy episodes. However, while there are no sudden dizzy episodes with Alfuzosin, I am experiencing an all-the-time feeling of being tired and weak. I still can get through my workout, but the general overall fatigue is bothersome.
I have been taking ambien for a month and a half. It does eventually help me to fall asleep but it comes with a couple of side effects. One of those side effect is I get very loopy and weird. Also I do not remember anything when I wake up from the time after I take ambien. I probably will not remember writing this review.
I have been taking Zyprexa for about three years. Although it seems to help me restrain from the hyper-manic episodes it seems to also hinder my personality. I feel like my spirit is being suppressed and life for me is not as enjoyable. I do however feel it makes it easier for my loved ones as I don 't send them through my &quot;energetic&quot; episodes that they say are more tiring for them. I too have gained a lot of extra weight especially around the middle ...I feel starved an hour after eating.
I was on Tri-Sprintec for 6 months and didn 't have any problems with the first 4 months, no headaches, weight gain, or cramps. A little nausea for about 30 minutes after taking the pill, periods were lighter and a bit longer. After the 4th pack I started to have spotting and break through bleeding, eventually bleeding for 3 weeks at a time. I also started to have severe mood swings, that got so bad they affected my work and I had to schedule an appointment with my GC. When talking to my GC this can be normal with some patients so I was switched to a lower dose pill, don 't know how that works yet.
Have been having hot flushes for years at night  which are getting worse.  Tried HRT for years but had to come off because of my age.  Chemist suggested I ask Doctor about this drug.  After 3 days I couldn 't keep my eyes open. I managed for 4 hours then went to sleep for 4 hours.   Hot flushes don 't seem quite as bad.  I only hope that this tiredness and drowsiness goes.  Cant be doing with this.
Feel down and nervous on higher dose. Stick with 100mg or less for a while. Over 100mg might be too much, for me it is. I take klonopin, prazosin for PTSD, and latuda for mood swings. Don 't give up unless it makes you horribly sick to your stomach or other side effects, but talk to your doctor first.
Hi, I am 21 with a two year old. My first bc was the mirena, I had that for a year and had to get off due to having so much pain. after that was removed I got the nexplanon. I had that for 5 months and bled EVERY day. I got that removed on 6/16/16 and right after taking it out I got the skyla put in. it was uncomfortable, but really just a pressured cramp. I had cramps that night but the following day I felt fine and had unprotected sex (24 hrs after getting skyla), no pain at all. I am on day 4 of having skyla and have been cramping all day. it is different for everyone, but only you know your body and what you can and cant handle.
I am having problems urinating! I am experiencing confusion which is embarrassing as a teacher. Sometimes I feel my bottom lip tremble.
I have been taking Junel Fe for 1 compelte year after switching from loestrin because of the expenses. Personally it did great for me for preventing birth control. But I gain 18 pounds and always have food cravings. My breast gained 2 cup sizes and are always sore...it 's hard to sleep. My emotions are all over the place I can be fine one minute then I am angry and crying my eyeballs out the next for no reason. My anxiety increased severely and I wwaaas depressed. My acne got worse and my periods were awful. Obviously this pill wasn 't for me. I am finishing my pack and then starting a new one that my doc prescribed. It 's the generic for Yaz which has me worried. But I will give it a try since I know my doctor would not reccomend if  not safe
I have been on Rapaflo for 6 months. Results are mixed: some nights I 'm up only once and others several times. Consuming liquids in the evening makes little difference. Sexually, the only change is no ejaculation which is OK, I guess but not great. Dr. recommends Avodart but the side effects of that medicine are serious in my opinion: erectile dysfunction, swollen breasts, loss of sexual interest. Not going there.
At first the Camrese was great. It successfully treated my cramping, mood swings, and acne. The first two cycles I did experience some spotting, but it decreased and eventually ended. For about another 6-9 months I experienced nearly no problems with the Camrese. A little over a year from starting the Camrese I began to get significant spotting (and I would take the pill at the EXACT same time everyday. I also began to develop an insatiable appetite that would last a week before my period and a week after I started the new pack. What prompted me to look for other forms of BC was that my mood swings would occur a week before, during, and after my period to the point where I was overwhelmed with unexplained anger/frustration.
I could not overcome the nausea caused by this medicine. It did help the fibro.
Works good for my pain but for only two or three hrs, not six like the script says and is expensive.
I went to the Dr and was prescribed Bactrim for a urinary tract infection. I initially took it on a empty stomach which was a mistake. Taking it with food, even crackers, prevents nausea, and most other side effects. I am on my 3rd full day of taking it and I have no relief from my symptoms. I 'm waiting for my culture to come back and will call my Dr for something else if necessary.
Severe rheumatoid arthritis (RA) flare presented in 2006 after a traumatic wrist injury/surgery. Enbrel did not work for 6 months and then mostly worked. Until the end of 3 yrs. Developed Polymyositis in addition to RA. Creates total weakness in the large muscle groups, balance problems, and of course depression. Taking about 20 different medicines, including steroids afterwards. No significant relief except when on steroids greater than 20mg per day. High dose of steroids for past 2 years. Just tried Rituxin infusion therapy. First drip went fine. 2nd infusion caused an allergic reaction. Back to square 1.
This drug took me out of a downward spiraling mixed episode, for that I 'm thankful.  However, being BiPolar II, the initial dosage of 1750 mg. which was never recommended to lower after its effectiveness had been reached, almost put me right back to where I was.  I wouldn 't recommend this drug if you 're on the depressive side of BiPolar, or for any length of time/dosage that the medication isn 't even recommended to be used for.  I 've since switched to Lamictal, will see how it goes.
Side effects:  swollen ankles, constant cough, headache. Lowers blood pressure
I have been on Trinessa for maybe two years. I 've changed birth control multiple times because I wanted to try something that would give me less periods. When my doctor and I discovered fewer periods a year wasn 't working for my body, she put me on Trinessa. From the start I have had nausea so bad it wakes me up in the middle of the night for the first few pills of the pack. I have been getting infections such as BV and UTI 's. I have never ever had any of those infections or any problems with my vag before starting this birth control. Periods are still heavy, cramps are really bad.My sex drive is just gone. My boyfriend thinks I find him unattractive or that I 'm with someone else and cheating on him. Only good thing, no babies
I 've been on this medication for about a year. I personally like to take short breaks from the medication and switch to melatonin as I 've found that on just none stressful situations such as holidays I prefer to take melatonin over clonidine because I 'm not stressed or I don 't have to wake up early. I suffer from EXTREME restless legs (my whole body) all day and night it never stops. And extreme insomnia. When I sleep with out medication it normally takes me about 3 hours to fall asleep and I wake up every 10-20 minutes and it takes me about 5-10 minutes to fall back asleep. So obviously I don 't get much sleep. But with melatonin and clonidine it has helped manage majority of my night time problems (day time we haven 't found a solution
Depo shot def stops you from getting pregnant but it messes up everything else... sex drive mood swings and while on the shot my period wasn 't bad but once i stopped it i didn 't get my period for 4 months then out the blue started bleeding like crazy.. now my period comes whenever.. i can 't even tame it.... i won 't bleed for 5 days then out the blue start spotting or bleeding esp after sex which is causing issues with me and my partner because he gets disgusted with the blood, as he should!! So now my partner is afraid to have sex with me because he doest know if m period will come down in the middle of it.. horrible experience,
I 've been on this pill for about 9 months now and I 'm either switching to another pill or just getting off it in general. This pill overall isn 't terrible but I do have a few complaints. It made me gain a little bit of weight, typical. But what really bothers me is the week before I 'm going to start my period I spot for about 2 days. What also bothers me is my period is now 10 days long -_-
I was previously on Microgestin FE 1/20 for close to 3 years. This worked well after a period of adjustment and never had any bad side effects, just a little weight gain. Around April/ May of last year, I went to get my refill and noticed that the packaging changed and I started getting cystic acne around my chin. I finally switched over to Sprintec around mid December. Everything was fine aside from the general nausea that went away after a few weeks. My acne flares got less frequent and MUCH smaller so that worked well after about 2 months on it. But I started to see more and more hair loss coinciding with when I started this medication and it 's gotten worse. I have decided to stop it after today. Hoping this helps!
I first started taking this when I was 18. After taking it for over a year and still not having my periods regulated I decided to get off of it. I got on it again a year and a half ago (I 'm 21 now) and I 'm still not pleased with it. If I forget to take a pill one day I 'll spot for up to a week. My periods are really light every 3 months, but they can last up to 2 weeks. I 've gained 10 lbs while being on it. I 'm just finishing up my last pack and am getting back on Yaz.
I got the implant on August 2015 and ever since then I have been bleeding non stop!  I also have a very low sex drive which makes me want to get it removed. I 've never been a moody person but I think this birth control is messing with my emotions. I know I 've only had it for going on 3 weeks now but if it doesn 't change I 'm going to have it taken out and switch to something else.
I am on my fourth week of taking Aviane and the past 3 weeks have been miserable. The first week had little side effects, but my mood swings have been getting progressively worse throughout this month. In the past week I have started noticing extreme anxiety and cramping (even though I 'm not on my period). Now that I am PMSing as well, I cannot stop eating and I feel extremely bloated all the time. Also, my breasts have enlarged but they feel as if they are covered in bruises. I am going to give this pill one more trial month, but so far it has not been good.
I have hypothyrodism... still have thyroid. I quit taking Levoxyl for about 3 months. Felt good, in fact I had energy and did not have aches and pains or brain fogs. Was on 100 mg before, recently doctor put me back on 88 mg within a few hours the aches and pains were back and swelling of joints, muscle aches I know it may take a while for the medicine to balance out but surely there must be something better for those of us who suffer with these side effects, tired of the pain and tired of being tired.
I 've been on Ocella for about two months now (and I was on it for about two years a while ago), but this time around I 'm suffering from terrible nausea.  No mood changes, lost some weight, no pimples, etc...but the nausea is ridiculous.  I 've been taking it now around 11 at night, so that I can try to sleep through it, but sometimes it will wake me up at 3 or 4, and I 'll be so sick.  Hoping that I adjust to this soon, because otherwise I really enjoy using it!
I have been taking macrobid for two days now and my UTI feels better but today I woke up with terrible back aches where my kidneys are located and pains on my front sides. I have been so sleepy also today like can 't even keep my eyes open with bad headaches.
After about 15 months on Skyla I recently discovered that I am about 2 months pregnant.
I have been on Qsymia for about 2 weeks on the low dose 3.75. I was a little nervous about taking this after reading the reviews but so far I haven 't had very many side effects. Just had problems sleeping a little other than that everything was fine. I 'm not sure if I lost anything I haven 't weighed myself yet. I start my higher dosage tomorrow and will update everyone next week.
Have only taken the product for 2 days but have felt tired. My appetite has less than usual. I an glad with the loss of appetite. But am in hope that the tiredness will diminish once I have been taking the medication for awhile.
I started 5 days ago. The first 2 days I had dizziness and serious hunger pangs. I  felt like I was more hungry than ever. The side  affects are lessening..but not 100% gone. Sadly despite diet and exercise I have not lost 1 pound. I 'll see how things go for a full 2 weeks before stopping.
I was on a very high dose (64mg/day) for two years. At first, it was wonderful. My Dr. told me it was a mood stabilizer, and for me it did just that. For a while. After a few months, I started taking naps in the day - HIGHLY abnormal to me. Then after the naps, I started to go to bed earlier, and earlier. Then one day I realized I was sleeping 17 hours out of the day! Since I followed my Dr 's intruction, and we weaned my off, my days are bright again! No naps, chores are getting done, I am not neglecting my hygeine, picking up forgotten hobbies, living, THRIVING! And absolutely no withdrawl. 
This is my second yeast infection in three weeks. This first was caused by scented soap and I had also worn a pair very tight lace underwear. Now during the first yeast infection I used the 7 day miconazole and my experience was very horrible I applied it at night and the itching was excruciating, the swelling from the infection was pretty bad during the day as well; But, I stuck with it for 7 days and it cleared up and everything was great. Then a week after the symptoms were clear it came back pretty mild and I noticed a little irritation. This time I am using Monostat 3 , I haven 't been inserting the egg but I 've been using the external cream, and there is some itching &amp; burning when applied but it isn 't too bad.
I am nearly finishing my 2nd packet and it 's made me skin flare up so badly, the worst I 've seen it in over a year! I need advice, will this get better cos I 've only just started it ?
Works great for symptoms, BUT causes sinus problems, including drainage and stuffiness.
I was given this medicine for a nasty cough I couldn 't get rid of caused by a bacterial infection plus I had a enlarged tonsil. It helped with the swelling but the side effects were something else. It does the job but I definitely could of did without the diarrhea and yeast infection.
Stoped the pain of trigeminal neuralgia. Side effects like unsteadyness, fingers twitching, sore joints, seeing aura 's, reading difficulties, speaking difficulties.
The medication did it 's job - I definitely had shorter, lighter periods. But, toward month 4/5, they actually started to disappear. Some may see this as a pro, but I personally had anxiety by it. There was no real effect on my skin good or bad, and I had some lower body weight gain (hips/butt/thighs), but pretty minimal. My gripe with this med is the effect it had an my mood. I had some weepiness when first starting, but dismissed it. Similar to other reviews, around month 5, I became easily anxious at everything, &amp; while I 'd noticed a lack of energy thru out my use, I was starting to feel depressed. I suspected it might be the cause &amp; quit  - it 's crazy how much more energy I have and more myself I feel now.
I have been prescribed gabapentin medreich only last week.  Due to having a lot of problems with tingling sensation in right foot which got so bad was unable to sleep since having spinal fusion back in March but I have to many problems since my op to many to list. However since taking these tablets 200mg 3x a day I have no energy, sleeping all the time and I have since developed pins n needles on right side of face which that had me worried as never had this before. I 'm just wonderring if anyone else has had this
Works very well to stop cravings for alcohol.  After about 6 months it made me extremely depressed - too depressed to keep taking it even though it was keeping me from drinking.  Disappointing, hence the 5 stars.  However, just 1 star for me personally because of the depression caused.
Very mild pain relief. Can 't believe it 's a Class 3 medicine. The relief is not the same as other pain relievers. Sometimes it does nothing to relieve pain. However, each person reacts differently to pain relievers. It seems I have a high tolerance level.
Been taking it for just 1 month, I had to change my other birth control because of mood swings and acne. Monosessa is better but still not perfect. My acne got better and my mood swings are better but I 'm always hungry now and weirdly enough I smell differently and I sweat more than usual. But I mean that 's better than the other birth control.
Seems to work well with not as many side effects as others narcotics
I 've  had sleep disruption for many years. I took Ambien for years, now Lunesta. Gradually reduced from 3 mg to 0 mg, with zero problems.  My mind was clearer. With new severe stress &amp; sleep disruptions again, recently went back on Lunesta. Started with 1 mg, then 2 then 3. Trouble is, now still waking up after about 4 hours, then waking and sleeping throughout the next 4 hours. I also use Belleruth Naperstacks &quot;Sleep&quot;  guided imagery CD to fall asleep and her &quot;General Wellness&quot; $ &quot;Stress and Anxiety&quot; in early morning or Jon Kabat Zinn 's &quot;Body Scan&quot; during those 4 hours when my sleep is intermittent. I 'm finding that I am sleepy and tired when I get out of bed now at 3 mg &amp; feel overly medicated, yet it isn 't working well after 4 hours.
I have chronic back pain from degenerative disc disease. I have disc herniations from L-2, L-3 down to L-5, S-1; along with spinal stenosis-different moderations depending on the disc and spinal arthritis. To answer someone 's question about how many OxyContin 80 ER pills can be prescribed per day. Legally, the answer is 4- 2 in the morning and 2 at night-which is what I receive; at one time they made 160mg OxyContin but they are no longer produced in the US.  To whomever said they were prescribed 8 of them a day- illegal or not from the US. It is an extended release medication meant to last 12 hours. I will be the first to say when they switched to the new for Formula, I didn 't feel as though they were as effective and went from 2-4.
I am so extremely disappointed. I had such high hopes because I have this somewhat irrational fear of IUDs fusing with my uterus, which in addition to my inability to remember to take the pill on time, made the nexplanon seem perfect for me. But these past three years have been horrible! I only left it in so long hoping things would even out, plus its convenient and let 's be honest, kind of cool. But the biggest effect I experienced was the complete decline of my libido. It completely vanished and my overall energy went with it. My periods have been so ridiculously erratic, too. Sometimes I won 't have it for two months and then I 'll get it three times over the course of four weeks. I definitely would not recommend this.
So my first seizure was when I was 13, I have tried many meds but this one seemed to work the best. BUT as the years have passed, my memory has been going a lot and it seems to be getting worse and worse. I took it upon myself to stop the medicine cold turkey (I 'd  been on for 5-6 years now so its NOT recommended).. and yet I haven 't had any symptoms of a seizure and my memory is starting to come back. My sister was also on it but for depression, she almost lost her eye sight because she missed 1 day of taking it. So please be careful, and do your research on each drug that you are about to go on.
I 'm giving this a 5/10, because at 75 mg daily, it did relieve headaches that were at 7/10 on a 10/10 pain scale. However, I had to go off it, due to a rare side effect, that my neurologist hadn 't even seen, called Serotonin syndrome. It 's something to watch out for. I 'm on gabapentin now for neuralgia and neuropathic pain.
I am single, and am only taking this mainly for my acne issues. I stopped taking this a year ago when i was in a bad relationship and was too depressed to take the pill regularly. After stopping, I 've had under the skin acne/bumps all the time, and has not gotten better. I caved in and am back on it. I just finished week 1 of my first pack. I wasn 't get cystic acne previously but did get one a couple days ago. hopefully this will be the only one. When I was on this in 2015, I was very depressed and no sex drive but I was also in a bad relationship so I wont put the blame on the pill just yet. I will keep you updated with my progress, wish me luck!
I have been on Losarten for 15 days. I was on Valsarten before this. The Losarten brings down my blood pressure to 120/70 range. I take a dose in the morning. About 2-3 hrs after I take it I feel upper chest, neck and ear fullness. Over the next 3-4 hrs I feel light headed and I can 't walk right. I feel fatigued. Around 4:30 to 5pm, I begin to hear and feel bounding and vibration in my ears and head. By 5pm to 6pm by blood pressure increases. The cardiologist tells me to take it at the same time everyday 12 hrs apart and I can 't.  I have to check my blood pressure first and sometimes I can 't take it in the morning because my blood pressure is too low 90/60 and sometimes I can 't wait the full 12 hrs to take it in the evening. Hair loss nausea
I 'm so very glad I looked at this page.  I should have looked before I took this one day treatment.  I 've had plenty of yeast infections over my 44 years of life and I know the other 3-7 day cream burns and itches so I thought one day of that would be easier. I. Was. Wrong. I put the one day pre filled dose in at 11pm, went to bed, and thought it 'd be ok.  At three am I woke up swollen shut.  Spasms and burning don 't even begin to describe it.  Just ouch!!! So I looked at this online and saw the comment about taking Benadryl for a reaction.  I thought, it can 't hurt.  I soaked in a bath for five minutes because, seriously, I was so swollen and sore down there. Like after giving birth sore.  The YI is gone.  Take Benadryl.
I went from having to go to the bathroom 5 or 6 times in one night to just once BUT, I had severe shortness of breath. Had to quit taking it.
I had the implant fitted on June 15th 2015, my first period arrived on September 12th and ended on September 20th, my second period arrived on December 12th and ended on December 20th. I had the implant removed on January 4th 2016. Previously I had been taking the Mini Pill for 5 years. Pros of the Implant (for me): No more mood swings, weight loss (5 pounds), regular and light periods. Cons of the Implant (for me): Acne (mild, but several forms, including cystic to my cheeks, chin and around my mouth), fatigue, hair thinning (but stopped at the 3 month mark), constantly sore (but not swollen) breasts, light cramping (daily). Final words: If it was not for the Acne I would have kept the Implant.
Decided to try NV because the pill was inconvenient. Thought, it is the lowest level of hormones available, it is of local action- so should be few side effects due to minimal systemic absorption. Wrong. I felt moody the whole entire time. And in my mind I knew it wasn 't my typical disposition, but it was so overpowering, I just couldn 't help it. In addition, I felt itchy all over my legs. I was constantly scratching. There were no hives or ingrown hairs, and I didn 't change anything else in terms of my activities/diet/medicines. I felt tired all day long, every day. And the worst thing was this terrible rash on my forehead that looked like tiny acne. That was the last drop before I pulled it out.
Omg never taken this again gi  doctor told me take along with Merlex and so took 2 tabs with Merlex two days in row today had worst burning in  my stomach hurt burn and feeling nauseated omg am like am work ugh.. then  had bad bm at work the 2 more bm 's at home never again.
I have been on the Microgestin 1/20 pill for about a year now. I am 19 years old. This is the first and only birth control I have tried. From the start of the pills I never had any symptoms of sickness, acne or mood swings. My period always comes 2 days after I take the last pill of the pack on the dot. Very regular. I used to get very heavy periods with absolute horrible cramps and with the pill I got my period very lightly for only 3 days with no cramps. The only downfall is that I gained about 15 pounds on the pill in one year. I have been the same weight for years and within the past year, I noticed a lot of weight gain even with being conscious of what I eat. I am thinking about trying something else due to the weight gain.
I 've had insomnia for years and used only natural remedies to cope.  Eventually none of the things  worked, so I went to a sleep disorder clinic.  The doctor gave me free samples of Belsomra 10, 15 &amp; 20 mg.  I started by cutting all the pills in half and taking only 5 mg.- that worked for a couple of nights only.  I then had to up the dose to 7.5 mg (by combining the cut pills).  After a few nights of each dosage, I have to up the dose.  I don 't use Belsomra every night because it doesn 't work consistently.  I still mix up the nights with a Melatonin spray.  Although I get a decent sleep with the Belsomra (when it works), the next day I have a heavy head, like brain fog.  I won 't be paying for this when my free samples run out.
I think the Viibryd is helping as I switched from 20 mg Lexapro to 10 mg Vibryd. The only thing I 'm experiencing is brain zaps, or dizziness, don 't really know how to put it. Only been on it for 9 days, hope it works been on so many with side effect of zero sexual function. 
Hot flashes were relieved; however I suddenly (never before experienced) a migraine with some nausea after 2 months on this medicine.  I used ES Tylenol and felt better in 3 hours.  Since this is the only medication I was taking and my overall health is very good, I decided to reduce the dosage by taking the medication every other day.  The hot flashes were still relieved and this half dosage was for one month.  Last week I suffered another migraine and vomiting and was under the weather for an entire day.  I have decided to go off the medication completely.
Caused severe heartburn!
I have had the implanon for about 9 months. First 3 months were okay, the following 3 months started experiencing very extreme migraines (which I already had an issue with prior to insertion) mood swings very drastic mood swings, no energy to much, always tired and no desire to do anything. At about 6 months I started feeling really depressed, lonely, unwanted (I have 2 kids and a very caring fianc
It does take away the muscle spasm but leaves a headache! Not sure if it is worth the pain of the spasms or the pain of the headaches!
I am experiencing significant pain/aching in my lower back from this drug.
I have had 2 other colonoscopies using other preps. By far, SUPREP has been the most thorough, but also the most difficult for me to ingest. I am not easily nauseated, so that was not a problem. But, I can see why someone could become quite queasy because of the taste. It has an overpowering cherry taste. I 'm hoping that the next time I need to take it they will have a lesser cherry taste or, better yet, a completely different flavor...again, not so strong.
I have been on this pill for about 6 months now. The first 3 months I was sick for the first week of every pack. The first month I had my period 2 weeks early and skipped the second month completely. Since then I 've had my period regularly. It has become very light and only last about 3 days. I experience slight cramps the first day of my cycle. Sex drive decreased the first 2 months but is normal now. I had horrible mood swings but they are settling down now. Overall, the medicine has not been too bad. A lighter period is great plus I 'm being protected. But I have heard of people having missed periods. I am currently having my 2nd missed period since starting. We use a condom too but I 'm still scared. 
Was in pain and discomfort from not passing a stool for 3 days due to co-codamol usage. Usually go very frequently and was feeling really blocked up and annoyed. I bought this drug from a local supermarket, have never tried before. Ate dinner. 4 hours after ingesting felt the need to go, had solid bowel movement at first that must have been stuck in me, followed by half a tonne of diarrhoea. By God this is powerful stuff. I took 20mg though as I wanted quick relief and didn 't want to wait till the morning. Use with caution, I got excruciating cramps whilst the poo was coming through me on the toilet.  Works like a treat though, clears you out.
I got this birth control back in September and it left bruising for a while but that went away. I got my October period and I 'm still bleeding and everytime me and my boyfriend have sex, it seems like it will get heavier. I also am starting to break out more than usual. After reading reviews I 'm going to wait a few more weeks and hope the bleeding stops. But as for the pregnancy part, me and my boyfriend have unprotected sex alot and no babies - sex drive has not decreased one bit.
I have only been on latuda for a short period of time so far. I don 't like that I 've been twitching, I get so tired from latuda that I can 't wake up the next day for hours (which is bad when you work) and also I have been unable to think about past memories that are sad. Idk how to explain it but I used to be able to think about my past sad memories and be upset and now on latuda, It feels I am unable to really hold on to the memory and think about it at all. Its like the drug doesn 't let me get upset. I also have trouble thinking about things and analyzing them now.
I have been on Arimidex for 4 years.  Side effects I have had are severe hot flashes, and  ever increasing joint pain. I am considering going off the medication entirely, even though it has not been the full five years yet, or switching to a different medicine.  
I noticed that a side effect or roxicodone is body aches and pains.  The reason I am taking it is because of chronic, severe body aches and pains, especially in my lower back and legs.  Is the remedy causing the problem?  I guess I will never know because my insurance company will not pre-authorize an MRI.
I have been taking this birth control for 2 weeks now. My pharmacy switched to this last month. It makes my appetite go through the roof which I want since I would like to gain weight. My last birth control made me gain 20 pounds. But with Lillow, I am literally starving at night and even wake up at like 4 in the morning still starving, and then during the day, I can barely eat. I mean I can pig out on chips all day but I can barely eat real food.
I started this medicine in August, so I haven 't really been on it for long.. But, I did notice it regulated my periods. I had VERY irregular periods, which is why I am on birth control. I mean my periods were very light and lasted 2 weeks! And I feel like it made my cramping worse.
My doc switched me to it because we 're trying to get pregnant, which is a positive thing about the drug. Negative: extreme thirst and facial tics. I was on 3 pills per day and couldn 't tolerate the severity of these two side effects so my doc cut me back to 2 pills, which of course isn 't as effective but my BP is lower than it would be if I wasn 't taking it.
I 've been on the depo two times now. The first time started in 2012 and I took it for 2 years. I had no problems at all with it. Then in February 2015 I decided to get back on it and the first shot went good until towards the end of it and I started spotting. Didn 't think to much of it since I had been off it for a few months I thought it was just normal. Got my second shot in may. It has been a terrible experience. I 've bled literally the whole 3 months. Me and my boyfriend can 't have sex because that just makes it worse. My sex drive has plummeted. I 'm due for another shot sometime this month. Not gonna get it. I actually have a dr. Appt tomorrow regarding the bleeding. I Don 't recommend! No one should have to go thru this!
My doctor gave me 75mg of Nucynta every 6 hours for a second degree burn I got on my arm at work. I have an intolerance to pain killers and get sick off any kind I take with Nucynta. I did feel nausea but did not vomit which is a first for me, however the grogginess of this medication was still affecting me when I woke up for work 8 hours after my dose. It 's a give or take game I suppose.
With this product I experience breast tenderness, drowsiness, headaches, and for the first month I was constantly nauseous. It has prevented pregnancy thus far though.
I have only been on the pill for a month and 2wks, which isn&rsquo;t enough time to have a accurate opinion but I&rsquo;m going to share anyways. The 1st month I started the first day of my period and it stopped it completely, 4 days later I had brown discharge that eventually turned into a full on bleed. I bled for about 12 days and experienced some of the worst cramps ever! My periods are usually awful, the only thing that made these better was that it wasn&rsquo;t a constant awfulness. When it stopped everything was great no acne no anything, I got my period the same month on the last white pill and it ended on the last brown pill. 2 of those days were semi-heavy but very tolerable. 8 days into my second pack I started breaking out on my forehead &amp;chin.
Been on this for about 3 months now.  At first it was great in keeping me focused on tasks at work and at home but it is starting to not be as effective I feel.  My dr. prescribed me the 18.8mg variety based on my weight and also because I am a gastric bypass patient as I digest and absorb things differently which is why we didn 't go the more known route of adderall.  As I 've taken this medication, especially over the last month I 've noticed I have more anxiety, and I 'm not my normal happy go lucky self.  I have a follow up in April with my doc and will address these issues then to see what other game plan we can come up with.  I 've heard from a friend that also had gastric bypass that she takes vyvanse
Use flushable wipes EVERY TIME and it will be 95% Better. Using TP is burning,terrible build up! Happy Trails!
I first started Implanon in 2008. It 's highly effective and at the time my periods were light and short. I kept it for all three years and had it removed about after a month it was due. The tech had to wiggle and tug a bit but overall it was not that bad. I asked to receive another Implanon in the same arm. I am now a year into my new Implanon and a few issues have come forth. About three times now, I have had my period for an entire month. The amount of bleeding changes throughout the month and my irritated state is affecting my relationship. I knew I cried more while on my period but crying and biting peoples heads off the whole month sucks. So it could either be a good or bad experience depending on the person.
I use ultram/Tramadol 50 mg for breakthrough pain usually. Normally in that capacity they work okay. Prefer them to having to use a second opioid that makes me drowsy or more constipated. Right now it has become my only pain med, and taking max dose of 150/8 hrs is a joke. If you have real pain long term I find a common opinion among chronic pain sufferers that this is true.
I am on 700mg every day, my dose is always increasing. It doesn 't knock me out anymore. I took 700mg a couple hours ago and I 'm still wide awake. Each time my dose goes up I 'm stable for a week or two but then I start to go crazy again pretty quick.
I got Nexplanon inserted on 4/4/14. I 've had it for a little over four months now &amp; have experienced minimal problems. However, I get migraine headaches that last the entire day, I 'm very moody/emotional, it made depression so much worse, the implant site hurts all the time, I bleed whenever I get aroused, and I hate having the rod inside me. Those are however somewhat manageable side effects, but because I 'm sure I could find something better I 'm getting it removed in 2 days.
Was great for first day or so but then struck by horrible side effects. Cramps in my legs so bad I could hardly walk and literally didn 't get a wink of sleep at night due to the pain and restless legs. Blurred vision and very bad nausea also. Would advise a low dose at first to see how it goes but beware of side effects.
I am a 51 year old female. In January 2008 I had a light period that lasted for 4 days and then stopped. Five days later I started bleeding again. I had such a heavy flow with clotting that I had to change every 2 hours. After the 14th day, I began to get very weak. My mother convinced me that this was not normal and to see a gynecologist. On day 16 of this heavy bleeding I went to the gynecologist. She told me I was going through menopause and prescribed Provera. On the next day, I was to take 20mg for 10 days. After 2 days, I stopped bleeding. On day 12 my doctor told me I needed to do this for the next 3 months and each month would get better and it would help me through menopause. I do not feel good at all when I take the Provera.
18 year old female and have been on it for 5 months. Just recently quit taking it and had horrid withdrawal symptoms. I don 't recommend quitting cold turkey. Talk to the doctor and formulate a titration schedule to wean yourself off. Worked to help lessen my depression, though I am not sure it helped as much as Prozac did.
I got the implant on March 3. I had finished my regular period, and have had very light spotting since then. It 's light enough I still have sex with it, but it 's annoying. At first, I was really dark and black, but now it is fresh blood. It is hard to tell if it is my period or just blood from having sex though. Hopefully it lightens up soon, my doctor said all side effects should go away by the 3 month mark. Other than the spotting, though, I haven 't had any side effects other than the bleeding, so I hope I 'm one of the lucky ones.
First time I took it at 10 mg, was nauseated and vomited within 15 min.  I then had to come off Effexor then start again with ginger.  I can keep it down, but a bit of nausea.  Frankly, I 'd rather be depressed than nauseated
This may be premature I 've only been on it for a week, but I have been super moody. Irritable, cried 3x in past week and have developed a lot of pimples on my forehead and nose. I usually never break out only when on my period and not as much as this. I also am highly anxious...I 'm an anxious person to begin with but with the pill for this week I 've been near panic attack a lot and that hasn 't happened in a decade. I 'mHoping my body gets used to the pill and these awful side effects will go away. Will update after the month
Provided under hospitalization. The drug should be used cautiously. Diabetics have to be very careful. Even a simple prick for a routine blood sugar test my yield more blood than usual. The drug is effective for decreasing heat murmur. 
I have been on acamprosate for a few days to prevent a relapse. I don 't get cravings, but after being on this, I don 't get cravings for anything. I have lost all interest in everything and have no motivation. I am tired, nauseous and dizzy and have no desire to do absolutely anything. Please tell me this goes away.
I took the shot for 6 months, I had issues that I could tolerate.  Such as vision change, the injection would shot pain a crossed my lower back. Well it 's been 8 months since I had a shot took me 2 months before my period returned. I recently started experiencing pain in my belly button, vision was getting worse, mood swings, the end of April period was bad then 2 weeks later had another one. I was ready to have everthing removed, I had gave up hope of having a baby... So out of the blue I missed my period and now I 'm 5 weeks  PREGNANT! !!!!!!! I wish everyone good Luck and hang in there!!!!
It seemed to help but I have lost all sense of taste and smell. If I had known this was a possibility, I would not have taken this medication. Not happy.
I took Champix after 9 months of trying to break my 40-a-day, 22 year addiction with nicotine.  I started taking it on Christmas Day 2015 and had my last cigarette on Jan 6th (day 12 of the course).  I had to stop taking champix on day 16 because the depression and constant crying was driving me almost to the point of smoking....  Have been left with will power alone, and annoyingly have no reference now as to time for cravings to disappear etc as I 'm not sure what the effect of champix is in that respect.However if I have to start again with this quit attempt, I would love to try Champix again.
I 've been on methadone linctus for 27 years now. The dose has varied as the roundabout of doctors &amp; care workers has come and gone from 50ml [1mg to 1 ml] right up to 140ml. It for me ha sbeen a chemical ball and chain holding me to a chemist and a doctor. It rots your mind and body away slowly. I wish they had just given me pharmaceutical heroin and be done with i. Methadone in my opinion is the most vile drug. use subutex always. I am too old now and it wasn 't about when I started to take it from one who knows. Subutex is the way to go
At first I loved the patch, but quickly I became unhappy. The patch falls off at least once a month. I follow the instructions and put it in a place with no hair, and wash well with mild soap to remove and oil on my skin. This patch has me my face break out terribly along with my back. It has made my anxiety and depression worse! It will fall off because my skin is oily, and my insurance won 't pay for extra patches. I started the patch to control when I get my period. I have my wedding coming up and I don 't want any surprises with my period or pregnancy. However on my second or third patch change I ALWAYS get my period. I literally take the old one off after I have put my new one on. I 'm very unhappy.
I had Encephalitis with Grand Mal Seizures at age 6. I took Librium (green and yellow capsules) on and off for years whenever the headaches got really bad. My Mom would always ask me if I needed one of my headache pills. Perhaps this isn 't what this medicine is meant for but for me it worked.
Just switched over to Wellbutrin and so far, so good. I had been on Zoloft for a year, following a diagnosis of depression. Zoloft was just awful for me. The entire time I was on it, I battled chronic fatigue, no libido whatsoever, some memory loss, nerve problems, vertigo...you name it. And on top of all of that I completely stopped working out and put on 30lbs in 10 months.Feel like I am back on the road to being me on Wellbutrin. 150mg XL seems to work for me.Thank God- I was prepared to swear off any and all antidepressants if this didn 't work.Also, I haven 't drank alcohol for going on 10 years, so if you 're sober that eliminates one of the big drawbacks for a lot of people.
So far, no problems except a sore throught. It 's only been 4 days I 'll update later as I 'm expecting good things from what I 've read
Worried after reading reviews but test positive for h pylori and have stomach issues all summer. I 'm taking it am and pm but a probiotic with lunch and some yogurt. I 'm also using probiotic at night vaginally to combat the yeast. I will update after day 7.
I just started this pill last week. (Mmy sister started Loestrin last week and she 's been spotting ever since). I like the pill a lot because I have not experienced any side effects at all, until my fiancee talked to me tonight about my mood swings.  We always get along and this week I have been angry and I am not as patient of a person.  He alluded this to my birth control and now that I 've been thinking about it he is totally right.  I am going to give it a few more weeks but might have to switch, along with these anger issues I also have absolutely no sex drive but otherwise this is a great bill control pill.
I was going through very intense life issues that caused major anxiety and depression. I went on citalopram and it worked well for a while.  Eventually I was taking 40mg until that starting making me angry and manic. So I lowered to 20mg. Things have been going so well lately that I finally feel I am ready to get off ad. I cut my dose to 10mg and honestly felt amazing! So happy. So alive. So energetic. I stayed at 10mg for 2 weeks then cut it to 5 mgs. At first I was ok. But its been 11 days since I cut to 5mg and I honestly have been having a terrible time. Incredible amounts of anxiety, jittery, extremely agitated at the smallest things. I am trying to stay at 5mg and just push through it.
I have only been on this medication (5mg) for a few days.  If it were not for the reviews I would feel like I am losing my mind.  So far I 've been nauseous, moody, and yawning alot.  Although there are headaches they are not as frequent, however I have been experiencing diarrhea several times of day, loss of appetite, and fatigue.  I was really struggling with anxiety and hesitant to try these pills, but will continue to hang in there for now.  I hope they work.  Thanks for sharing your experiences.
Over the past two years I have used the patch 6 times. Well after my most recent experience I am going to resort to Dramanine again.  Like others commenting here, I had many more side affects after using the patch on both ends of my trip.  Dizziness, tired and vision issues.  But my tipping point occurred 12 hours after applying this last patch.  My 3 hour flight was great. No problems.  I arrived home very late, slept for 3 hours and woke with the urge to pee 6 different times in 20 minutes.  There was blood in my urine.  And painful cramping.  THEN remembered to remove the patch.  I slept with no more symptoms and felt fine. 
I took Latuda for about 5 months. First two weeks at 20mg - worked fine. Thought clearer, overall better mood. Two weeks later I was bumped up to 40mg - problems ensued. Severe restlessness (akathisia). Was then bumped up to 80mg, then 120, then down to 100... the akathisia became more unbearable at every dose. That, and my brain started feeling overly stimulated and my body gained this sense of underlying fear. Plus, I gained TERRIBLE anxiety. I can verify the anxiety stemmed from the Latuda because I forgot to take my meds one night and it was gone by the following morning. I 'm giving Latuda a 6 because I know how it felt when it worked properly and I know it benefits many. Unfortunately, things just didn 't work out for me big picture.
I 've been taking Phentermine 15mg twice a day for about a week now and have lost about 7 lbs so far. I do feel the dry mouth, a bit of the jitters, feel like I don 't have a full night 's rest. The oddest sensation has been anxiety while driving. I didn 't see anyone report such a feeling but I 've never had any issues behind the wheel ever before. I would like to continue on my goal and will give it another week or so. If anyone has had this occur to them before please share. Good luck to everyone.
I liked that I had no drowsiness on the medication it only helped with mild back spasms not moderate or severe spasms. I loved that it did help with Gastro intestinal spasms and diarrhea  due to Crohns disease
My  prescription was for 24 MCG twice a day. I never tried it two times in one day BC out is so unpredictable. After a few hours (or more), it gives me severe diarrhea lasting at least an hour. So I normally take it late at night so it works by the morning.
I 've had the NuvaRing in now for over a year, maybe almost 3 years now. Pros: not remembering to take a pill every day, minimal acne(I 've never had serious acne although), and  light periods Cons: will poke out and this is painful!, while having sex with it in is sometimes painful. I 'm bloated all the time! I eat a health diet exercise at least 3 times a week, and I was not bloated like this until the Nuvaring. Overall I would not recommend this, because I feel the cons weigh out the pros.
Since this is a common side effect I am going to ask my provider about it. I am experiencing a lot of breast tenderness. It started pretty much after being on this one or two days. I am a week in and it 's rather painful. They feel somewhat swollen.
I wish i was told what would happen!!!The wonder drug. No depression. Little anxiety. Seemed like my problems were fixed with one little wonder pill. 50mg pristiq a day...Its been 8 months and i barely feel anything. This is no way to live life. Sure, im not as suisidal, not as anxious, not as depressed and im not flipping my lid every other day but i am numb, bored, barely characteristic, i dont find joy often nor do i care to create it. This is no quick fix!!Also, in that 8 months i have gone from 57kg to 66kg. Not a welcomed weight gain! Sex life is shit, affecting my relationship as my needs and wants have changed to nearly not caring wether i have it or not.But the worst part, IS MISSING A DOSE! I cant funtion without it..
Celexa has definitely helped me get back to my normal self but I 've only been taking it a week (started with 10mg for a few days and now I 'm at 20mg) and it has completely taken away my appetite. I have thrown up every day sometimes multiple times a day but I feel great otherwise. Happiness comes a lot easier so I 'll deal with the excessive vomiting for a while since I need to lose some weight anyway.
I have been on Alesse for 5 months now, and at the beginning it seemed to work effectively - regulating my periods, preventing pregnancy, as well as partially helping my acne. Although by the 3rd month I started getting my period before the placebo pills, and it became irregular again coming any time throughout the month... I 'm now switching to a different pill, but all in all the pill was ok when it was working. Although my periods were irregular it still prevented pregnancy so thats great. Only thing is that I gained around 5 lbs, and it didn 't help with cramps or lightening my period which is one of the reasons I went on it in the first place.
Got the birth control inserted in November of 2013 I had very badddd cramps the next month for 4 days afterwards no cramping or bleeding! Once my year mark came along I 've been experiencing on &amp; off spotting.. Now coming up on my 2 year mark I 've been bleeding &amp; cramping heavy. Trying to convince myself that I wait it out another year but the way things are looking I may get it removed.
Lunesta gave me the metallic taste and i only slept a few hours. Ambien gave me nightmares. I am now on an old one called Halcion but I never sleep through the night. Help needed or suggestions of something that might work without that awful taste the next day.
Pros: Symptoms started to noticeably decrease after about 3-4 days. Cons: Very pricey even with insurance and discount card and uncomfortable to use suppository during a bad flare-upSide effects: a few small headaches and severe stomach pains (had to stop using it). On a scale 1-10 stomach pains ranged between a 5-8.
So, I 've had several yeast infections in my life and I have always used Monistat 3 ovules with NO side effects or issues. My husband picked my up some monistat while I was at work and instead of ovules he got the cream filled applicators. OMG!! The cream filled applications BURN!!!! Never again will I not buy the ovules. The second the cream hit it felt like liquid fire being poured into my vagina. Please, don 't buy the cream. Stick with the ovules.
Hello!  Today is Nov. 13, 2016 I am a 5 '4&quot; female and weighed 172lbs when I started Phentermine 37.5mg/day (tablets) on Oct. 18, 2016.  The first 7-10 days I could tell when the medication &quot;kicked in&quot;, I had a little &quot;rush&quot; of energy and slight hand trembling.  Those have disappeared but my mouth stays dry (using Biotine). I have not lost any weight, and I confess I haven 't exercised much, but my appetite has not decreased either.  I 'm going back for my 1 month weigh in this week. I 'll keep reading and posting--this forum is encouraging!  Wish I had discovered it before now!!
Switched from BCPs because of terrible side effects. It 's been 6 weeks, and so far I 've experienced a good amount of pain, bloating, headaches and possible weight gain. I 've noticed my body chemistry change in other ways, too. My second period came only 2.5 weeks after the first ended. First was 9 days long, too. Doctor has advised to tough it out at least 6 months. Trying to resolve coverage with insurance co. Law Center for Women a great resource.
I got Nexplanon inserted 4 weeks after having my child (mid August) so I 've only been on it for 2 months but I 'm not sure how much longer I can take. After having my son I was loosing weight like crazy! I was and still am breastfeeding as well. I gained 25 pounds during my pregnancy and had lost 45 pounds by 4 weeks postpartum. I have now gained 15 pounds since starting Nexplanon. I don 't feel as though it has had any effect on my emotions other than my sex drive is lacking, but that could also be from the breast feeding. I also bleed every day the first month after insertion and am constantly feeling bloated. If I gain anymore weight I 'll probably be calling to get it removed.
I don 't think it 's the worst but it 's not the best. I 've been on it for about 8 months now, but I think it 's time to try something new.  I have had crazy mood swings, very little energy, despite my best efforts, unable to loose weight (it just keeps packing on and I use to not be able to gain weight even if I tried).  The worst part is the severe lowering of sex drive.  I 've been on it since my husband and I were married and I didn 't even fully understand what I was missing until I missed it for a few days and it was like a huge burden lifted. I felt so much better.
I used implanon right after first child only for about a year was very fat got it removed lost the weight but no other side effects. After second child got it again only this time I have terrible migraine headaches, mood swings and weight gain, I have tried losing weight and  eating healthy and I do lose the weight but it has to be a strict diet and exercise routine or else my weight will just come right back I also get my period about 2-3 time a month! For me this is definitely not worth it. Getting it removed asap
Just started my 2nd month. The 1st week and a half I had light bleeding everyday. Then the next week, my nipples were so sore. Now, this past week I 've had on and off light bleeding and cramps during the last week of pills. I have no side effects emotionally, which is great, because everything else makes me go crazy. But, I have noticed a little weight gain and craving food all the time, and I jog 3 to 4 times a week. I am 24, no pregnancies ever. I 'm not sure about this pill yet. I 'll give it another month and see how it goes. I don 't even want to be on birth control, but my cramping and periods are so terrible without it.
Late 20s, no children. Worked great as far as birth control. Sklya insertion was extremely painful. I spotted on and off for about a month. My period decreased however my cramps increased times 10. It has been 5 months and I was in a lot of pain. I previously would only have cramps on the day my cycle started but now it was the entire week leading up to it. I gave it till this long thinking my body would adjust. Just went to the doctor and she stated that it was still placed correctly but it was not as high up as it should be. I decided to have it removed. I felt an immediate relief! As if my body did not want that thing in there. Switching back to Nuva Ring.
I have had the implant since February of this year. Despite the decent prevention, it has hindered my sex drive greatly. I have also gained weight. I was never able to do that before on any type of bc. I went from 163 to 189 pounds. This actually bothers me.  Since I didn 't change anything in what I do or eat. If I keep gaining like this I may have it removed at the one year.
I am a long term ultram user (maybe 5 or 6 years). I have osteoarthritis. Now I feel like I am taking the medicine just to get rid of the headache and runny nose that I get when I do NOT take it. I am trying to STOP taking it and maybe switch to arthritis strength tylenol. At least I won 't have a headache and a runny nose. I think it addressed my pain very well some years ago but now it 's not working because I still have arthritis pain.
I just started Nucynta ER I took the first dose at bedtime could not sleep the entire night, had some upset stomach, that 's the bad side, I have 3 damaged disc in my neck and 3 damaged disc in my lower back, so I have a great amount of pain but from the first dose pain didn 't stop completely but was greatly improved I don 't know if this medication helps with anxiety but it gave me a sense of calm, didn 't sleep but felt very relaxed, my cost after insurance and a coupon was only 25.00.
I have been on lortab and oxycontin since I had spinal surgery in 07 just had spinal cord stimulator implanted in me in feb of 2010 lortab helps when the oxycontin starts to wear down about five hours.Sometime it gets to the point where nothing seems to work hoping to change to something stronger and no constipation any ideas.
I have osteoarthritis, some days the pain in ALL my joints is very bad.  I have taken Solumedrol several times and have relief (not stopping the pain) for a few months, but I need it again.
I 've been on the patch for about 2 years now. I honestly love it. Only issue I have been noticing lately is acne. I have never had acne issues up until now and I 'm 21. Have any of you ladies had acne issues while on this patch and if so what did you do? Any tips would help because this makes me sad. :( but other then that it 's easy going.
I just started Zirgan today for my 16 month son. Very frustrating that he was on viroptic for 3 weeks and steroid eye drop for 1 week but the infection came back. Hopefully this new drug will work, I don 't want him to lose his vision. His been fighting this for over 1 month now. First time we find out we took him to the hospital he stayed there for 1 week with IV medications. His eyes is swollen,  red, very sensitive to light with watery discharge. I got a free sample from my doctor but seems that won 't last long, even though I got the drop on his eyes was very difficult  to come out for been a gel and he is a baby keep moving what makes difficult to get the drop in without squeezing too much.
I was put onto Apri because I had horrible cramps and long heavy periods. I took it for about six months, and around the 5 month mark, my longtime boyfriend and I broke up. He told me it was because I was &quot;too emotional&quot; and stressed him out. He was right, before Apri I was always happy and relaxed, but on it. I would lie in bed at night and cry sometimes for no reason at all. I had constant fatigue, frequent headaches, mood-swings, moodiness, and felt depressed a lot of the time. After a conversation with my boyfriend, I realized that we began to argue about the time I got onto Apri. I went to my doctor and told her this and she told me that this was because its high levels of progesterone. I switched and am much better now without Apri.
I have been on Amitriptyline HCL 25 mg at bedtime for less than one week and wake up groggy for about 20 minutes. I fall asleep but will wake up at least twice during the night but I will fall back to sleep. And talk about the vivid and wild dreams which I have never experienced before! I think I am very sensitive to this type of medicine.
At first I loved this birth control. I used to have a heavy period, with loads of cramps. Then I got on this and had no cramps and very little bleeding. The only downfall of this was after a week or two on it my breakouts became very bad. I have really sensitive skin so this could be because of that. But also, I 've read other reviews and acne was a side effect of this specific type.
I am finishing my second month on this pill and am switching to a new pill. The major issues I had while taking this pill was terrible stomachaches, and extremely heavy breakthrough bleeding; however I did not experience mood swings, weight gain, or any other adverse effects.
I switched to the NuvaRing from the pill several months ago. Plus side is no more having to remember to take the pill everyday. The pill gave me bad body acne and cystic acne which NuvaRing cleared up. However, the NuvaRing gives me crazy mood swings every month like clockwork. My poor boyfriend will do something and I snap and can 't control my anger. I feel like it 's the end of the world and cry excessively. I think this is the end of hormonal birth control for me. Would not recommend if the pill or another hormonal BC did not work with your hormones. Also, the pill and the NuvaRing give me horrible canker sores that I have to take prescription medicine for. Going to try the copper IUD next. Hope this helps anyone in their BC quest :)
Great birth control.... because I 'm bleeding all the time we never get it on!!! 2 years now and it 's still the same! How can someone bleed for 2 years?? Probably get the odd 2 days then say to him it 's go go go lol, I 'm not getting again he can have snip! Haha
Taking 25mg right now and was on adderall XR 30mg.  I don 't understand this medicine since it usually makes me tired and down for about 2-3 hours after taking it then get an okay amount of focus for another 6-8 hours.  I personally can 't deal with those 3 hours everyday when I need to be productive so I will try something else. This drug may be very similar to the chemicals in adderall but it definitely does not feel like it.
I was prescribed Zoloft by my doctor to treat my depression/anxiety (small, 25mg dosage) and after about 4 days in I am experiencing all of the mild side effects including; insomnia, lack of appetite/motivation, foggy head, achiness and exhaustion. I 'm 19 and around 125lb, was just wondering if anyone experienced anything similar? *aka is this normal and does it get better*(Note- it is more of a grieving depression due to the death of a parent. I believe my DR. said I 'm going through some transition dilemma, so a low dosage is all I need)
I am on the third day of a seven day regime.  I have experienced dizziness and nausea daily after my morning dose though it seems to be less intense after the evening dose. 
Cleared up the infection pretty fast but - 3rd day in and really faint, shakes and fast heart rate. Definitely not a good reaction to this.
Buspar was okay at first. I felt more relaxed and less tense. But I 've had high blood pressure and headaches almost every day on this.Dr is taking me off and going to try something else.
I have been using this cream on the front of my ear for a week. There is swelling itching crusting and so much oozing it will drip down my face. Around day 5 I started feeling tired and weak. Then day 6 and 7 I have felt like I have the flu..I feel awful. Lymph nodes seem swollen and throat is sore.  My lower back hurt as well one day but not everyday. I was worried the fluid dripped down into my ear canal. My doctor told me to stop using it and come back to see him in 3 wks..
I am currently on 225mg and soon to be bumped up to 300mg, it worked for while but at this time and point I don 't feel it is doing as much for me, I don 't know why but I feel as if I have built an immunity to it, but this could just be me being crazy Ol me
I am 20 years old and I just started the rivaroxiban 2 weeks, after they found a clot in my arm ! I 'm on 20mg twice a day for 3 weeks and then 15mg for 3 months. I find I am really tired all the time and I do get a good bit of sleep at night too ! I never usually got headaches before but now I find around a hour after taking the pill I get a headache ! Just wondering is this due to the pill or am I just overthinking it !
I 've used this medicine for over a year now and I 've had it adjusted only one other time. Though, when I 've had my blood work done after the adjustment the doctor says that I am in the &quot;normal&quot; range. But from my own experience it doesn 't &quot;cure&quot; all of the symptoms. I still have hair loss, insomnia and some of the other symptoms that occurs when you have a under active thyroid. But despite what my doctor says, I 'm hoping to see a endocrinologist about it.
I 've had off and on severe heartburn with this. I 've tried it with and without food, with a full glass of water and with just a little water. Sometimes it 's fine and helps relax my bowels, but the heartburn feels like I swallowed a piece of glass when I get it. This really limits its effectiveness for me because I don 't want to risk the heartburn, so I take it less. I take Nexium too, but it doesn 't help with Dicyclomine heartburn...
I have been using Wellbutrin 150 mg for a week. The notices that I have seen is increasing my energy but nothing really with my depression. I am going to try about a month if doesn 't work I am going to stop using anti depression.
I don 't know whether to hate or like this bc. I got it September 2016 and the first 2 weeks were fine then I began bleeding and had been ever since. But I will say from October until late January it was little to no bleeding. THEN February came and that whole month almost was just heavy blood flow nonstop. Good news is this last week and a half I haven 't bleed, let 's see how far this lasts. Another thing is I have mood swings that happen every month where I 'm either depressed or always angry or both and it happens like one week.
Had my infusion yesterday. I drank a few glasses of water in the morning and took an ibuprofen during the treatment. I had expected the  '3 days of flu like symptoms ' and even scheduled sick time to be prepared. Zero side-effects, no aches or pains, nothing...but still taking the time off so I can have fun.My stats: 50, 100#, just finished 2-years of Forteo, I take 1200mg Calcium a day plus a RX Vitamin D each month.
I was diagnosed with Fibromyalgia in April 2011. I started taking Lyrica beginning with a starter pack for one month by taking 75MG once a day for week 1. Week 2 and 3 increase 75MG twice a day. Week 4 was the starting point of what was going to be my prescription of 150MG twice a day. It seemed to give some relief but I honestly had more bad days than good. My doctor decided to try me with a drug called Namenda (used for Alzheimers) along with the Lyrica. It helped a little. Swelling, depression and severe weight gain has been a side effect. Cymbalta was then added for depression and pain. I still feel less energetic BUT not so depressed. 29lbs was gained within 3 months. 
I 'm from the UK &amp; have tried numerous forms of contraception such as the mini pill and the depot injection but always seemed to forget the pill. I had my implant inserted in January 2016 and up until recently I thought it was great. For the past few months My sex drive is 0. I have had three periods in the space of 4 weeks which vary between heavy and continuous spotting. I often feel bloated and lack energy, I get home from work and just want to curl up in bed with a hot water bottle on my back to ease the pain. I 've had no weight gain but do eat a lot. This method of contraception of good for preventing pregnancy but be aware of the symptoms linked to it as they often weigh out the positives.
I have been having recurring urinary tract infection and was put on Cipro....not working also bladder feels like it 's not emptying.
Saw a PA for sinus infection secondary to bronchitis and acute asthma. Prescribed Levaquin daily for 10 days.  After the 2nd day on it I noticed severe right shoulder pain and mild left shoulder pain.  I did not make the connection until day 7.  I called my pharmacist and was told to stop taking medication.  That was 6 days ago.  I now also have pain in my right bicep. I had just finished a course of steroids for my asthma which may have made me at increase risk for this side effect. Good news is my sinus infection is gone.  Public needs more info on side effects of medication.i
Originally I had no side effects on Daliresp and noticed better breathing, but after two months I noticed a moderate tremor.  PCP put me on primidone for benign essential tremor.  After another month the tremor increased significantly and I asked my pharmacist what drugs could be causing this.  After she told me Daliresp, I went online to the manufacturer 's website and discovered that primidone should NOT be used with Daliresp.  Since it is the weekend and my tremors are continuing to increase to the prevention of some normal activities, I 've stopped using both until I can talk to doctor 's on Monday. 
Awful heartburn! Even with light food or no food. Actually I found that zanaflex works better since my PM does not prescribe soma which in my personal opinion is the best for muscle and back pain. You must take zanaflex as directed depending on if they are tablets or capsules. But Flexeril will help with sleep. Best to all who suffer daily. I hope you find a solution that works for you. So far I haven 't since my PM cut out the soma.
During my early 30 's, I had 2 laporoscopies and 1 laparotomy for severe endometriosis but had  no relief from pain. At 34, I had my 1st Lupron Depot shot. It eliminated my pain completely. The only side effects were hot flashes and irritability. The side effects were EXACTLY what I am experiencing with menopause now at the age of 58. I did not have any joint pain or other side effects.  After 6 months of shots, my primary care physician advised that bone loss could result from prolonged treatment, so we stopped treatment. As an alternative, I was put on low dose birth control pills which I took every day to stop my periods. Should have done this to begin with! No pain and no side effects!
Chronic back pain/three back surgeries. Medicine is only mildly useful. I have breakthrough pain every time I have to walk more than two or three minutes.  I was told I shouldn 't need anything besides this medicine, but that is NOT true. I am also having a skin reaction at the patch site. Before being given this medicine, I reminded my doctor that I have a problem with most bandage adhesives (only paper tape works), but she said this wouldn 't be a problem. Wrong....I am getting blisters.
I 'm 16, just had surgery on a Fallopian cyst, and I was scared to get my period again (I was on depo for three years before hand, and no not because I was sleeping around at 13 to try and reduce the cyst.) so I decided on Skyla, my insurance paid for it all. I went in that day around 4 pm and sat on the table nervous as hell. Doctor told me for some people it hurts and some people it doesn 't. So they started the process and she was very detailed. She got to my cervix and I passed out from the pain. Worst pain ever, and I have a high pain tolerance. I woke up confused and scared and feeling sick. I had my dad pick me up. Listen to every review and know you could react the same way. 5 days later slight cramping, but I 'm okay!
The first time the pearles were prescribed, I thought they were a miracle drug. Suppressed my cough, and no side effects. Every spring and fall, I get a chest cold. So, I got a prescription 3 days ago. My cough is just as bad as it was 4 days ago AND I am in constant gastric distress. I 'm disappointed that they didn 't work this time, and the upset tummy and dizziness have turned me off. I 'm going back to Mucinex and Robitussin.
I started taking MS Contin 60mg this week. I was taking Methadone 120 mg a day for over 5 years.  I am having some trouble with the changeover, but after 3 days I am getting better.  I also take Oxycodone 15mg up to 4x a day for pain. My Doctor started me on 60 mg 2 x a day, then told me to double it. Still having some trouble with the withdrawals from Methadone but I hope this will work. So far it 's okay. I am being treated for chronic pain from a lamenectomy and spinal fusion without hardware (Failed Back Syndrome).
I have been on Viibryd for 10 days. The first 5 or 6 days I had a ton of energy. My stomach was a little bloated but no other major side effects.  About 3 days ago I started feeling very blah, having anxiety, very gassy and just not feeling right.  I am only on 10mg so hopeful that raising me to 20 will solve these problems. After 5  years on Lexapro I wanted to try something that didn 't cause weight gain and didn 't have sexual side effects. I was still having panic attacks and lots of anxiety on the Lexapro so I was hoping this would help.  Just want to feel normal again.
Mercaptopurine has certainly helped me with my ulcerative colitis but the side effects of a lowered immune system has been a debilitating blow to me. I catch every influenza infection that comes along, to the point that I am now taking asthmatic sprays to help me with my breathing and coughing.  I have been getting bad mouth infections and generally my immune resistance has plummeted. I also have been getting heart palpitations and am now on the medicine Betaloc to try and rectify this problem. I need to tell you that before taking Metcaptopurine I hardly ever got a cold or the flu. I am in my sixties, I am employed, lead a busy life but I also know that the side effects of taking Mercaptopurine has given me other negative health issues.
I had the Mirena inserted in 3/2014 at my 6 week check up after my son was born. The insertion was not terrible it was kind of like long papsmere with some cramping along with it. Afterwards I spotted for about 5 days and that was the end of that. My period went on normally for the next year slowly decreasing in flow and length. During my time on the birth control I experienced mood swings, hair loss, weight gain, inner aching, numerous ovarian cysts, and more yeast and bacterial infections than I can keep count of (over 30). I finally had it removed in the beginning of May 2016 and I feel a million times better. Yes my first period was very heavy and clotty but when it was over I felt 100% better. Different strokes for different folks.
Cramps in hands fingers legs more, excessive hunger, weight gain 18 lbs. I also use novolog flexpen 3 times a day = 20 / lantus 1 at bedime = 46. Tiredness &amp; weak more so than ever, is constant. Bowel movements constantly different.
Only been on mitazapine for a few days only on 7.5mg to start. First night I took it, I was very drowzy after 45 mins of taking it. However the following morning I could barely keep my eyes open all day &amp; with a 4 year old around its challenging. Last night it took a bit longer for me to get drowzy but slept well of course. But my days now consist with weakness feeling, isolation - in ways I don 't really want to speak to anyone or go anywhere. Lethargic just over all crappy feeling. Just want to take another one and go to sleep. In saying all that its the only medication thats taken away my racing thoughts, its nice that my brain feels like a cloud..however I struggle with normal conversation now as I cannot think properly ! See how nxt 4 weeks go
Have had BV on and off for three years now. Extremely frustrating. The flagyl/metro pill caused me extreme vaginal discomfort. In comparison the cream is much more comfortable but it has side effects.  I have pelvic aches, the first night I inserted a full dose but due to the aching I took a night off and inserted a half dose. Symptoms better, BV discharge is gone but I plan on Inserting a half dose every other night until I run out. Be sure to load up on probiotics or a yeast infection will be inevitable.
I started this pill as my first pill ever and it definitely helped with the intensity of my heavy bleeding issue prior to starting the pill. However, I noticed a lot of mood changes, a decrease in sex drive, weight gain, lots of spotting, and I never missed a pill. I am switching to Beyaz now hoping to get better results.
Beware if you are on pain medicine. Sometimes it doesn 't always work. After suffering from constipation, sorry if this is TMI by the way. I took 3 tbsp of MOM. Nothing happened, the second day I took 4 tbsp and that night suffered severe cramping. I also had a little stool come out with blood..needless to say I went to the ER as the pain grew and I couldn 't go. I waited 4 hours, mind you I live in Canada. And there was a poor little girl who stopped breathing. I ended up leaving and purchasing a enema kit and also ducalax suppositoties just inbcase. I got home and within 5 min I had relief. Moral of the story: IF ON PAIN MEDS HAVE A BACK UP PLAN!
Just finished my first pack after never taking birth control in the past. Very slight improvement in my acne, made my breasts a little bigger, and helped increase my sex drive. However, it did make me gain weight and get some pretty bad mood swings. I will continue to take this pill to see if these side effects wear off.
I have been on Contrave 3 weeks and the hunger is gone.  I am getting annoying headaches and wonder if those will stop eventually.  I used to drink wine with dinner and the craving for that has gone as well!  I have los 6 lbs. so far and feel quite well otherwise.  Will the headaches go away?
Taking Micardis, sotalol, norvasc and still run 140 over 90 to 110 blood pressure.  Been on this for years with different doctors.  They help but never get me normal blood pressure.
So I 've been on Lo LoesteinFe since Nov 2014 now and I 've been liking it so far, I was afraid to breakout since I always had very clear skin all of my life . The good thing is my skin is still very clear and I haven 't gained a drastic amount of weight even though I don 't eat right most of the time so that 's good . (But I recommend to exercise and eat right while your on it ). The only downside is that I 've been feeling mood swings and depressed while still on this pill and I 've only felt this change just this month . Because I 'm normally very upbeat and stress free . But other then that I recommend it for not worrying about breaking out or gaining much weight .
Went to urgent care with chest pain, diagnosed with Costochronditis. Meloxicam 15mg once daily helped with pain, but only for about 8 hours. Splitting the dose led to less effective pain relief. Hasn 't seemed to resolve Costochondritis. Went to ER, referred to chest specialist.
I have been on aripiprazole for a year and have gone from a size 8-10 to a size 16-18. I have gained 4 stone! Unfortunately my doctor believes the medicine is weight neutral though obviously not. I eat normally and am currently trying to persuade my nurse and doctor to prescribe me an alternative. Apart from that all my symptoms have disappeared but I think the weight gain overwrites the positives.
Saw the doctor today.  Waiting for blood test results.  I had asked the doctor to give my Byetta since Januvia didn 't appear to be really helping getting my A1C and I had gone of Actos.  Went through 3 months and not happy with the lumps and scarring that I got from the injections.  Didn 't have this issue with Byetta since the needles were thinner and the amount of fluid less.  Yes, the once a week injections are convenient and I lost about 15 lbs since using the medication.
Day 2, throat drainage is much better, although hasn 't stopped completely. Congestion in my nose is better as well.  No problems with feeling sleepy.  Trying this to see if I can avoid deviated septum surgery after being on antibiotics for 3 months for severe sinus infection
I 've been on Aviane for 4 months now and at first there didn 't seem to be much of any side effects but after the second month or so I started breaking out like crazy. I used to only break out around my period but Aviane made me break out all month. I gained 10 lbs and was not happy about it. Overall not such a bad birth control because periods are very regular 3-5 days but I 'm definitely trying something else.
I 've been taking this medication for almost two years. Since on it, I 've become a completely different person. I am so happy to be me. The only problems with it that I am starting to realize is that I grind my teeth at night and I 've gained 10 pounds since starting it. I exercise and eat right too. It 's a constant struggle just to lose a few pounds. Then again some people lose weight on it and some people notice no change in their weight.
Hello everyone! I took Junel fe for three cycles and gosh, was it a mess. I 'm 5 '3 and weighed at 123 starting it. At the end when I switched BC, I weighed 114. This made me severely nauseous, moody, and just made my anxiety horrendous. I would cry for no reason and over react. I give major props to my boyfriend for dealing with me...It got so bad to the point where he loved the placebo week because I didn 't have nearly as bad as a reaction. However, I never got pregnant on this BC so it does what it claims. Props to it. I know BC is different for everyone so don 't let this discourage you. I 'm just sharing my experience...
I 've been taking Vicodin or something like it for years. First for migraine headache and occasional back pain. Total of maybe 30 pills a year. My most pressing need were bouts with cellulitis. If I were to describe the pain, think placing you leg in a bucket of scalding water up to the knee. I took it round the clock for a few weeks. I now take it for chronic knee and hip pain. The dosage is 5 mg 3 times a day as needed. I rarely ever take 3 doses. Most days maybe 1 or 2 and if the pain is manageable, I don 't use it at all. I 'm averaging 60 pills every 4 months. The talk of addiction precludes me from taking it when I (or even my wife) feel I should. I 've never felt high or drugged. The only side effect I see is less pain.
Expect high numbers for awhile, as I understand the medicine usually takes two to six weeks to fully become active in your body. I have been on it under a week and can see my numbers slowly dropping again I am nearing 200 and usually run 120-165. Did see some high 200 's but this may be normal I was told. Just check with your doctor if you are concerned. Once I get used to the weekly injections, and after leveling out I am sure I will like this over daily injections.
I have 4 lumbar disc 's bulging how ever the l5sl is impinging on my nerve root, complete pain couldn 't stand couldn 't walk couldn 't sit etc. I was in missesry. finally they put me on something other than ibprofen and it was Volteran genric! It took about 1 week to kick in and work but I honestly can say I take this in the am along with my muscle relaxer and gabepentin and I am pain free and gained back 6 hours of my life! IT only works for me so far for 6 hours and by the time I can take next dosages I am back in the worse pain ever, hopefully everyday I can gain a little bit more than 6 hours of my life back!!!!!!!!
I tried this 6weeks ago and had very neg reaction.. Started again 5days ago and feel amazing..
Although my depression has calmed, my anxiety attacks are not  any better
I had triglycerides of 400 . Was put on crestor 5mg. After a month they were down to 280. By  5 weeks my legs and arms would wake me up at night with horrible aches. My feet got so bad I would get out of bed and have to hold on because the muscles were numb.  Went back to the dr. take it 3x a week now. No side affects. With coupon online I pay 1.00 for 30 day supply. Shop around.  Go back in 2 weeks will see if 3 times a week helps lower the t. at all.
I 've been fighting alcoholism my entire life.. Feb 2015 I took my first shot of vivitrol, fresh out of detox and straight into a sober house. It helped tremendously.  I managed to stay sober for solid 15 months although I only took the shot for the first two.  It gave me that jump start to dive into life without craving, fear or obsession...  fast forward to last week, I went on a bender that almost killed me.. now with the help of another antidepressant,  I 've started taking naltrexone 50mg... I 'm on day 3, still shakie but I know it 's working, I am around booze because of my job, but I already feel no urge to drink.It 's my experience. That with a strong support system, a desire to quit and armed with this awesome medication I can live.
This was the second birth control I tried. The first made me very moody and irritable so I switched to sronyx and it was great. I had absolutely no side effects. I 've been on it for 3.5-4 years now and I 'm starting to notice some changes. I 've been getting bad acne (I 've never had acne in my life, maybe a spot a month). I 'm not sure if this is due to my increasing age (22)/lifestyle habits or the BC. Also I have gotten so moody, irritable, grumpy, anxious, and depressed (again I don 't know if I can say the pill caused this but it slowly crept up on me and I can 't figure out another reason for it). I 'm not sure if it was a long term thing effect or what but it 's making my relationship with my boyfriend of 3 years suffer
I 've been on Epiduo for many months in the past but stopped using it once my face got relatively clear. I 've had acne for around 8 years and tried all the common treatments for acne so needless to say I already tried benzoyl peroxide. So from experience I know it DOES help improve acne but as for how much, it may depend. The first time worked nicely for me but after several months of use it no longer worked on the small pimples and bumps on my forehead so I stopped using it. Applying more or less didn 't work either. However, due to recent circumstances I broke out pretty badly on the chin so I 've tried using it once more. Sadly, after 2 months the only thing it does is painfully dry out my skin and cause a semi-permanent redness to my face.
I got my Nexplanon inserted January 2013. In the beginning it was great, periods were normal, no other symptoms. About 6 months after it was inserted my periods started getting longer, for a month at a time, was always tired and my breast were always sore. Needless to say I recently had mine removed and will be using another form of contraceptive.
It 's going on a year I 've been on it. My boyfriend and I had sex a week or so later and was fine. My first few months I was on a constant period. Not really heavy, but enough to aggravate anyone. I was extremely sensitive, and now I 'm having terrible terrible acne. (sigh)
I started  Paxil after telling my doctor I had general anxiety and the medication worked after two weeks. At the time my anxiety wasn 't high but it was a level 3 out of 10 so the medication helped out. I was able to be more social and worry less traveling around NYC, but I noticed that I started to gain weight which sucked. After 6 months I wanted to come off because I noticed i never really needed it and this was the hard part. Coming off it was horrible! It made me have higher anxiety without it, and it was anxiety I never experience before. I 've been off for 4 months and I still haven 't felt the same since before taking Paxil. I 'd really recommend taking any medication like Paxil if you really need for panic attacks or high anxiety.
I took this as directed for about 3 mos., and it was ineffective. I was still constipated. I stopped using it.  Then I used it every 3 days when I needed to go, and it helped. Now I am taking it as directed and it seems to be working this time. So, inconsistent results. Stool is still hard and somewhat difficult to pass. Slight uncomfortable feeling when I am nearing having a bowel motion.  Some nausea.
Works great but you 'll never sleep the same again. I can sleep for about 3 hours per night and then I 'm up every 30-45 minutes after that. Always the same thing every night around the same time, 3am wake up eyes wide open and often cannot fall back sleep. Hardly ever enter REM sleep due to the frequent awakenings. I 'm exhausted all day, every day, but hey I 'm happy right? WRONG! I need sleep to function. Stopped taking it. Other side effects: dry mouth, decreased appetite, tremors, dilated pupils the size of Texas, CONSTANT HEADACHE, decreased sensation with orgasm. There has to be another way to deal with anxiety and panic attacks, right?!?!
I have been on Androgel for approximately 5 months. I was tested for low Testosterone after going around 10 years with low to no libido. I tested at 156 even though I get regular exercise. I am around 20 to 30 lbs over weight. My doctor initially put me on 2 packets of the stronger dosage and I noticed I was feeling stronger but still no libido.After 2 months got Testosterone tested again and it was a little over 200. Doctor put me on 3 pumps of the stronger gel and I have mixed results....erections almost to the point of annoyance (very rare before taking gel) when I am sleeping, but libido still not really there. I haven 't seen any weight loss but I may have gained some muscle. My doc is going to test me again after 3 months on 3 pumps and will see what my level is.
Helped me break a long-cycle of binge drinking but after 3 weeks I found the side-effects too much to deal with- constant drowsiness, fatigue, muscle pain, nausea and stomach cramps. Good luck to everyone who can make it work for them!
I just got my MIrena put in on the 28th of Sept and the insertion was really pain. I am 20 with no children and am using this to help stop heavy period. I have been having some very bad cramping on and off for the past weeks and I am having a little spotting for my period but nothing serious. I think it 's a good option and I hope the cramps go away!
You cannot be on Ambian and switch to this drug. It does not work on the same receptors and you will go into Ambian withdrawal in the first night,  and blame in on this. I 've been on Ambien for 2 years and been through withdrawal several times. Nightmares, muscle shocks and a quick dream of getting punched in the face that puts you in state of being afraid to fall back to sleep. 0 hours of sleep my first night. I went to work while having hallucinations. Don 't blame the new drug, blame that it 's being advertised as being an alternative.
I was suffering from a severe virus-caused sore throat with terrible coughing.  My PCP advised me to take Mucinex but at substantially greater dosage than the package recommends.  I did so for about 3-4 weeks.  The medication did help relieve my coughing, but it interfered so badly with my sleep that I had to discontinue taking it.  I notice that other people have experienced sleep problems with Mucinex.   There should be a warning about this on the package label.
Started December 2016, afib caused by thyroid. Lethargic, painful muscles and joints like I have the flu, swelling/bloated all over, indigestion enough to be hospitalized...over all not great...wish I didn 't have to take it!
Hi, I 'm taking this drug for 7 days now. Just started with the drops. 1 mg more each day. I 'm now on 7 mg. Since 2 days it 's keeping me awake all night... I don 't have problems with my drive anymore (my mainproblem, besides bad concentration) but in case the sleep is not getting better I 'll have problems with that for sure. Does anyone know if the sleep is still getting better after worsened through medication? If sleep is not getting better I have to tapper it off or take less than 5mg (insomnia started at 5, 4 mg was still ok)
The good: Implanon was 100% effective, and very convenient. The bad: It killed my desire for sex completely. I gained 30 pounds within two months. I have a history of migraines, usually getting them every couple of months, but during the last six months of having Implanon, I was getting them twice a week, with bizarre symptoms. My migraines would make me feel like my face and entire left side of my body was numb. I would forget words, I would have trouble forming sentences. Sometimes it felt like I was totally disconnected from my body, and that my head was caving in. My doctor sent me to get an MRI, but nothing was wrong, and they diagnosed &quot;complex&quot; migraine. Had Implanon removed 2 months later, and the weird migraines stopped.
I took Qsymia for resistant metabolism. I am 5 '6.5&quot;, workout 5-6 times a week (6 miles walking (I try to maintain 15 min miles with lots of hills), spinning, pilates) and have always ate well. My endocrinologist prescribed it after every test came back normal. The Qsymia was awesome.  lost 20+ pounds and got down to 149 and took the medium dose for 18 months. But had hair loss; found out topiramate (one of the two ingredients in Qsymia) can cause this. So sad to come off the Qsymia, but thin and bald are probably not the best look for me. 10 pounds back on my dr. prescribed Belviq XR (won 't give me phentermine alone). First dose today, skin has burning sensation, NOT hungry, feel a bit &quot;high&quot;.  will discontinue if weight does not drop in first few days.
On day 7 of Beyaz.  I 'm 22, and I was previously taking Femcon.  I discontinued because of severe anxiety that could or could not have been related to the birth control (it 's hard to tell sometimes if the symptoms are the pill, or just you).  I took a year break off of birth control before starting Beyaz.  So far, I have mixed feelings.  I have been feeling panicky, and moody, but again, I 'm not sure if that is a product of the birth control, or my GAD.  I also went back on birth control for my skin, because I have bothersome acne.  I have been developing pretty severe headaches, and I have also been feeling nauseous.  My doctor said these symptoms will go away with time, so for now I am going to stick it out and see.
I 've been taking Pradaxa for a month and have had a lot of gas, sour stomach and a metallic taste in my mouth.
Today was my second day on Nuvigil for idiopathic hypersomnia. I was sleeping around 10 hours a night and napping 2-4 hours per day before this medicine. These were my first two days without a nap in months! However, I still feel tired. I shouldn 't complain, it 's definitely an improvement. 
I am 19 years old and I was prescribed minocyline for my hormonal acne. I saw results in the first 2 weeks. My skin was completely clear and I had never been happier. Although whenever I stopped taking this medicine my acne would come back. I stayed on this medicine for 4 months until it stopped working and made my acne worse. Its very affective but it doesn 't last.
Works well for depression and anxiety.  I experienced diminished libido (male). Do not abruptly stop taking or miss a dose, you 'll get worse than opiate withdrawal!
This is my first month of using this birth control I haven 't had a period yet. I 'm broke out in bad acne having mood swings and depression, which I don 't like. I stay angry at everybody. I 'm on my last week of the pill I 'll never take this pill again.
I was dx with sero positive RA nearly 35 years ago and have been on just about every NSAID, dmard, infusion and combinations of these. Simponi Aria along with lefunimide is my current cocktail. While it seems to be keeping my joint pain under control, my fatigue is off the charts and I have lots of body aches, frequent headaches and gastro problems. My bp and glucose levels are also elevated, though I 'm not sure if this is due to this medication, or not.
Better than some drugs, but Lamictal has been better. I still had manic episodes on this medicine, but sometimes I would forget to take it. Yet I knew there were times when I was taking it that I still got manic. But my spouse could tell the difference when I wasn 't taking it, so it must have done something for me.
Aczone has improved my acne in my t-zone, but it has worsened the acne on my cheeks. I never had acne on my cheek, but this makes my cheeks so oily that it has cause lots of acne on my cheeks.
I have had this medicine for a week now. I am not totally sure if I like it or not. I cannot sleep if I take one of these pills. They make me feel like on high doses of steroids. They do help with pain from the rheumatoid arthritis. If you do not have trouble sleeping then I think this medicine could work for you. If you are already suffering from sleep problems then I would not advise this medicine.
Tonight was only my 4th night on the pill. My doctor has me on 10 mg at night for the first week. So far, the side effects are very uncomfortable. I mostly feel them right after taking my dose. My mouth is so dry, I 'm nauseous, gassy, I can 't sleep and I 'm exhausted. I know the doctor said it could take weeks to work, so I 'm not knocking it yet. Also, some reviews I have read say that some of the side effects disappear and I am certainly counting on that. So far, I haven 't seen much change in my anxiety and hopefully it comes soon.
So I bought the monistat 7 day tx after getting a yeast infection from using antibiotics for strep throat. The first night the itching right after application was intense..it had me up like a crazy person feeling disgusting and I couldn 't keep still. After about 30 minutes,  it went away and I was able to sleep. When I woke up in the morning I felt 100x better. Tonight is night 2 and I 'm about 15 minutes after application ...I 'm itching again...it 's starting to subside but this is very uncomfortable.  My symptoms seem to be going away in the meantime but the itching with application is very annoying.
So tonight was my first 20mg Latuda at dinner and I was super afraid that akathesia (a restlessness from taking antipsychotic pills) would happen. But so far so good. I guess some people get it and some dont.
I just got my Mirena put in yesterday (Jan.6.2016). it hurt like hell getting it put in. After getting it put in, I bled really hard that same day. I even had a huge blood clot come out of me but the cramps were tolerable. I took extra strength Tylenol and I was fine. Now it 's the next day, I 'm not bleeding and I feel great. But we 'll see..
I have been on the patch for about four months now. My biggest complaint would be the weight gain and the acne. Previously I was on the pill and have tried the Nuvaring. The pill made me too nauseous and I forgot to take it all too often. The Nuvaring just didn 't suit me. I love that I don 't have to worry about this birth control but once a week. I will say that each time I change the patch I do have a day of nausea. I also have minor irritation of the skin wherever I place the patch. I itch pretty bad some days more than others. I find that putting it near my shoulder blades avoids any tugging on the clothing and the lint issue.
I have now had my implant for a year and a half (or just over) I didn 't think I had any problems with it. I only get my periods every few months for a couple of days, until recently, the past couple of months I have completely lost all interest what so ever in sex, its causing so many different problems in my relationship, however this is my only problem!!
I 'm 18 years old, I have no children, and I 'm not sexually active.  Ever since I was 11 I 've had extensive issues with my period.  After trying a number of different methods that didn 't work to control the bleeding and pain, my doctor suggested mirena.  I had it inserted under general anesthetic, the first few days I was crampy but the cramps were nothing compared to the accidental rip from the speculum (ouch!).  I started bleeding immediately after insertion, and in 3 months it still hasn 't stopped.  It 's gone down to a back and forth between light to medium bleeding and spotting.  I can usually get by with a thick pantyliner.  I 've had some awful cramps while ovulating and on heavier days. Helpful with lessening blood loss, not cramps.
I have been on it for a little over 1 year.My crohns is better but I now have Severe Liver disease.I had a ct scan 10 months ago with mild fatty liver.A recent ct scan revealed Severe Liver disease.I am so annoyed! Be sure to ask questions and do your research.I would have rather lived with crohns than with a ruined liver!
Heavy bleeding and intense cramping were my primary concerns for starting birth control and since I still bled heavy on my first pill I was switched to Yaz. The good is that the mild acne I did have is now non-existent, no more cramps, and my cycle is the lightest it 's ever been. I can actually *want* to do more than stay in bed during my cycle. The bad is the random spotting. Theoretically it 's caused by not taking the pill at the same time everyday but I keep a pretty tight schedule so it sucks. The mood swings are also discouraging.  I feel myself getting mad or either sad about literally anything more often now. I 've also picked up about 10 lbs despite the same eating habits and activity level.
This is my first month of using this birth control I haven 't had a period yet. I 'm broke out in bad acne having mood swings and depression, which I don 't like. I stay angry at everybody. I 'm on my last week of the pill I 'll never take this pill again.
Extremely dry skin and my acne has cleared up but I get at least 3 big pimples a week.
I 've been on Effexor XR for several years now.  As far as helping to control my depression, it has been wonderful.  However, I have had some severe side effects.  I have gained 80 lbs since I started taking the medication.  I have been diagnosed with benign vertigo.  I have had countless specialists poke and prod me because no one can figure out why I get a sinus infection every month.  I stopped getting menstrual cycles, and specialists can 't figure out why.  These are all possible side effects
After four days of taking this, Diarrhea was so bad I had to stop taking it.
While this pill was effective for me in that I did not get pregnant, my experience with Minastrin was poor to say the least. I had spotting between every single period that usually lasted around 7 days, sometimes more.  My periods were very heavy for days one and two with some of the worst cramps I 've ever had. My breasts were in near constant pain but on the bright side stayed the same size when I lost 10lbs during my time on the pill. I 've recently switched to a higher dose of hormones which my doctor said should stop the spotting. Good luck, ladies!
Excellent for obsessive thoughts, best depression lift in many years...BUT...I am going off of it after five weeks. The initial side effects I could deal with, the normal headache, grogginess, irritability but then after the fourth week I noticed a rare side effect of edema (water retention) of an average of 2.5lbs a day and on my last days 3-4lbs. It was serious. It also caused extreme sugar/carb cravings. That I can control, the water I cannot.
Started on 50mg now up to 100mg. The main side effect I am experiencing is tingling and numbness of the face, head and ears. The sensations vary location and intensity, usually peaking in the afternoon/evening 6-8 hours after ingestion. The overall effectiveness of the medication is unclear due to concurrent methamphetamine use, however I am feeling better than I was prior to commencing treatment.
I got my arm implant in June 2015 and it was awesome bc it did its job well. I had heavy bleeding for 2 weeks after, terrible headaches and mood swings and i noticed some weight was packing in. Around October 2015 I stopped having my period altogether, it was wonderful but I had gained 15 pounds. The amount of weight gain (25 pounds in total) made me choose to get it removed asap.
Had a bad cold for a few days so I went to the doctor for a check and she prescribed me chertussin (guafenesin with codeine) to help me get some restful sleep.  Took the first 10 ml dose and 45 minutes later my heart is pounding and my face and arms feel really warm. Don 't like the heart pounding and won 't be taking any more of this stuff. I 'll switch back to my Delsym that doesn 't work quite as well but doesn 't make me feel like my heart is going to explode.
The pharmaceutical group that developed this treatment is trying to recoup their cost in 1 year, they are a greedy group as they all are and should be called out. Disgusting.
I&rsquo;ve always had heavy painful periods. Found out that I had a very thick uterine lining and needed a D&amp;C hysterscope and they recommended the Lilleta IUD to help with bleeding and pain. So I had the procedure and IUD implanted on a November 3rd, 2017. My period was 3 days late : it was due to come on November 6 but it came on November 9th and here it is November 27th...19 Days later and I am STILL bleeding. I&rsquo;m literally miserable . My cousin who also had it done said that it will eventually stop but I&rsquo;m beyond ready for that day to come!
I am on my 2nd dose, and no side effects at all.  I haven 't lost interest in food, like I was hoping because I need to lose weight. I have not been sick or anything, and my daily readings have not gone down by much.  I almost wonder if its really getting inside of me when i inject it (Being funny there).  I hope it starts to do something, I am on the lower dose, so maybe I need the higher one.  I go for a follow up in August, I will know more then
This pill is ok. But it causes severe cramping. And mood swings. Irritability and crying  seem to be a big issue I couldn 't deal with. I was hungry all the time. Severe abdominal bloating was associated. Not sure if it was water weight or what. But I eat well. Normally no sugar in my diet. Run 2 miles a day 5 days a week and a ton of water. But this pill made me gain weight. After 6 months I got off and have switched to nuvaring. I love it no side effects this far.
I 'm using these eye drops, to get rid of redness, in my eyes, due to dry eye syndrome.  While I do like how it works, it is way too expensive, at 45.00 a copay, and I have very good health insurance. 
I have been on 80mg Oxycontin for five years. I have had four major back surgeries in the past four years. The Oxycontin has helped me lead as normal life as possible, until they changed them. They don 't work even near as they used to. Now my pain really has jumped from a five to a possible eight on the doctor 's pain scale. 
3 months ago I started experiencing numbness/tingling in my left leg, I ignored it. As time went on, the numbness took over the entire left side of my body with my head and neck full of pressure/tingling. My Gyno advised me to see a Neurologist and all the tests came back fine. I called the Gyno once again and when I got a different Doc on the phone, they advised me to get off of Tri-Sprintec, as that is one of the rare but dangerous side effects of this birth control, possibly leading to stroke. The next morning, I woke up with none of the sensation and I was shocked that it was gone so quickly. Don 't wait as long as I did to tell someone. Get it taken care of as soon as possible.
I was started out on 5mg of Buspirone twice daily and was then increased to 10mg about 2 months ago. I don 't know if it 's just not a high enough dose for me, but I haven 't really noticed that much of a difference. I also haven 't had any side effects from it that I can tell.
only gives me 4-6 hrs. of sleep per night.  Was hoping for 7-8.  Take 15 mg. with 10 mg. Melatonin and .25 mg. Xanax at bedtime
I can 't share much YET because I literally started this medication last Sunday (today is Thursday).  Only have two complaints - the cost is the first one!  I hate that insurance won 't cover this, and #2 (something I see no one else complain about!) is constipation!  It 's awful.  Just a few days in and I do take Colace every day, plus I also take Miralax.  I even took senna tablets last night and nothing.  Ugh!  That 's so uncomfortable.  I haven 't weighed myself yet, I will do it this Sunday and see if anything has been lost one week down.
The positive effects of this drug were negated by the adverse side effects I experienced, which included about five episodes of urinary incontinence and slowed motor coordination (my speech and movement were noticeably delayed to the point that I was taken off Risperdal because of this).  I would recommend using this medicine to treat acute episodes as needed and not on a long-term basis.
I get bv every few months because I have the mirena. Iv 'e used the metro pills and gel, they don 't work. I took this ( 4 pills x2days). It made me feel so sleepy and dizzy when I woke up the next day, I had to call out of work! It made me that sick. So my doctor prescribed 2pills  daily for 7 days. On my third day, haven 't gotten any symptoms from the medicine yet. Hope this time it will clear it up finally for good...
My husband went through 48 weeks of this therapy. It started off good, undetectable early, then 6 months after completion of the therapy, the HCV returned and it did so times 2. He still has side effects from this medication. He was recently asked if he wanted to retreat.
Was on Lexapro back in 2009 and it helped me a lot. I had a lot of stress and minor depression. I went off it a few months after I started because I felt so good, and that was a bad idea. I recently started taking it again and as of right now I 'm going through some bad side effects. I normally don 't feel bad at home but I 'm stressing out. Can 't eat, have a minor headache and I 'm anxious as well. I hope this feeling ends soon.
I tried for 2 months to adjust to hydrochlorothiazide.  Immediately my legs hurt and felt like jelly, also my energy levels were so low I hardly felt like getting out of bed.  I also noticed a lot of hair loss in my brush. My blood pressure went form 210/120 down to 140/78, and my edema was entirely eliminated. Hydrochlorothiazide definitely did it 's job, but I was in constant pain and so tired I couldn 't function normally, I thought something was really wrong with me until I decided I 'd had enough and intentionally skipped a dose and couldn 't believe how much better I felt the next day.  I 'm going back to my Doctor to change to something else!
When I first started this there were little, small side effects. I figured over time I would get used to the side effects and thus deal with them. Instead the side effects became intolerable. I would test the med by taking it while I was feeling well. I still had several side effects. Finally the last time I took this the side effects me sick for two full days. Terrible upset stomach, extreme gas and bloating. Worse aches and pains, unable to sleep even with sleep medication. The verge of vomiting at any moment, very dizzy. Extreme bone pain. Several other situations happened with the last dose.
I am a 49 yr old male - after a confusing and distressful life for myself and family at the age of 35yrs and a 3mth stay in hospital I was diagnosed as being bipolar. I have taken different medications over the last 14yrs (Seroquel, Tegretol, etc.) and after my most recent manic/depressive episode started taking Seroquel. I take 300mg at night and at present am quite stable with mood thoughts and sleep patterns though I do feel lethargic, drowsy and being on &quot;auto pilot &quot; during the day and suffer aching limbs. This however is a small price to pay for actually feeling like a normal part of society for the 1st time in my life.
I took Gabapentin for the usual depression/anxiety combination. It helped my anxiety SO much and I was a new person on it. The only reason I had to go off of it was because I have Interstitial Cystitis and the Gabapentin acted as a bladder irritant to my condition. Other than it worsened my interstitial cystitis, this medication was pretty flawless.
Was using Uroxatral.  Rapaflo seems to work about as well, but I also have experienced very little or no ejaculation - very strange sensation.
Problems with flushing until doctor told me not to eat strawberries or chocolate in the evening.  I can eat them before lunch.  I take Niaspan on going to bed.  I eat 2 Graham crackers and 8 oz of milk when I take it.  This has resolved all my problems with the medicine.
I started my shot on Saturday November 19,2016 . I was fine the first day on Sunday is when I started to fill nauseous to my stomach. On Monday I started with a burp it 's smell like rotten eggs . Today is Tuesday same as Monday :( I hear really good things about this shot but I don 't know if my body can handle the nauseated the diarrhea and that stinky smell I 've been calling in at work since I 've been on this shot and it 's only been my first week hopefully my body can handle it , so that I can really see what this shot can do for me , from what I see it helps a lot of people especially with their weight,  their numbers and their A1C. I 'm going to try to hang in there . I 've noticed that my appetite has cut down and I can say now I 'm full .
Lost 10lb first month4lb second3lb third1lb fourth Total loss 18lb in 5 month dropped 2 dress sizesNext weigh in next week
Pros: You can forget about it for 3 years. It works. Even though it made me hungry I didn 't put on weight. It didn 't make my skin break out. Cons:Irregular periods, periods sometimes lasted for 2-3 weeks (spotting in the last one), headaches, mood swings.
Was prescribed Linzess for chronic constipation. Within 6 days I gained 7 pounds. When you 're only 120 pounds, 7 is great! I 'm an extremely active person and healthy eater. Thought it was water weight from the medicine, but been off the medicine for over a week and still weigh the same. Wish I had seen all the posts online about rapid and stubborn weight gain prior to taking the it!
I am 29 years old and I have had 3 jabs of the depo in the last year and a bit,MY PRO 'S:   No period pain every month. No babies ( three is enough for us ). No worries about tampons etc. My CONS: headaches alot, Mood swings - am a little depressed and snappy at the kids, I don 't want to get intimate with my poor husband at all, and my face is covered in acne (not really, but for me YES). I have gained weight!! (5kg) I was supposed to have my next jab in June this year and I didn 't go for it and I still don 't have my period 5 months later!!! I think for me personally, It is no good.
I am 18 and was diagnosed with Primary Ovarian failure. The patch is ok, but I don 't get enough estrogen and have to take an extra pill everyday. At first, I gained weight from taking this estrogen and I got super moody. I have been able to control my mood for the most part, and I don 't think I will gain anymore weight. If I forget to put a patch on, my hot flashes get really awful. My periods are now about 4 months apart and the patch was the safest option in case I try to get pregnant. Overall the patch is alright. I would recommend it to women older than me.
Augmentin is getting rid of my sinus infection BUT the severe diarrhea side effect is going to have to make me quit. I have lost 3 pounds so far, have no energy and can 't keep anything in my body. I 'm a runner so this is totally NOT acceptable.
This is only my second day on the medicine. The swelling and pain has gone down dramatically however the side effects are bad. Horrible cramping, abdominal pain and of course, wretched diarrhea. Like I said, I 'm only on my second day, let 's just hope this doesn 't last much longer.
This medication is the first I 've tried for insomnia and it 's better than nothing, but there has to be something better. I have problems staying asleep and 80% of the time it helps that, and if I wake up for the bathroom or a snack (okay two snacks), I can fall back asleep quickly. But the weight gain! I had no idea it would cause me to gain so much in a short period. 25 or so pounds in 3 months. I will be looking into Prosom instead and hopefully be able to drop this weight.
Today is February 28, 2011. I was on Loestrin 24Fe from July 2010 until December 2011.  I had no periods AT ALL after the first month on the pill. I had no cramps either, which was nice.  However, I had side effects:  much lower libido, difficulty having an orgasm, and digestive problems every evening.  My stomach/intestines used to hurt every night after dinner, and I had problems with bowel movements.  These problems happened for over a year.  After stopping Loestrin, I have had no similar digestive problems.  I 'm glad I stopped taking it.
I 've been on Farxiga for six months (I am also on 2000mg of Metformin daily) and my sugars seem consistent.  My sugars are higher in the morning, but regulate during the day.  I had dry mouth, but that has subsided.  Since the 2nd month of taking Farxiga, I have had vaginal yeast infections.  Before taking this medication, I had only one in my 45 years.  I have no increase in urination amount or frequency.  I do not have any associated pain.I was on Victoza and loved the results I was getting, but had to stop taking it because of the cost.  Farxiga was a more affordable option, but insurance is now charging me even more than the price of Victoza.  I will likely go off of Farxiga and find something else.  I hope this helps someone.
I was on this pill for two years. I thought everything was going well on this pill, until I started getting worse and worse acne. It slowly crept up on me. I was wondering all the time what was wrong with my skin. I 'm 23 years old and my acne is the worst it 's been my whole life. I had beautiful skin as a teen and up until around two years ago. It took me awhile to connect the dots. I also noticed that I started to get facial hair. It didn 't happen immediately, but was very gradual. In the second year, I noticed one day that I had increased, noticeable facial hair. I freaked out, as I didn 't have hair on my upper lip before. Sure enough, it 's one of side effects. Now I 'm on Beyaz, so far so good. I 'm hoping it will clear up my acne!
I started taking Kariva May 2013 when I was 18. It was the first time I was a taking a birth control pill and I was with my boyfriend for 3 months at the time so it seemed like a smart decision. I mainly went on it to control my periods and clear up my acne which I was fed up with after years. Now I have realized that over the past year, it has made me completely emotionless and I have absolutely zero sex drive. On the bright side, my periods have been light and short (still painful cramping) and my skin has never looked better. I am going to stop taking it and try out a different pill that hopefully doesn 't diminish my emotions.
I have had both good and bad experiences with the implant. My first implant (implanon) was great. I would rarely get periods, no weight gain, acne or any side effects really. My second implant (nexplanon) has been the worst experience ever. Since getting the implant three months ago I 've had constant bleeding, weight gain, acne, major mood swings, unbearable cramps everyday, no energy and I 've constantly been feeling down. I will definitely be getting it removed asap and I doubt I will be trying it again any time soon. However, after having such a good experience first time round, I would still recommend it as a good form of birth control, especially if you 're like me and would forget to take a pill everyday.
On Stelara for about 9 months now.  It does work well on reducing my very thick, very stubborn head to toe psoriasis that I 've suffered from for nearly 20 years.The reason I am only giving it a 6 rating is that the manufacturer has totally over rated their product in terms of the length of time it lasts.  For me, this medicine lasts about 4 weeks at best and I need another shot or the psoriasis flares up with the vengeance of a woman scorned.  If I was to wait the suggested 12 weeks the psoriasis becomes worse than before I started.  As a result of this, the price of the medicine should be drastically reduced to better reflect it 's true half-life.
I too am experiencing hair loss and want to know what to do about it.  I had been taking 5mcg of Byetta twice a day with only minimal side effects for about 3 months.  Then the specialist recommended increasing to 10mcg and that is when I noticed the severe hair loss.  I had been losing my hair before in small amounts but after taking 10mcg it started really falling out in great clusters.  Once I realized that it must be the Byetta I stopped taking 10mcg and have gone back to 5 but am still losing hair - not as much but still happening.  Does anybody know what I should try - I have read some other blogs and this has been great because now I know I am not alone.  I too have this dilemma - stop the Byetta and gain several stone or no hair?
I have had severe Gerd/Acid Reflux for nearly 6 years. It has put me in the hospital 7 times now and has totally destroyed my teeth which I have always been meticulous about caring for. Presently, it 's also causing me swallowing problems and voice troubles. The pain the Gerd can generate is an actual true &quot;10&quot;-Far far worse than the pain I experienced from a Quad Cardiac Bypass surgery. My doctor gave me Protonix for it and it worked Very well on reducing, perhaps, 80% of the pain. Unfortunately, the medication caused Peripheral Edema Big time and I had to go off of it again. The edema immediately went away, but the pain came back too. I have noticed this reaction from almost all proton pumps that I have tried to date.
This is my 3rd colonoscopy.  I 've done golightly in the past. This is my first time with Suprep.  I don 't like drinking water, so this is always very difficult for me.  So far I 've made it through the 1st bottle, but dreading drinking the next one in a few hours.  I found the taste just awful and had to chase it with white grape juice.  I wish someone would develop a prep that didn 't taste so badly.
In a few months I exactly doubled my weight -- constant ravenous appetite.  Started on 40mg a day.  But after 15  years of taking it &amp; fighting confusion &amp; appetite &amp; somnolence, even when I got it to 2.5mg and lower, I still had the same objectionable side effects.  Would have been better to take it short term (maybe 3 months) instead of years.  VERY VERY hard to taper off of it no matter how slowly you do it.  I don 't think I would ever take it again unless it was a life-or-death situation.
I 've been on Adipex for 6 days now and have lost 12 pounds.  I 'm really happy about that but I 've had constant diarrhea every day since then and have become very dehydrated.  Be cautious of the side effects.
I had 2 level cervical fusion in 2001 and now need 2 more. Norco doesn 't seem to give me pain relief when pain is 8 and above. Now I also wear Butrans pain patches and I swear by them. They do come with the usual side effects but combined with the Norco I can survive 10 plus pain.
I have been on this medicine for about 2 1/2 months and it has been clearing up my back well but my back only, it hasn 't done anything good to my face or chest still get breakouts and it annoys me because this medicine is my last chance because my doctor said I am not allowed to go on Accutane. I don 't know why it only helps my back and not my face but I 'm hoping these last 2/3 weeks clear up my face also.
I have noticed that my periods have become basically nonexistent which made me worry I was pregnant. After looking at everyone&rsquo;s experiences it has made me realize I also have weight gain (10lb), major mood swings, low libido, and emotional spells for no reason. I have been on this brand of BC for about 4-5 months now and the only good thing is the light periods and no pregnancy. I am asking my doctor to change brands if possible.
So I got this implant 08/2015 and the first 4 months my periods were normal and first 2 months I had a few mood swings. After the 3rd month everything seemed normal for about 3 more months. No weight gain, or mood swings or anything but now it got pretty bad. I went without a period for two months but now that it 's back I get it every 2 weeks. I saw my dr yesterday 7/272016 and said that it is thinning out my lining so maybe that 's why I am having my period more often. She prescribed some estrogen to see if it balances everything out and if not then I will need to take it out.
IMPORTANT: I started Yaz about a year ago and at first I noticed nothing. Then I became extremely irritable towards my boyfriend for no reason. My breasts grew a full cup size (plus), BUT Yaz gave me a yeast infection for four months and made me gain ten pounds. I know everyone is different but I really did not notice how much weight I gained, my infection is terrible and I am switching.
I 've had Implanon for 2 and a half years now. I can 't wait to get it out and I will never get it again. The main reason is I have gained A LOT of weight with this, and also I feel is the cause of my acne/mood swings. My periods have now stopped completely, besides the odd month of spotting. Spotting that may last about 2 weeks, then stop for one week, then come back for another week. It definitely does it great job  as acting as a contraceptive. Handy for people who don 't want to take the pill everyday.
I got it inserted in December 2015, I spotted for about a week with minor cramps. For the first 3 months I had a cycle, but after that I may spot here and there.  The only thing is that I keep gaining weight. I have tried eatin better and working out.
Switched from Plavix because of gastrointestinal reflux disease (GERD) since Effient does not need conversion in the stomach. Regular antacids like Zantac did not control my GERD so I needed Proton Pump Inhibitor (Protonix) 2 times per day.Switch was uneventful and my GERD is under control.
I 'm 18 years old, and have been taking Concerta now since my sophomore/junior year of high school. I was also taking Zoloft (for depression) along with my daily dosage of Concerta. Now that I 'm in college, things have been going better for me, and I don 't have to take the Zoloft anymore, and only take the Concerta when I feel like I really need to focus throughout the day. However, I 've been noticing recently that while on the Concerta, I 'm moody, tired, and unmotivated.  I also start thinking really negatively about myself, and find myself very irritable. I feel like I 've taken several steps back, and should be taking the Zoloft in order to balance out my emotions.
This medication is very sedating for me.  I cannot take so much as 1 mg during the day unless I want a nap.  I take 4 mg at night and get about 4 hours of deep sleep.  Then I wake up and the rest of the night is restless with very vivid dreams.  If I take more, I get leg/foot cramps.  When I tried to taper off of it, I got some intense jaw pain that I had never experienced before.  I believe it helps my daily headaches somewhat by working on muscle tension and jaw clenching at night, however I do believe there is some addictive property such that coming off of it can be difficult due to increased muscle tension.  The leg cramp side effect seems to be really rare, and not all people find it so sedating.
I got Nexplanon inserted after giving birth to my son and have had it for 3 months. Right away I had terrible headaches that lasted about a week. I got off my period the day before insertion and the day after insertion I started heavy bleeding again for 2 weeks, then spotting which lasted 4 weeks straight. Some days heavy enough to wear a light tampon &amp; others light enough for just a pantyliner but it was nonstop. The spotting isn 't so bad &amp; has gotten lighter. I have lost all baby weight. I am slender &amp; normally energetic with a big appetite but now I hardly eat &amp; have no energy (possibly because I 'm a new mom) but my worst symptom is that I am extremely moody! I am waiting 6 months before I take it out.
I applied Duac on my face as instructed and after 2 days of using it, I noticed that my pimples started to disappear but the problem is my whole face got swollen, itchy and red. I can 't even sleep and go to school for days. So what I did is I visited my doctor again and told me that those were the side effects of the product and told me to stop using it. To relieve the stinging and redness I used an ice pack on my face and put moisturizer non stop. Luckily, after a few days the swelling and redness disappeared. Thank God my acne disappeared and since then whenever pimples appear on my face, I just applied the gel directly on the pimples.
It has reduced my prolactin levels effectively, and it increases testosterone to some extent.  The side effects are loss of motivation, and finding mental exertion more tiring, which can be a real problem at work.  The side effects seem to be dose dependant so I break the pills into quarters or eighths and take them more often to eliminate the peaks after dosing. I 've also been able to reduce the dose whilst still keeping the prolactin levels in the middle of the normal range, which has also helped with side effects.
Have really bad food poisoning, had to go to the ER and get an IV where they prescribed me this medication, has stopped the vomiting, but has only barely subdued the nausea and causes intense headaches for me.
I have been constipated since I started taking these.  All I drink is water.
I started taking Latuda 4 days ago for bipolar. So far I have noticed a change in my mood. Days are brighter and I 'm not hungry which is a good thing. I am still taking Lamictal, Dexedrine and Ativan. I am still having trouble with racing thoughts while asleep. I hope this will change soon.
I 've been using the spray for several weeks for sinusitis. I tend to get pressure behind my eyes. The pressure and other symptoms have eased with the spray, but just the last few days I 've been getting pain behind my eyes, which is getting worse by the day. Analgesia/Ibuprofen and Sudafed don 't seem to be making any difference. I think I may have to stop taking the spray.
17 with no children. Had the Mirena inserted 3 days ago, insertion was agonising, had to take strong tablets to  'knock me out ' so I could sleep. Had the next day off school and I am still on pain relief tablets. Went on a short bike ride today and pain returned. Can 't wait for the pain to disappear. Hopefully the Mirena will help me to get on with a normal life.
I took my first dose last night, and I have felt like I have had a bad hang-over all day. Maybe I should take half the doage until I get use to this.
Had the first of 3 last week- 2nd injection tomorrow.  The shot itself did not seem too bad- some bad pain the next 3 days-- seems better today.  Will update after 2nd shot.  She suggested having a cortisone shot with the series of 3- has anyone else done that?  I was hoping to not do cortisone again for a while due to weight gain.
Is it effective? yes! I was prescribed it when I was 12 years old and now I can 't get off of it at 23 years old. I wish I never was put on it and my parents sought out natural alternatives instead. The withdrawals of even going without it for 18 hours are horrifying and feel like i 'm withdrawing for a severe drug. I 've tapered myself off from 300 mg to 75 mg but if I go any lower than 75 mg I start to experience tremors, cold sweats, nausea, headaches, insomnia which kicks up my anxiety as well. Don 't take this unless its a last alternative.
I find ambien to take the edge off at night but not make me sleep. I 'm also on seroquel for bipolar and that helps much better for sleep. I feel like I took a benadryl when I took ambien.
Been on topiramate for around 9 months now. I 've suffered with severe migraines for years and tried everything, started at 25mg, now on 100mg, they are trying to put me up as far as 400mg to find the optimum dose but I told them that I feel like it 's making me sick, my memory has gone seriously bad! I keep feeling freezing cold all the time, I also have a serious stomach condition making my life miserable since taking these tabs, 3 days ago I Googled topiramate and realized why I am ill, now coming off it. It really helped reduce migraine frequency and severity but side effects I cannot cope with right now, such a shame.
I was on this med for a little over a week. Right off it made me feel great everything was good. And I really liked it and I was happy I found something that worked. But after a week it started to make me really really  hungry I could not get rid of the hunger. So I had to stop taking it. I have a hard time to find a med. that works. I had the genetic tests done and there is a lot of meds I can 't take. So it is hard to find one that works. I have ADHD and there is not much meds I can take. Vyvanse was a  question but it worked well just made me hungry. I wished it did not make me hungry. Now I hope my Doctor puts me on another ADHD med.
Wow. It is so nice to know that others are not seeing any difference with Contrave. I went through the headaches and dizziness but no weight loss or appetite decrease.I am in the middle of week four. Hope it to see a difference soon. I 'm happy for those who are seeing the weight loss. I 'm not going to give up but this is week 5.
I have been taking Reclipsen for just over a year.  I prefer not to take pharmaceutical meds, but I don 't want to have an unplanned pregnancy.  The upsides to this method are that my cycle is regular, and shorter, with lighter flow and almost no cramps, all of which is contrary to what I experience when off the pill.  First couple of months I had very sore but awesome gigantic breasts.  Now they 're back to my normal 33 year old boobs.  I get chest acne mid pack, I am nauseous often, especially in the handful of hours following each dose.  I have had trouble sleeping, cry often, but my father also passed away this past summer, so I can 't identify the cause.  Arousal is a little slow to start since on this med, as well as low abdominal pain.
When I used the lotion I found that it did get rid of a few pimples. It definitely does not get rid of any redness whatsoever. Even though it 's the same thing, I find the lotion to be more effective than the cream.
I have found in most cases when I 've had moderate to severe pain, that the over the counter medications don 't work. Granted they do bring inflammation down, I 'll give them that much. However the side effects in comparison are like black and white. I think that the mixture of the two is just right for blocking out the terrible pain, goes to work taking care of the swelling and what not, that follows injury. Doctors these days should not be biased in a way, in which hinders him from deliberating a treatment plan. Consistent in the pain management area of a chronic illnesses. 
Good  progress with a lot of side effects
I had Implanon inserted in March of 2008 after my friend had it inserted and said it was fine.  The only problem I have had was irregular periods there were very irregular.  Sometimes they were short and I called it spotting, but then I would spot for about 1-2 weeks.  But then it would go away for a month and come back.  I think alot of it was stress.  Since July of this year I sort of started new with my life.  I have had two periods since July (it is November), and they were both short and more of a heavy spotting.  But its been alot better.  Overall I am happy with it, and in 2011 I will get a new one inserted, unless they come out with something better!
First of all, I was prescribed to Cymbalta/Buspar at the same time to treat my depression/anxiety, respectively, and I can say that I experienced absolutely no side effects from the Cymbalta and I seem to &quot;care&quot; slightly more about other people not just myself. I 've been taking Cymbalta for 4 weeks now and am unsure if I 've experienced the full effect of what it should be doing for me
This is a drug that takes a long time to get fully into your system.  It does not just &quot;work&quot; after a day or a week.  I was on this medication from 2004 to 2007.  It worked pretty well (about 85%) for anxiety, but not very well for depression.  My nutritionist and Doctor agreed that it was the medication that caused me to gain 30 pounds (which by the way, does not help depression.) I had to keep a food journal and keep track of my activity level. The overall panic subsided, but at night when trying to fall asleep I would occasionally have chest pain, or rapid heartbeat, or trouble breathing.  You just have to try to find ways around medicines to cope.  
I was prescribed Atarax for one specific reason. I am having an MRI done and am extremely claustrophobic. I was prescribed 50mg pills. I was given 4 pills. I am to take 1 pill first to see how it effects me and then I can decide if I need another one. I took one for the first time last night and I became very sleepy. I am also on Tylenol 3 for pain. My eyes could barely stay up. However, once I closed my eyes, I was up every hour on the hour. Not sure if that is because of the anticipation of my MRI or what. I was very relaxed however, but do not suffer the anxiety attacks as bad as I did years ago and my heart goes out to those who do. I will take the two pills at MRI and give my review again then.
I used the liquid version of this product and it worked really well for about 6 months. Then my doctor prescribed the same medication but in a cream version and it 's not working at all, instead of clearing my breakouts it makes them worse.  It 's also making my face extremely oily.
Even though I was told this was well tolerated, I was miserable with nausea and vomiting.
At separate times within a month I had an upper endoscopy and colonoscopy.  I 'd had versid/fentanyl before for colonoscopy and it worked fine (no lasting effects) but the nurse talked me into propofol for endoscopy though I was a little leary, but I was very nauseous after.  This time, I told them &quot;NO propofol;&quot; however, she asked me if I 'd ever had benedryl (yes, for allergies).  It seems they gave me propofol/benedryl because I was groggy/unbalanced for hours after, even though they sent me home!  I feel like I was over medicated for this simple procedure!  On the procedure sheet the medication is listed as &quot;MAC anesthesia!&quot; They want to change all anesthesia drugs over to propofol.  I think I should complain to their Patient Advocate Dep
I got the implant 2.5 years ago. In the first 3 months, I had crazy emotions. I was violent and depressed. I gained 20lbs but I don 't think it 's the birth control fault. I drink a lot more soda then I use to. I do not get a period at all but do agree with needing lube for assistance! Now that I 'm in my last 5 months of it, I 've been excperiencing the same mood swings from the beginning. Its  uncontrollable and scary. That 's the only downside I have.
I started on an anxiety medication that caused me weight gain so I switched to Pristiq, which I was told was good to help control weight gain even reverse it. I have been on it for 3 months and my weight gain has exploded putting on 6 kgs, i still feel a little uneasy. Maybe I need to up my dose, but so very depressed that my weight is out of control.
I 've been using these pills 3 months now. I 've had very heavy bleeding for so long that I welcomed a change. The first two months were awesome. My cycle was  very light and lasted the normal five days. No cramping, very little bloating.This third month my cycle came like clockwork lasted five days then two weeks later returned. My breast have been very tender and although very small they feel heavyI 'm not giving up yet.
Two weeks ago I was diagnosed with atrial fibrillation and put on medicines including Pradaxa. I have never been on any other blood thinning medicines, so this is all new to me.Almost immediately I noticed a severe increase in gas, followed a week later by loose bowels. Yesterday I developed heartburn that will not go away even with Tums and Zantac.I appreciate the suggestions about taking with food and lots of water. I take 150 mg twice a day. I was trying to take 12 hours apart, at about 8 am and 8 pm, but it looks like taking at breakfast and dinner is better. I have had an ulcer, hiatal hernia and GERD about 10 years ago that was finally improved by surgery. Sure hate to go back to heartburn again!
I am smack in the middle of the effects of this drug. NOT on the effects it has on ADHD but the effects it has on the rest of my mental health... I first started Vyvanse 4 years ago, with no other underlying mental health issues other than ADHD. When I first started taking the Vyvanse, it completely saved my life. I was confident, energetic, motivated, and happy. Only about a month later, stopped working SIGNIFICANTLY and I felt like my life was over, that was because in only a short month, I became addicted to SPEED, which is what this is, by the way. It will help you INCREDIBLY, but only for the amount of hours it works before it wears off, and then you will feel worse than you have ever felt in your life, and end up getting addicted.
I have taken Glipizide and Glipizide XL in conjunction with metformin for a number of years with no side effects.  Anyone taking Glipizide (not XL) should be aware that blood sugar levels can plummet quickly and that dosage timing may need to be readjusted.  With Glipizide XL, I have not experienced these fluctuations; however, the positive control appears to take effect much slower as this is a time-released form.
I was on tricyclen for 1 year and it was a definite 10 for the time being, no babies... However, around the 10th month I started to feel like Something wasn 't right.. I was getting harsh pains in my arms and legs daily, Id get stabbing chest pains and sometimes weird feelings and sometimes stabbing, excruciating pains in my uterus.. Not to mention the intense mood swings and random crying and anger all the time.. My head always felt like it had pressure in it, or like someone was stabbing my brain with an ice pick. If you don 't want a baby, this is the Birth Control for you, however be aware of the f 'd up side effects! I quit taking it 2 weeks ago and feel almost back to normal but still haven 't seen a doctor
I have been on Pradaxa for one week, no heartburn or gastro problems, but I do find myself waking up during the night. I was taking the medicine before I went to bed, will change that to dinnertime.
Ok I don 't lie but I went on it because of tremendous pain. I didn 't even know was caused by heroine. Let me tell you something, it was the best thing I ever did. I got my life together and no doubt it helped with my mood and pain. Unfortunately my symptoms are so severe now I can 't sit still or stand or work. My life had become not of my own. I would say try it because you have nothing to loose but don 't fool yourself because there are always withdrawals, you must listen to your Dr!!!! I only wish I had a Dr who could help me. I 'm on disability and cant find anyone to help. I 'm in a living hell but I wont show it. I would do anything to be able to walk down the street without my legs going out from under me. I 'm only 46. Hope its your miracle.
I took Yaz for 2 months for acne and it worked really good for that. I loved how I didn 't have anymore acne problems. I did gain about 6lbs. and went up in bra size big time. Everyone started calling me &quot;Dolly&quot; seriously that was all I could see on myself! It was very painful and my breasts felt like they were going to pop! I quit taking it and they went back down to normal!
I was never diagnosed with PCOS, but I have had all the signs. Weight gain,facial hair,acne etc... I took myself off of Metformin back in 2012 when my doctor prescribed it due to the side effects. I couldn 't handle them. I was losing too much weight and was constantly sick. My facial hair,acne and weight gain had become out of control in the last year so just 1 week ago I requested for Metformin. I had not had a period since December 2014 and it 's is now May 2015. After just a week my appetite has decreased, my skin is clearing and my period came yesterday all on 500mg a day. I was told to increase this week to 1000mg. I 'm hoping for a baby one day soon. My one is only child will be 12 this July and it 's time.
I have been suffering from migraines since I was 12 and getting them around 3 times a week. I am now 17. I was originally put on amitriptyline 10mg. Since then they would up my dosage by 10 mg until I found relief. For awhile 50mg was doing the trick plus it helped me sleep at night. But then the migraines came back. At one point I had 6 migraines in 3 days and I was put on steroids to stop the cycle. Now I 'm taking 75mg every night. That was working until recently I started getting them again worse then ever before. Every time I get them I experience: weird vision loss, nausea, vomiting, lose feeling in arms/hands/mouth, excruciating pain all around my head. I have a lot of the side effects which make me question if I wanna take this anymore.
Nuvaring is very convenient to use but after 3 years, I am finally getting off of it. I get major mood swings, anxiety, depression, leg cramps and not interested in sex. At first I did not think it was the Nuvaring causing this, but after reading reviews, I can relate to a lot of women! It was very convenient but I will be changing to another method.
I tried Nucynta but had too many side effects on it.  First of all, I had terrible nightmares on it and secondly it made me terribly constipated.  I could not poop at all on Nucynta and didn 't poop until 3 days after stopping taking the medication.
I have been taking ADHD medications for about 10 years and vyvanse is by far my favorite. I take 50mg of vyvanse as needed. I always feel very productive when taking it and It really helps me focus and get things done without the procrastination. Although, it does what it is supposed to do I do have a few side effects that prevent me from taking it everyday. I have a history with anxiety/depression and this medicine brings back some of those symptoms. Also, I tend to be a perfectionist when I take the medicine. I catch myself taking longer to take exams and redoing my makeup or hair or brushing my teeth more than once simply because I feel like it isn 't just right. Also I am more isolated and less social when I take the pill.
I am a 21 year old female and I used nuvaring for 2 months but it was affecting my moods (making me really depressed and unmotivated) and I couldn 't take it anymore. I tried it again a few months later hoping it would be different but I spotted for the whole month, I got acne, and my moods took a dip again. I had it for a month but have since switched to Skyla
I like that this pill made my already short periods shorter and lighter. My period would last for a maximum of 2 days. Didn 't get cramps. I didn 't gain any weight, don 't remember if it ever made me nauseous but I had to stop taking it because my hair began to fall out. After reading all these positive reviews I 'm ready to give it one more shot.
I understand there are risks associated with any form of contraception. I had associated the headache and mood swings I experience with the Nuva Ring as run of the mill symptoms related to my cycle. Although I did not experience these headaches at all or these levels of mood swings before starting the NuvaRing, I explained them to myself as the normal adult symptoms I&rsquo;d developed with getting older as I didn&rsquo;t want to cry wolf or say the sky was falling when it wasn&rsquo;t. Basically I didn&rsquo;t want to be a hypochondriac, trying instead to approach pain and the levels thereof rationally with the understanding that pain is a signal, or rather an alert the body sends to the brain from the area of the body that is experiencing some kind of distress w
It is a great drug. I was having really bad freak outs everyday and now im doing fine.However, it does make you tired.
Im 17 years old and started suffering with depression a couple months after my dad died and thats when I was put on Lexapro 10mg. The side effects were horrible for the first couple of days, extreme nausea and massive headaches. About a couple of weeks later we upped my dosage to 20mg and it helped me with me depression a little bit for a while but now (about 4 months later) my depression has gone back to how it was before I started Lexapro. Ive also noticed that it has made me extremely exhausted all of the time. I have to sleep at least 12 hours to function and even then it is hard to wake up and carry out my day. This may work for some but it did not work well for me. Im going to try to switch antidepressants within the next few days.
Used to work great. 1 tab a day for allergies, no side effects. Lately bad side effects, sleepy and unsettled.  
Helps overall but leaves me with a terrible hung-over type grogginess until mid-afternoon the next day. Doctor said it should go away after a week but no luck - still had the next day druggy haze feeling even after 3 weeks on it.  I do still use it occasionally for bad shoulder or back spasms but not everyday for my fibromyalgia anymore.
Female, 33 years old, combination skin. Occasional mild face and chest acne and painful cystic back acne. This is my second try with Spironolactone. The first try did not work, but this was prior to completing a full six month Isotretinoin (Accutane) treatment. Isotretinoin did help with the acne with an occasional breakout every now and then, but a few years later and my back acne started to come back during my menstrual period and they were painful cysts. I would get like 3-6 of them. You might think this is nothing, but the scars all over my back will prove I have a real problem. Now, my dermatologist prescribed me Spironolactone again but 150mg (1/day with my birth control pill). She thinks that this might work now after Accutane. I 'll update with progress.
First let me start by saying that WOMEN are different therefore  your bodies will react differently DO NOT expect to get the same results as everyone else in this page. I was totally skeptical about taking Jolivette after reading the reviews, I was convinced that everything that happened to everyone here i was for sure going to experience, specially because I suffer from anxiety,  constipation and other stomach problems. The first 2 days of taking Jolivette I had major headaches, nausea and dizziness so I bought complex B vitamin and took along with almonds and blue berries which helped me a lot. I did spot in between but no major bleeding. So far it 's been good no mood swings or bloated, I will continue to take it.
I went to a specialist in pain management.  300mg seems like way too much of a starting dose. 100mg for 3 days then 200mg 3 days 300mg 3 days etc. Let 's your body get used to it. Go up to 600mg 3 times and then stop. If you don 't have relief by then it 's unlikely you will. My nerve pain from folfox platinum chemo destroyed my nerves in my hands and feet. This gave me about 50% reduction in pain  worth it. Very tolerable site effects. Minimal really. Try but try it right.
Swollen and red lower legs, swollen eyelids.Doctor prescribed Naproxen Apo. After couple of uses, swelling was reduced, but got severe stomach cramps. I stopped using it after the second use, yet it bother me day and night for week now. Still experiencing pain in joints, swelling and now the stomach ache.
This medication worked very well, however this is the most horrible tasting thing I 've ever had...but if you take it with minute maid cherry limeade juice you taste absolutely nothing but the juice.
I started to take this med one week ago for my gad. Im feeling a bit &quot;lighter&quot; in the head but i also have a bit more anxiety and i feel dizzy. I 've read that this is totally normal, and i have been an benzo addict so i had EXTREME anxiety when i was in rehab getting off that stuff. Now my life is looking brighter, and I have a lot of faith in this med. Just went from 37mg to 75mg once a day. I 'm looking forward to share my experience here in one month :)
Treating my depression has been a long and difficult road fraught with many false hopes. When I first started taking Viibryd I was pessimistic, but after going up to 40mg a day, I did notice some positive changes in my mood including:more energy, better outlook, and less sleep disturbances. Unfortunately, I now think that the effects of Viibryd may have been a placebo, as my mood has plummeted severely over the last few months, without there being any major life changes. I am still holding out some hope that this medication will help me, and overall, the side effects have been very minimal. The price of medication is still very high, and I am still not feeling well enough to work.
Diagnosed after an auto accident and air bags smashed me in the face and broke my glasses.  Pain of the trigeminal neuralgia was 3 to 5 minutes each time it hit and was as everyone on here describes , indescribable. This drug worked but I continually had to keep increasing the dose from 200mg to 600mg and on occasion 800 to 900 on bad days. Have found great success with this drug combined with an acupuncture regimen, this combo has stopped the continued progression/escalation of pain and has me living on about 600 mg daily sometimes as low as 400mg. The reduction has helped with drowsiness and I am not quite as scared regarding the continual progression/elevation of pain and meds. Just hope it lasts,  every bit of reprieve you can get counts for a lot. GOOD LUCK ALL
I had contact dermatitis and was prescribed 3 weeks on medrol 16 mg. Every week the dose was lowered. The first week I had to take one pill per day, the second week half pill a day and the last week a quarter of pill a day. The side effects were horrible for me. I dealt with constipation and the eczema is not gone completely! I think doctors should inform the patients about this tremendous side effects. It is not worth it.
Doctor and I, together, decided to begin copaxone 40 mg after having been on copaxone 20 mg for 6 years, gilenya for 6 years (survived viral Encephalitis after this drug).  Almost immediately, my joints began to stiffen and became painful ... so much so that lifting and using my hands is very difficult. It feels like I have arthritis in my joints.  The nurse and the MS clinic informed me this is a 2.7% reported side effect.  Now trying to detox my body.
I used to use this medication whenever I was constipated and was okay.  However on one occasion I had a very nasty side effect, I vomited violently, had terrible cramping pain and was screaming in agony.  It was as bad as labour!  I won 't go into too much detail regarding the terrible amount that passed out of me, but vomiting and the runs is not nice at all.  I have never had this side effect with another laxative and will never use it again.  I believe it is unpredictable - because I used it previously and nothing terrible happened - but I literally thought I was dying when I had that horrid experience.  If it happens to you I hope you drank lots of water afterwards.  I felt really ill and weak.  I should 've reported this sooner!
I have been on this pill for 9 months. I was put on it to stop the growth of ovarian cysts. I take no other medicines. I eat well and exercise regularly. Only in the past 3 months have I experienced headaches, a bit more moodiness and SUPER TENDER breasts, which have grown a cup size so I don 't really mind. I could do without the tenderness though. As far as weight gain, I always am up and down 5 lbs a month. I was actually kind of hoping that this particular pill would keep me on the lower side but I guess not. Also after reading others reviews I am now thinking that perhaps I have more upset tummy issues due to the pill.
Works great, but side effects are horribleSweating, dizziness, dry mouth, fatigue,next sinus infection. Give me something else doc.
I was on 40mg of Methadone four times a day for 5 years and it worked fairly well to control my pain. I have have back surgery at L5/S1 and have disc degenerative disease. Due to a change in insurance I have had to change to a different med.  Now I am on 90mg of Morphine Sulphate ER. This does not seem to be helping close to what the Methadone was. I need help to find a medication that will help. Both my pain specialist and  I thought this would do the trick but even with steroid injections I am still in massive pain.
Worked well at higher doses but affected my liver functions so had to cut back on dosage.  Helps on lower dosage but not as well.
I am 66 and have been taking Zetia 10 for nearly 5 years now. I had previously taken Zocor, Mevacor, and Crestor consecutively over a period of about 15 years, each giving me severe muscle pain in my feet and legs. At one point, the pain in my arches was so bad that one doctor diagnosed the problem as plantar fasciitis and recommended surgery. That 's when I stopped taking any statins and within a couple of months, the pain was completely gone. When I started taking Zetia, I saw no adverse side effects and my bad cholesterol went down a little. About a year ago, I started having pain and weakness in my legs when standing up or climbing stairs. Now, I 'm have pain in my left calf and heel and occasionally in my left arm, shoulder and back.
I was prescribed this when I went to a 5 day inpatient detox. They gave me this for anxiety as I could not use any benzos, due to my addiction. So when I left detox I remained on clonidine for about 5 months. It did significantly relax me, however, it lowered my blood pressure so bad that I would get  a head rush and faint almost everytime I stood up. Keep in mind my size definitely was a factor as I am only 5 '1 and 98 lbs. At the time.
Im 22 years old, getting married and Have not had sex Also I have terrible cramps and miss work So I decided to get the IUD because I suffer from migraines and can 't take pills with estrogen. When the doctor measured my uterus it was incredibly painful. Everything went dark for a moment. The doctor told me to take deep breaths. she inserted the skyla it felt as if I had the worst cramps of my life. The strong pain lasted a few minutes. I really felt overwhelmed/anxious My breathing was shallow it was hard to catch my breath. I Turned pale warm and sweaty so I had to lay Down and drink juice for a while. the cramps lasted about and hour and came back later in the day. Today I only feel bloated and the bleeding stopped. i Hope for the best.
I have had exaustion, stress and anxiety for a few months now and recently the anxiety got worse and for the first time in my life I had a panic attack twice in one day. I went to hospital and the doc prescribed the meds but I was afraid to start taking them. I also saw a therapist who also thought I could get past this without meds. After I had a bad panick attack at night I decided to start taking them..Its been 3 days and I have hardly slept and have nausea especially in the evenings and at night..Im feeling less anxious but I really need to sleep because I have to go back to work tomorrow.Please tell me this gets better because my doc said she is only putting me on these for 2 weeks then we will review and see if I can go off them
I was pretty skeptical to try Accutane because I tried everything and didn 't work. I eventually decided to give it a shot and was surprised to see my acne get better by the first month. Then it started to come back after about a year so I tried it again. My face was pretty clear for about 2 years after that. I would say it is worth it and really boosts your self esteem. The side effects are no fun but then again niether is acne. I actually think I might go back on it soon.
I heard from a bunch of mom friends IUDs were the way to go and really not very painful at all especially after you 've had kids. Well after a stupid amount of research I had it inserted February 24th 2017. Its March 7th 2017 and I have not stopped bleeding. The procedure was very painful for me but it was quick. My husband came with too. I don 't think I could have driven myself after.  I did take ibuprofen like suggested an hour before and I have had two normal vaginal births of 8 pound boys. Also I have a bunch of piercings, tattoos, and broken bones. Thought I had a high pain tolerance. I 've been having mood swings and hot/cold sweats. Irritable/crying/sad mainly. I 'm thinking about removing it at the 4 week check up. No sexy time yet :(
Had lower back surgery in 2000ish. Was taking 750mg before and after surgery. Help with dealing with pain and got me back to work as a roofer. Recently my neck had been giving me problems an a MRI revealed disc herniations, bulging disc, degenerative disc disease, flattening of my left spinal cord and a hamangioma, with pain and numbness in my left arm/hand, neck. I 've been treating with 500mg vicodin &amp; 15mg Ms-Contin. Brings pain level down to a tolerable level but as always, somedays are better than others.
I was prescribed Zoloft in late of 2008 and I have been on it ever since.  I have a minor case if OCD which is all in my head. I tend to be obsessive with repetitive thoughts and if I don 't think about it then I basically freak out with anxiety. I know it 's so weird, but I guess God made everyone unique in their own way. Anyway, did Zoloft help me? I must say definitely YES. Although my OCD does come back from time to time, it is no where nearly as bad now compared to how it used to be. The repetitive thoughts have decreased by about 80% and that is more then I can ever ask for. However, I experience weird side effects when I forget to take it like nausea, light headedness and &quot;brain zaps.&quot; Got to take the good with the bad I guess.
So, I took this medicine for BV and I had no side effects. I not sure if the medicine worked because during the 3rd day taking the vitamins my period came and I wasn 't sure if I should continue. I was prescribe it for 5 days. Since I only had 2 days left, I finished the medicine anyway. Now, I 'm re scheduling a check up to make sure I 'm clear and changing my diet. I also took pro b rephresh pills and still take them while I was on the medicine spread out of course. I 'm going to continue taking pro b and eat things like plain yogurt, garlic, drink apple cider water,etc. Change to cotton panties with panty liners. Iheard Kefir is a good probotic drink. I 'm going to try it. Take warm showers. Eat clean as possible. No meats, diary, or bread.
I gave it a 5 because Im only on day 5 of treatment. The only reason I 'm leaving a review is because the side effects have been awful already. I 've vomited every single day between last Wednesday (first dose) and today (Monday, 5th dose). I 've had a killer headache 3 out of 5 days. I can 't sleep for longer than a couple of hours, which makes no sense as I 'm on 2 different sedatives - I should definitely be sleeping. And i 've been constantly covered in sweat. Even when I feel cold, I 'm sweating like an animal. I haven 't noticed any mood changes (positive or negative) which is expected because of the short time I 've been taking it. I just thought I 'd share the side effects and hope they go away with continued treatment!
I have used this medication for almost a year now. After about 6 months of use the medication began to not work as well as it once did. I want to caution anyone taking this medication to be very careful about changing the patches EXACTLY when you are supposed to. I was about 8 hours late changing my patch then put it on and got into my car to go to my destination. After driving about 25 minutes on an interstate I had to pull over and began violently throwing up. This vomiting lasted until I reached my destination which took about 2 hours due to the constant pulling over to vomit. Once I could remain still and not move the vomiting stopped but the nausea did not stop until 4 hours after taking the medication. 
I went to the hospital today and was prescribed Vistasil 25mg 4 times a day, but before checking out of the hospital I was given 50mg(the green and white capsule) and everything was ok until after dinner, I had palpitations (the #1 thing I ended up in the hospital) and chest pain little to mild didn 't last long, and I took my bp readings while I was experiencing this and my bp was 132/84 HR 109(prehypertension), I don 't have high blood pressure so yeah it was weird and scary!
I am taking 150 mg. I began at 75 with little effects. At 150..honestly I feel more anxious, yet medicated. I have been taking Effexor for 6 months.I  believe it does more for my depression, than for anxiety. My appetite is about the same. I seem to wake up irritated, and have to take Seroquel at night to sleep. I am going to give it a few more months, then will talk to my doctor about changing it, or adding something for anxiety.
Only on day two but I am cautiously optimistic. Day one I was amped like crazy and felt no desire to eat until my stomach was practically eating itself. Took dose at 6am. Ate a snack at 11:30 and a third of a salad at 2. By then my stomach was pissed and cramped for an hour. I had a persistent bad headache that carried over to today. To be fair, I am also fighting a head cold so I assign blame to that more than med, for now. Dinner was a small fruit and granola bowl. I bought a cookie and only ate one bite. Did not desire any more. Today again 6am. I forced myself to eat at 7:30 and felt much better, less amped. No cramping. Small lunch again, really just eating because I know I need to. Cravings are way down. Headache got better as day went on.
This is my honest experience. I convinced myself that I would take the medicine and the moment I should notice side effects I would stop. While on Accutane, the worst the side effects got were chapped lips, dry skin on my hands and elbows, and sensitivity to sunburns (never had a sun burn in my life before then). Accutane worked like a charm and my skin became perfect, but it wasn 't until two years after coming off it did my hair start to thin. 
I have been on lexapro 4 days 5mg and found I have nausea and feel very restless and more anxiety I also have the a strange feeling in my leg not sure whether to keep going with medication. My heart feels like it is racing but that could be from the anxiety. Not sure I can rate this so early in taking it.
So I 've been using Strattera 40-50-60mg since 8 months. The 50 and 60 mg dose got me very confused and I made a lot of mistakes at my job so I stopped and restart with 40 mg. At the beginning the most common side effects were: nausea, dry mouth, constipation and &quot;sinus headache&quot;.. but it stopped after a couple of weeks. However, I started to get migraines (got 5 since I take strattera)... and I haven 't got one for the last 6 years before (I 'm 22 years old and I had a lot of migraines when I was 10-16 years old)... so I will stop taking the medicine. I also hurt my esophagus scphincter while vomiting cause of a migraine.. and now I have GERD.So even if it makes me feel very calm and I can eat and sleep, I think I 'll be better without it.
I started using Protopic on Dec. 1st and alternating it with Desoximetasone per my doctors orders. At first the dermatitis cleared up on my hands (that would crack and bleed and then the skin would get hard and peel off and once it peeled off the new skin was very tender and there was a lot of pain.  Once I started using Protopic--the condition seemed to clear up 90% but never 100%--well here it is Feb 28th and I have spent the entire week since Sunday in bed.  I have every side effect listed--my hands itch like crazy, have headache (worst I have ever had) my flu like symptoms are the chills, runny nose (have gone through 2 boxes of Kleenex, sore throat. Hurts to swallow, muscle pains. Absolutely no energy/unusual tiredness.
I was put on  carafate for stomach ulsers.I am also taking two 30 mg. Of  prevacid  a day. Since starting the carafate my indigestion has come back pretty bad.
I 've been on this patch for about 2 years now and I really love it. When I fist started BC I was on pill form. I had pretty bad side effects from the pill; headaches, bad cramps on my period, my period was never consistent and I was always spotting between periods. I was also horrible at remembering to take it. I switched to the patch after enduring about 5 months of the pill. The change for me was incredible. With the patch I have had no side effects. My periods have been 100% consistent and never had spotting between. It 's so easy to remember changing once a week. The only negative thing for me was the first 4-5 months of use I had some irritated skin around the patch area. That has since resolved. I personally love this patch!
Today was my first day on 150mg of Nuvigil. I took it at 7:00 am and it is now almost 11:00 PM. I am still speeding like crazy. I cannot sleep. Breathing is twice as heavy.It 's weird that 15 hours after taking it -- I am still in panic mode. I was very much awake today but, rapid heart beat all day. Threw down a hot dog to try and suppress the speeding. Otherwise my mind went 100 mph. Definitely not sleepy a bit. Would like to eat, but just cannot do it. It feels like I 'm on the Movie Speed where the bus has to go so fast.  Hopefully tomorrow I will do better. I want to go to sleep so badly. I took 1mg of Xanax and Luvox; no help at all.  
I have been taking the 3mg lunesta for 4 days now and still no sleep. The only plus side is my insurance would not pay for it and the generic 30 day was $128. My pharmacist called the manufacturer and got me 12 coupons for $100 off. Going to keep trying it for a few more nights, been reading up on it and it seems the worse the insomnia the longer it takes for it to work. I have gone weeks with no sleep my longest was 18 days of zero sleep the dark circles around my eyes were so dark I looked like a raccoon.
I had a lot of stomach pains for over a month. I didn 't get pregnant and had a normal period but such severe stomach pains along with occasional headache I had to switch to a lower hormone so I 'm using &quot;Gildess&quot; now I 'm sad the only side effect I seemed to have was stomach pain. But it was very persistent.
Being a 1st time user of birth control I was hesitant. I 'm very fearful of the side effects that come with all birthcontrols (like heart attack and stroke), but after a brief discussion with my doctor I realized the pros out weighed the cons and was willing to give Tri-Sprintec a shot. I 'm not sexually active so my biggest concern isn 't getting pregnant however I have moderate acne which I 've tried treating with prescriptions and over the counter medicines. I also suffer with PMDD which has made my life miserable since I was 14. Since I 've completed my 2nd week of pills I must say I am overjoyed. No PMDD complications and my acne is getting better. As far as side effect I did have headaches the 1st 3 days. Every thing else has been smooth.
I am 35 and have been on many methods of birth control since the age of 21. For the past 7 years I have had breakthrough bleeding off and on so my OBGYN suggested I switch to Nuvaring. Breakthrough bleeding has almost completely resolved. But the cons of the ring have been pretty bad - horrible acne (painful bumps, cystic acne on chin/jam), depression, moodiness, crying, trouble focusing, vaginal dryness and discharge, abdominal bloating, etc. I have been on Nuvaring about 7 months now as I was hoping my symptoms would lessen or resolve - not happening so, called OBGYN today and getting a new script for new pill. Pros are that is it convenient. I had no loss of sex drive, no hair loss and never fell out during sex. Just can 't deal with the cons.
After a day or two of taking this my former feeling of incomplete emptying was gone and it is a wonderful feeling! However... I 've been excessively tired after 1-2 days of taking it and both my mouth and sinuses are super dry which has resulted in a bloody nose that never really heals. This medication seems to do the trick, which is awesome, but with these side-effects I 'm done taking it. O well..
I 've been struggling with ibs-d for a couple years now tried a lot of different things went through round after round of testing all to come back negative. They tried me on the 75 mg viberzi due to me not having a gall bladder I 've been on it about 3 weeks. Everytime I would take it within a half hour I had what felt like horrible gall bladder attacks extremely weak, dizzy, and faint. I gave it another week thinking I needed to get used to it. My doctor now took me down to a one a day if the side effects go away I 'll be taken off of it. I have mixed feelings the side effects are not worth it but it was something that finally gave me relief from running to the bathroom all the time.
So today I got the IUD implanted. And the process is more of an uncomfortable unusual feeling than painful. It will in fact hurt however it will not be unbearable, you will just react to it because it 's like a cramp x100. It took an hour for them to place the IUD because i 'm 22 and i 've never had a child before so it was difficult to stretch my cervix enough to fit the IUD in. So if you 're young and you 've never had a child expect a lot of discomfort and difficulty in the process of implanting the IUD. However, I felt that it was totally worth the experience and i 'd do it again if I had to. I 'll update my review in a couple of weeks but right after the insertion i felt zero pain. I rode my bike home with no problem, just a little shaky
I started this 4 days ago.. taking 1/2 of 50 mg at night.. so 25 mg. I will do that for 7 nights, then up to 50mg for 7 nights, then 75 mg for 7 nights, then 100 mg for 7 nights, and so on until I reach a mg my Dr. and I are comfortable with.So far I have not had any side effects except- not being hungry. In the last 3 days I have hardly eaten anything. I 've been very thirsty for water, soda taste like crap- and I was very addicted to diet coke. I haven 't weighed yet... been meaning to. Last I weighed was a month or so ago, and I was at 180 ish. Today is July 10th 2017. I will weigh after work and see where I am so I have a better idea who this will effect me!I 've gone from 120 to 180 ish in the past year - with different meds..
This medicine was helpful however after about three hrs it does wear off and if you are misrable like I was the dosage for this is to far apart. It is nice to get the relief for a few hrs but then the few in between the next dose is heck.
I was prescribed Topamax as a preventative migraine med. It was effective in significantly reducing migraine. However it gave me insanely severe sinus/hayfever symptoms. I couldn 't leave the house because my nose was running like a tap. I was sneezing all the time and totally stuffed up. I got all the other usual digestive upset side effects, but I could live with those as they seemed to reduce as time went on whereas the sinus problems intensified.
Female 40yrs -age. Started getting axillary hyperhidrosis at age 24yrs. Not known if hereditary so Dr said wasn 't primary but secondary I basically begged my Dr as it had major effects on my QOL. At my wits end, willing to try anything, just want it to be over! On day 4 of 2.5mg per day. I took 1st dose in afternoon (fine) 2nd dose just before dinner ( not good! Found myself dizzy and tired) 3rd &amp; 4th dose before bed ( fine) 4th day starting to get slight dry throat, not major. Sweat seems to have decreased a little. Not confident to wear anything not black can 't be certain as to improvement as sometimes clothing feels wet but when I feel armpit it feels dry, weird. Will be brave tomorrow and wear colour. Will keep updating over weeks.
I started yesterday and today I see it darker. Should I stop? I have a wedding in 10 days... will my melasma be better by then or still this dark? Thank you
Five because I never got pregnant, gained weight, spotted or lost my sex drive. However, my skin has been absolutely horrible the past 7 months on this pill. I had flawless skin before birth control. I also had flawless skin on the Nuva Ring. I wake up and dread seeing my face because I know there will be a  raised red bump(s). They never surface and are cyst like. I used to never wear foundation or powder, now I have to cake it on because I can 't stand looking at the huge bumps. Beware.. As someone who had flawless skin until 19, this birth control can do a number on your face. Also, I have been extremely emotional and moody constantly.
Update:  Am now on wk 6 and considering stopping the med due to constant nausea and generally not feeling well at all.  The med is great for curbing my appetite but it 's hard to eat or drink anything-even coffee.  As soon as I eat anything I immediately feel bloated and sick.  I ate 3 shrimp for dinner &amp; was in bed by 7:30 due to nausea.  Love the appetite suppression but not sure how long I can put up with this feeling.  My clothes still fit the same, too.  On another forum a user said that they felt nauseous whenever they ate any fat.  I 'll watch this and see if that has an impact.  Good luck everyone.
I have just finished my first month of taking Low-Ogestrel. I was put on it because of my horrible  menstrual cramps and haven 't really experienced any bad side affects other than migraines during the first week or so. I am currently on my period and didn 't have any cramps i am also bleeding very lightly. So thumbs up for me!
When I had the paragard inserted it was the worst pain of my life.. I had a panic attack and I was screaming and crying. I had it inserted at planned parenthood so there was no pain medication, no dilation, not done on my period. I 've never had a baby so that might have made it worse for me. Cramps and lingering pain lasted a few days after that. After the pain went away I loved paragard for my birth control! Until I started getting yeast infections every month, sometimes twice a month! I had to change just about everything about my life to avoid getting yeast infections since I was now so prone to getting them. After one year I decided enough was enough and it was removed
I just started taking Celexa and the only thing I notice are the headaches, which are very unusual for me. Sometimes they are worse than others. Can be distracting at work, but not so bad that I 'm willing to through in the towel just yet. Also my stomach as been a little upset too, but again not enough to give up on trying to feel better!
i 've been on nexplanon for 8 months now, and i really don 't care for it. it 's made me gain 20 pounds. at first it didn 't make me want to eat at all. also the first month i had a period for 3 weeks and i haven 't had a period since which is nice but it just doesn 't seem normal to me. sometimes it pinches me sometimes n hurts my arm. i personally would rather be back on the pill. going to get it removed soon.
So, I 'm writing this after a 6 year period of use from age 15 to 21. It definitely did its job since I 've never been pregnant. It made my periods lighter and my cramps very minor, which is great. No significant weight gain or loss. No mood swings. (In fact I 'd say that my emotional state became even LESS sensitive than before.) But man, was it KILLING my sex drive! And on the rare occasion when I actually was feeling aroused, my vagina wouldn 't even self-lubricate!! Nothing going on down there whatsoever. It was a shitty situation for both me and my partner. Strangely enough, the pill also dulled my sense of smell.So yeah, the pill did its job but overall, it changed other things in ways that really concerned me. Glad to be off of it.
I 've been on Ortho Tri-cyclen Lo for about a year now and it has done it 's job on preventing pregnancy. It has not affected my weight and has not caused me any sickness. What it hasn 't done though is help with breakouts on my face or my flow. And it has caused me to be moody and get upset easily. It has definitely lowered my sex drive.
One day 1 right after first application, stinging occurred. I pray day 2 is better.
I started Saxenda this week. I haven 't had any symptoms except the constipation and tiredness. Today I feel really tired so if that 's the worst of it - I guess I can deal. I don 't know if I have lost weight yet as I am waiting until Sunday to weigh myself. So, I can 't say for sure Saxenda is making me want to eat less. I mean I still want to eat - so if the complete loss of appetite is the goal with Saxenda, I can 't say for sure I am there.I have read so many problems with constipation - folks, don 't suffer! The solution is simple. Take some magnesium supplements. I will report back on the weight loss later.
I have had Implanon for about two and a half years now. When I first had the Implanon put in it hurt just a little and my arm was very tender for about five days. My first two years of having the Implanon in wasn 't bad at all. I had normal periods that lasted four to six days a month. I never had weight gain I actually lost about 15 pounds. I had acne when I had the Implanon put in and it cleared my acne up. I do have breakouts once and a while. But I am in my last year and I hate it now. I have been bleeding for six months now. The bleeding will stop for about an hour then I will bleed again. This is my only problem with the Implanon. I would say try it because everyones body is different. If you don 't like it you can always get it removed.
Day 1. Took 50mg last night, felt &quot;stoned&quot;, woke every hour, and had a nervous tummy, feeling hungry this morning, little more calm then normal for morning time. Still feeling slightly &quot;stoned&quot; and very tired. No nausea.
A LOT of trouble with stomach issues; diarrhea, stomach pains &amp; MAJOR STOMACH DISCOMFORT !!!!
I have stopped smoking as of 8/11/2011 while taking Chantix.  Before that date, I smoked a pack a day for 37 years.  Honestly, I enjoyed smoking and would not have quit until I was diagnosed with the beginning stage of emphysema (COPD).  At first, everything was going fine while taking Chantix.  It helped to ease my cravings, although I still wanted to smoke at times. When the cravings would creep up, I would just take my pill and the craving would greatly decrease.  During the two months of taking this medicine, I noticed that while it eased my cravings, I began to experience bouts of depression. I mean severe depression.  
I was on Trazodone for nearly a year, taking as much as 300mg nightly. There 's a positive and a negative. It does help with sleeplessness because of its sedating effect. It doesn 't guarantee you will fall asleep. There were several nights I can remember when it felt like the trazodone wasn 't working and I 'd be up all night. The positive was it helped on most nights. But just like other prescription drugs, it is habit forming and does cause dependence even though doctors may say otherwise. I tried quitting cold turkey after a few months and my nights were hellish. Zero sleep, racing thoughts, excess energy in the middle of the night, it was absolutely weird. Id only recommend trazodone, if you absolutely must. Try for the natural route.
Took the medication for a while. Worked well for depression and overall well being, but I did notice it killed my ability to get a solid erection and sex drive was reduced. This trickled into performance anxiety. Trying to figure out how to overcome that now has made things worse for me.
Within few days of taking the pill my acne cleared up.  On the other hand I have gained 4 pounds out of nowhere.  Feel bloated, nauseated.  Is a shame that side effects are so undesirable since it does work for my acne.
I was on Safyral for 4 month. I had a break-through bleeding the first month, then it stopped (Which was very fast for me! It was great). However, my acne increased and I was tired all the time. Also, I had terribly sore breasts and white vaginal discharge every last week of active pills. My periods became much lighter with less cramps. When I stopped taking the pill, my acne was 90% gone the next day! I couldn 't believe it! My face looked cleaner than before I started this pill. I was off the pill for a month, and my acne still is very small (Which is good, because I used to have bad breakouts). Couple of days ago started taking LoEstrin 24, will see what it does.
It hurts bad. I was cursing a storm, but to me it was worth it, no one will know about it and I 'll keep me from getting pregnant.
I started taking implanon   after I went off  depo shot . I had no period on depo. After a year on implanon . I got my period back not bad loved it for awhile . the 2nd one was different irregular bleeding. I have a period 2 or 3x a month. worst side affects are the periods not know when  they will come and when they will go away. breast pain and tenderness , painful periods at times. I 'M debating what to do next. I don 't really want another implant. But, I don 't want a baby either . my dr. said to try mirena but, I 'm acared to try it. I 'm undecided what to do next. Maybe I should just go off of BC and use condoms . IDK
I was diagnosed with strep in the ER and they sent me home with azithromycin. I took the first dose before bed and was fine until I woke up with extremely itchy feet. Just thought I had walked in something. Took it again the next day and my feet got worse overnight. Couldn 't sleep from the itching. Severe swelling and a rash. It moved to my hands too. Went to the Dr immediately and they said to stop taking the meds. Allergic reaction apparently? It seemed to help my strep though!
overheating
I had postpartum depression after my son was born. My doctor gave me Lexapro said to try and stick with it for 1 year. I felt so much better after the 1st week of taking it. My son is now 5 months old and I 've been taking it for 4 months already. I feel like it doesn 't work anymore. I feel the depression on and off. What they say about the side effects is true. I have no interest in having sex, I have gained 10lb over a period of 4 months and can 't lose them no matter how hard I try. 
Okay, so I 've been on Biacna (Canadian version) for almost a month and a half now. I 'm in the process of breaking out and experiencing dryness from the product but after reading the reviews, I 'm hopeful in a few weeks the change will begin. I 've struggled with acne since high school (I just turned 20) so it 's been really annoying to constantly worry and be self conscious about how my skin looks. My acne to begin with is somewhat mild so the gel is causing all these tiny bumps to form mostly on my cheeks and forehead. I 'll post an update of my skin in a few weeks to let you know if it works for me.
I took this drug for approximately 2 months and while it helped a bit during the day, the multitude of side effects were much worse! My skin itched so bad I felt like I had bugs, and my joint pain was horrible. I have two herniated discs and I 'm in constant pain, but this was definitely not the pain medication for me.
I 've had this birth control for 9 months and I 've had many problems. I became depressed, unsocial, and over react to everything now. It feels like I 'm constantly PMS 'ing. Its affecting my relationship with my boyfriend, and friends, and I 've also lost interest in sex. I think I may have experienced one of it 's severe symptoms which is depression. Though this birth control prevents you from getting pregnant it 's better to switch if you notice one of the listed severe symptoms
Diagnosed with major depression and anxiety. Been on Prozac for all of 6 days and it 's already changed me in a lot of ways. Some good, some bad, pretty jarring altogether. Morning after 1st use had severely suicidal thoughts. Instant loss of appetite and libido. Been an over eater most of my life. However, today was the first day in 6 days that I put food in my mouth. Zero libido all of a sudden, which I thought was great at first. Want to stick with it but really afraid about my libido.
I been taking Vyvanse a little over 2 yrs. This is the only medicine I have taken for ADHD. As of this posting I have been off it 3 days. The first 18 months I thought Vyvanse was the best thing sense sliced bread. The last 6  mths have been an emotional roller coaster of side effects. I have spent hours on the floor crying, my social life is none, I didn 't talk to anyone but the people at work that I couldn 't avoid, my husband wants a divorce and nothing made me happy, I was sad and depressed all the time. Please be careful taking this medicine. I don 't think it was meant for long term use or maybe it just affects different people in different ways. After 3 days in bed I 'm finally getting back to normal.
I am wife of man who just completed Provenge series.  Can 't really rate this as effects not yet known, so rated it average - for now.He has felt flu-like (fatigue, muscle aches, joint pains)  for longer than the one or 2 days noted in the literature on Provenge.His PSA has increased quite a bit in the weeks following the beginning of the Provenge.  Not clear why this is.  Could be the course of the disease, or could be the effects of prostate cells being killed and fragmented, which would be a positive thing.
It worked after 4 days and cleared up and then came back 3 days later
I got this for my 5 year old daughter, who has high functioning autism. This medication was a godsend in terms of making her focus and follow directions, but sadly, we had to stop giving it to her because it made her terrified of everything. She became very paranoid and things she used to love suddenly scared her (example, blowing bubbles became scary!) She became jumpy and had nightmares. We tried to work with this medication for over a year, no luck. She 's is 7 years old now, and we finally took her off of it. After being off of it for a little over a week, she is no longer scared and paranoid about everything. She is back to being unfocused and not following directions, but I would rather have her unfocused than terrified of everything
I found Lexapro to be only slightly effective for Seasonal Affective Disorder and mild depression. It worked better for anxiety. I was able to sleep on this medication. It exacerbated my tinnitus, but otherwise there were no noteworthy side effects.
I have taken this for about a year. I have lost about 40 lbs. I am taking it to help depressed moods. I also have to take the brand and not the generic. I will have late onset asthma with the generics and other unpleasant side effects. I tried more than once to use generics but it won 't work. So , give it a try if you can afford the brand name. IT makes a big difference. I also found that all my migraines disappeared while taking this. What a relief that was. 
I 've been on ADHD medication for a very long time. My body had built a pretty strong tolerance stimulants.I combine normally IR Adderall, Vyvanse, and XR Adderall, and now I combine Zenzedi (great, btw), IR Adderall, and this medication and the only thing I noticed is no increase in focus at all but some weird increase in insomnia which is unusual because it 's not like an anxiety insomnia but a strange almost increased ADHD insomnia I had growing up. Normally after taking my ADHD medications I can sleep without issue but this one causes me to just stay awake without jitters, focus, anxiety, or anything. I don 't care for it.
I 'm 25 years old, When I first realized something was wrong was when I felt like I had a cut down on my genital area, I then realized there was a new form of a bump and then the itching came along and the burning sensation when I used the restroom. I decided to see the clinic because i knew something was wrong. She ran tests which I am still waiting for to come in this week, but from what she said, she said it looks like Herpes. She prescribed me acyclovir 400mg this past Monday which was two days ago. I have to take one ever 12 hours. It seems to work for so long, like a few hours, but i am still feeling the pain, and I feel like more bumps have appeared. I 'm terrified. I still have burning sensation. 
I 've been on this pill for almost a year now, and this is the only birth control I have ever been on. My period is erratic, and has been 4 days late before. I have insane cravings, and went from having regular light easy periods to long painful ones. The second month out of the three month pack is always the better month, but I am certainly switching. Also lost about 10 pounds, and nothing I 've tried works to gain it back. Every body is different though! Good luck on your birth control quest!
I have been taking Cymbalta for the second time after going off it cold turkey 5 months previous (wouldn 't recommend it). I have found in the last week feeling very hyped up again the depression is not as bad but the hyped up feeling is becoming hard to control. I 'm on the 30 mg only sexual disinterest and constant feeling of wanting to go the toilet are a little frustrating.
I got tested for STDs just as a routine test and it got back positive for chlamydia. My boyfriend and I were just shocked, we don 't know which one got it before we got together. Doctor was very clear about the possibility of the bacterium to be silent for month but not clear about the side effects of this medication!I took 4 tablets of 250 mg and after 2 hours I felt terrible, stomachache like never in my life and I had to fight against the vomit always around the corner all day. Take a day off or take the pill after work to have plenty of time to deal with it!
I have been taking Trulicity for 6 months. I started on the lowest dose for 2 months then increased to a double dose for the next 4 months. I thought it was working great until 2 days ago and I got numbers in the mid 500 's the past 2 days. Talked to another person using Trulicity also and the same thing happened to him. Neither one of have changed our diet or have done anything differently. It 's a mystery.  I 'm wondering this was a bad batch or if it just stops working after a while. At $250 a month I can 't afford something that works this ineffectively. Any others have this problem?
This is my second time on this. First time irregular spotting or bleeding per say for a good month after that I never had a period again. Now it 's been a few years off of it I 'm back on it first month no period and now it 's been a week of light spotting dark to light back n forth. I been wanting to have intercourse with my man but it 's definitely not going to happen just yet so I 'm pissed that I have to wait this out. If the results aren 't the same as before I 'm calling it quits but the positive is my breasts are fuller and perkier but the acne is horrible! Help us all.
Been taking Movantik 25mg for a year due to opioids.  After taking it, within 10 minutes the gas starts. I have an abdominal hernia and get a painful fist size knot that I have to push on to get it moving.  This drug is definitely not a sure thing.  I still have to take flax oil capsules or stool softeners and sometimes even that doesn 't help.  I do not go without having a movement for more than two days and then I start with the suppositories and magnesium citrate.  Before I got Rx for this drug I had constipation so bad I went to ER twice and that was the WORST enema experience.  I thought I was going to die from my pain and the sweating and chills and trying to push.  Eating apples daily helps when I can afford them!
As far as its intended use (Birth Control), it seems to be doing its job, however it did come with some side effects. I haven 't experienced any acne or weight issues but my mood / attitude has been out of control. I 'm a very level headed, stoic type of person but my emotions have been all over the board from crying for no good reason to outbursts of rage at the tiniest inconvenience.The one positive side effect I have experienced is extremely short, almost non-existent periods. But honestly, I 'd rather have a week long WWIII period if it means keeping my sanity. I plan to switch as soon as possible.
I had been taking Diovan for several years and it worked well, but the cost became prohibitive ($120 month) so my Doctor switched me to Benicar HTZ. Benicar HTZ worked almost too well and my blood pressure frequently was in the 109/50 's. After about a month I began noticing a lack of sex drive and then soft erections. I have since switched back to Diovan.
Just started 3 weeks ago and noticed a weight gain of about 3 pound right away. It works though. Noticed no night sweats or insomnia starting the first night. Worth the trade off so far. Worried about the weight gain though.
I 've taken 12.5 mg Ambien CR on an off for 3 months now.  Within the last two weeks, it 's been more like every day.  I was so groggy all day. Also, I 'm not sure I slept... It was more like just being turned off rather than in a state of recuperative sleep.  I cut the pill in half last night and had only 4 hours of sleep, where I awakened twice.  I still feel more refreshed than ever, probably because this is the first time in weeks I don 't have an ambien hangover.  It 's a great medicine, but I 'd like to ween myself off of it.  I suspect it 's either causing depression, or is amplifying a depression I didn 't know I had.
I have Rheumatoid arthritis, Fibromyalgia and restless legs syndrome. I was taking Cymbalta for the FMS symptoms. I started taking Cymbalta about 1.5 months ago and yesterday was moved to Savella.  I give Cymbalta great credit. It does what it says. Within days of starting it, my pain level went from a constant 6-8 lingering to 0-1.  I hadn 't felt so good in years.  My mood improved greatly too. BUT, I had to transition off of it due to side effects including headaches that would come on at the drop of a pin feeling like an axe in my head and throbbing with every beat of my heart. When I 'd take my Blood pressure it would be up to 140/85 from a usual 116/64, profuse sweating to the point of having to change clothes, night sweats and anorgasmia.  The doctor reacted to the Blood Pressure elevation with concern.
It helped at first but stopped after one month. It may be better for teens.
Was diagnosed on June 28, 2016.Stated taking Triumeq on July 29th.Side effects I experience, EXTREME Fatigue and moderate Depression. I 'm literally tired like before i go to bed up until afternoon of the next day. I feel depressed after I take my daily dosage and usually last all day. Before I started taking the medication, my VL was 20,000 and CD4 was 434.I 'm just waiting for my next checkup to see what my VL and CD4 is.
Took this for migraines and seemed to work great for months. I had about a three month stretch when I noticed I had a constant low grade fever, achey and flu like symptoms. After much research determined it was due to the beta blocker. Went off them and felt my old self again.
I have been on 50mg of Topamax for one year now.  I am still on the fence.  I have still have the tingling/numb hands and feet (sometimes so bad, it wakes me up at night.)  My Neurologist recommended increasing my potassium levels.  That seems to help sometimes.  I lost some weight and I sleep better now taking this.  I do have few migraines a month, but I do not want to take a pill the rest of my life. 
I was initially scared to go on Zoloft, as I had been on it when I was 12 for depression and I was told I was a despondent zombie. I 'm 18 now and have probably taken 10 different antidepressants. Two months ago I began having horrible intrusive thoughts, and this was the first drug recommended. I agreed to try it after some pushing from my doctor and more experimentation. The first two weeks was hell; I couldn 't keep anything down. I lost 18 pounds in two weeks. My OCD is better but it 's still not great. I had periods of derealization when switching doses and some of it has stayed. I 'm currently on 100mg and probably going to up my dose.
Have been given Diazepam 10 mg, Tramadol 10 mg, Codeine Phosphate 10 mg, CoCodamol 30/500mg and Naproxen 500mg. (Not all at the same time.)None of which have helped the pain in my lower back / butt.
Currently on a low dose.  Appetite some what suppressed.  
I switched from Loestrin to Junel one month ago, I 'm currently in my placebo time. I 'm sad Loestrin is no more. This medicine has made me moody, severe breast tenderness, and ACNE! I have never had acne as an adult. They 're big and painful! However I feel like it is subsiding. Breasts are less tender. No bleeding yet, but I stopped having periods on Loestrin years ago. I 'm sticking with it for now!
A LOT of trouble with stomach issues; diarrhea, stomach pains &amp; MAJOR STOMACH DISCOMFORT !!!!
Hi, ladies I 've read several stories and I can say I can relate to just about all of them. I 've had implanon since end of 2010 after my body rejected mirena proceeding the birth of my daughter in September 10. Headaches, mood swings, weight gain, extreme bleeding, horrible cramping. I complained to my ob/gyn and she assured me its normal and would subside and it did to an extent. Nexplanon was the upgrade due to its easier to now find than my implanon was. But I have since had other medical problems I 'm waiting on another opinion to see if I should have it removed.
I have been using Cymbalta for over a year now.  I have since discontinued.  The withdrawals are awful... brain zaps, nausea, dizziness, sweats, fever, body aches all over.  I have also gained 10 to 15 lbs since taking this medication.  I am active and do not eat crazy.  This medication worked at first but the side effects are awful.  I want to start a family and it 's time for me to ween off my medicines. 
I don 't think it 's that bad... yet.  I 've only had one shot on June 2, 2017, so maybe it hasn 't happened yet?  maybe?  Sure, I have leg and muscle pains, but I did before too.  There isn 't anything unusual to report... but it hasn 't been even two months yet.This shot is not like Forteo which is absolutely the best osteoporosis shot imaginable... but you can only take that a couple years max.The biggest complaint I can think of with this stuff is that you will lose bone mass really, really fast and be much more likely to fracture once you stop taking it for six months.  And that is a scary thought.  For that I give it a 6,0
While it began to work quickly, after 4 doses, I spent the night vomiting every couple of hours and the next day recovering from the side effects.  Getting a prescription for something else with fingers crossed that I don 't have the same effects.
Got this prescribed yesterday for my sinus infection I have, on day 2 of taking it and still do not feel any better although I was told it is a slow moving medicine. Throat hurts really bad and hurts to swallow, hopefully it will improve.
I have cystic acne and it helped slightly
I understand this medicine is relatively new and very expensive.  Not covered in some cases.  While I have been on it only 3 weeks, I experience insomnia.  Have to take Tylenol PM. Feeling cold all the time.  Cramps haveincreased in leg, knees and hand mostly at night.  Unable towalk as much without muscle pains.  Take 5mg daily. Hopethis helps.
I was taking Tri-Sprintec birth Control pills for almost 5 years, last year I started having irregular periods, last visit Dr told me to continue with the package regularly... yesterday I found out I am pregnant maybe 3+ weeks according to Clear Blue HPT
I have had difficulty with hormonal depression which is why I thought it was prescribed.  It stopped my night sweats immediately, now 17 days in, my depression is a little worse.  Feeling sad and tired.  Not for me but enjoyed the relief from night sweats while it lasted.
This drug no longer works for me because of a job loss. I have gone down hill ever since I lost my job in early September 2009.
have taken Simvastin 80mg for eight years. Cholestrol level is down and stable. I wake up some nights around 3pm.wide awake.I get irritable and angry at times..high tummy pains.some days the need to urinate quite often.I didnt realise until reading information here that it may be the statins causing these side effects. All in all im happy with the results.
Although Testim works well the smell is something fierce. I liked the smell at first but realized it 's an entity in itself and was with me and the family 24/7. I switched to Androgel.
Lyrica works very well with pins, needles, tingling and numbness. The negative side effects were &quot;loopiness&quot;, and inability to feel full after eating. I gained 40 lbs very quickly.
My doc gave me the sample pack today he told me out of all the contraception  pills this one has very little estrogen which causes the unwanted effects I 've been having since getting my iud almost a year ago.  I 'm looking forward to starting it and getting my iud removed in 2 weeks. For the girls complaining about 10 pound weight gain I don 't recommend getting the mirena as in the past year I 've gained over 50 pounds :O
Had my period May 6, had sex and the condom broke on May 20, took plan b within 8 hours. All my friends, sisters, cousins have taken plan b once in their life and it has always worked so of course I felt relieved.Apparently what no one tells you is that if you are already ovulating, plan b is not effective.Missed my period by a week and decided to go to the doctors to have a blood test done to confirm if I was pregnant. Just found out the news today-- I AM PREGNANT.
Using for a bout a year a fight to get it due to the cost.  It 's swings and roundabouts and  at least I can work now but think I have become more argumentative. I think if I was a bit older I would not take it. Any one looking to take it don 't let anyone put you off its different for everyone.  P.S when my consultant said one of the side effects was hair loss think she was joking with me because last time I had a hair cut was in the 90 's!
Got mine inserted on December 31,08. Have had problem since. I have a headache every other day. I will spot for four days then period for 20 days. This has been going on since I got it. Only good thing about it is I don 't have to worry about taking the pill. I cry for no reason and mood swing are crazy. I barely have a sex drive. I cannot take the bleeding, headache and mood swings.
I was prescribed Seroquel as an emergency anxiety medication several months ago. It definitely helps in a pinch, but it caused me to gain weight and made me very zombie-like. However, I do not have any of the conditions it is most prescribed for so I 'm not sure how well it works for everyone else.
Took Enbrel  with methotrexate for four years and it worked great. Developed optic neuritis in right eye and discontinued it. Optic neuritis is inflamation of the optic nerve and is one of the neurological disorder side effects of the drug. Changed diet to eliminate red meat and poultry and sugar and take natural supplements.
I 've been using Epiduo for just under a week now, I 've suffered with acne for as long as I can remember. On the first night I saw a significant difference and my skin improved quite a bit, the second night my skin burned majorly after putting on the cream, but i left it on because i 'd read this was normal, and the next day my face just looked like it had been sunburned. I switched face wash 's too - Cetaphil as it 's non-comedogenic, this soothed my skin a lot. I 've used it the same way every night and so far my skin is just breaking out more, but I 'm hoping if I stay persistent it will clear, I 've read this is the  'purging ' stage! I will write another review when it 's been 8-12 weeks.
Great medicine but I cannot stop gaining weight
This BC is not bad to be honest. I mean, this is the first one I have ever tried but I will be coming off completely in the next month. I workout and eat right for the most part and I have gained 7lbs on this BC in less than 3 months. It is concerning and I would like to discontinue. Also, I have noticed less hair growth, which I think is great but now for others. I also, noticed more migraines and more acne. I have had more depressing thoughts and way more mood swings- which I think is almost normal on BC. However, I really don 't want to have tender breasts and significant weight gain and be a crazy person. Different for everyone I suppose.. but not pregnant.. so that 's a plus.I also got my period twice a month on this and both bad .
Currently 21 years old, I switched to Tri-Sprintec about 1 year ago due to cost reasons, and honesty I should have stayed on Loestrin 24 Fe. My experience with this pill was negative, aside from the fact that I have not gotten pregnant. I cry at inappropriate times, I 'm moody and I 've gained weight.(On the Loestrin I was losing weight). This pill was not for me.
Been on it for a week now and lost 8 pounds already, only thing is I think my body is getting use to the pill because the first three days It was hard to eat and now I 'm starting to crave food again.
I am on my 9th day of Chantix which is up to the 1 mg pills twice a day now. The first week taking Chantix I smoked 3 cigarettes to &quot;finish off the pack&quot;, and hated every single puff. I actually ended up putting the cigarettes out after 2-3 puffs. The smell was disgusting, and the taste was awful. I still have cravings to smoke, but know that it won 't do me any good to buy another pack. Waste of money because I won 't smoke them. However,the side effects are EXTREMELY intense for me. I have had EXTREME ANGER outbursts, and very severe depression. My stomach hurts after taking the pill, and I just want to roll up in a ball. I think I could quit taking the pill now and be smoke free to lessen the psychotic episodes, but I 'm really not sure.
Received one shot for three full months. Nearing the end . Major side effects were the hot flashes and some weird feeling of uneasiness. I would not take it again. Hot flashes are not cool.  Just had ultrasound and will be seeing doctor soon to see if shot was a success in killing cysts. The drug may work but wow all these side effects.
I have been dealing with depression since 1990 and run the whole inventory of SSRI 's available.  Prozac was effective the first 2 years then became ineffective. The only drug that has helped me for an extended period of time was Paxil.  Paxil eventually became ineffective after 5 years. So the wonder drug Cymbalta comes on the scene and I thought I had finally found the magical cure. I 've been on 60 mg of Cymbalta for about a year and once again the roof is caving in and very abruptly. This past week I 've been suicidal for 3 days.  Why? The circumstances in my life that so often can trigger anxiety or depression are the same as always.  How can an SSRI become instantaneously ineffective?  I 'm not raving about Cymbalta any longer.
Worked wonders at the start.  Was up to 600mg a day.  I don 't eat the best  but I do think this did make me gain weight.  I live in the great white north but I struggled with balance, fell often, and also had trouble putting my thoughts into words.  These side effects are now gone now that I 'm off this.Balance and communication much better now that I 'm off.
Pros: Didn 't get pregnant, regular periods, no cramping, no weight lossCons: NO libido at all, heavy periods on the first two daysI have been on the pill, the shot, and Nuvaring. I would LOVE this birth control if it weren 't for the absence of libido on it. If you only want it regulate your period, I would suggest it.
I was told that I had to get two shots or else it could be potentially dangerous to be taken off of the shot. Three months later and a ton of anxiety attacks and bleeding, I 'm in the office going back on my pill. The worst thing I could 've ever possibly done to myself was this shot.
If my mania wasn 't a thing to be reckoned with, I 'd stop taking this. My hair has been thinning for the past year, and without Abilify in my combination of meds I 'm a total zombie.
Caused excess morning sleep.
I started this in mid October after I went off my old pill (LoLoestrin Fe) due to the fact I couldn 't afford it anymore and theres no generic. My reaction to this pill is odd....sometimes it gives me an insane intiatiable sex drive, and sometimes I have no drive at all. Sometimes I bleed/spot for 2.5 weeks, sometimes I bleed for 3 days. I have a little acne which is bothersome since I have PCOS and was hoping for this pill to get rid of the spots, but so far theres been no improvement. Sometimes get nausea and headaches, but not consistently. Had my first ever yeast infection after being on it for 2 weeks, none since.I 'll give this a few more months before I look into switching, since I may still just adjusting to it.
I had been diagnosed with pseudotumor cerebri when I was 10 years old. That was 16 years ago and have been taking DIAMOX on an off for that long.  I get very bothersome tingling that doesn 't go away, often waking at night with extremely painful tingling in my feet that causes me to have to get up. I get crippling headaches, that hurts when I even breathe, and the last time I was on the medication, the headaches got worse while I was taking it. I am currently back on the medicine and have to go to the bathroom every 10 minutes. I take 1000 mg a day and can no longer drink pop. Anyway, I have good and bad experience with the Diamox but the benefits to my eyes well outway  the inconvenience.
It makes me calm but I 'm tired all the time.
I use this for 2 days before  I was able to poop the 3rd day my stomach was cramping so bad and when I didn 't go to the bathroom I had to use a Enema to get relief because the poop was too large to come out on its own  but later that day I had no problems pooping twice.  The 4th day my stomach cramped so bad I did poop once, but the pain wasn 't worth it especially since before  these meds  I pooped more. But with these meds the pain is not worth taking it anymore.  The 5th day my stomach cramp all day. This pain is terrible when I drink or eat anything it cause pain to my stomach. I will not take this pill anymore. I need to feel better not cramping all day. I never had a problem with constipation before but my doctor recommended this because of the meds that I am taking.
I first got on Implanon after the birth of my daughter back in 2013, I 've always had anxiety &amp; I 'm young so I figured that everything was normal because many women have depression after giving birth, however, when I got back on the implant, (this time Nexplanon, in Feb 2016), I started feeling worse &amp; worse; panic attacks, dizziness &amp; nausea, now I 'm planning to have it taken out. It definitely did it 's job so I give it 5 stars &amp; I also barely ever bleed &amp; no cramps or weigh gain, but between the lowered sex drive &amp; the depression &amp; constant moodiness, it 's time for it to go.
I have implanon and I 'm not too sure I like it. It definitely has it 's pros and cons. I am 18 and decided to get Implanon.The insertion was not a big deal at all, and I particularly love the fact that I don 't have to worry about taking a pill everyday. I have not experienced any weight gain, or acne. I do though have some mood swings. I find myself irritated, and easily annoyed at times (but I was before I got this thing) also I have a lot of unexplained fatigue. I don 't know if it 's because it 's my senior year and I 'm stressed or if its this. I am hesitant to take it out. As for my period, I still get it. I was very irregular before Implanon, and still experience my periods irregularly, sometimes they are heavy, other times I just spot.
I have been on this birth control for two weeks. I had a Mirena IUD for 3 years, and I had it removed because I had low sex drive, pain from ovarian cysts, and I was getting frequent migraines. I was switched to Seasonique generic, Ashlyna, but it made me very nauseous and VERY hungry. I gained about 6 pounds in the first week. Since then, I was switched to Gildess and I am back down 6 pounds and feeling better. The only thing I noticed is that I did develop a large boil on my chin for the first few days, and I am unusually tired. I have spotted for about 10 days, and my breasts are a little sore maybe swollen. I have to be on birth control because I have severe endometriosis that has been removed twice. Anyone have a similar experience?
Worked very well however heed the warnings on the label. This product and I assume all with Oxymetazolene caused me shortness of breath, anxiety attacks, rapid heart beat and irregular rhythm. After 2 days my congestion worsened but was still relieved via Afrin however my concern for the side effects and label warning lead me to search for other products that would be able to be used more regularly and without causing said side effects. 
My GYN prescribed it. She said I could have unprotected sex seven days later. The first day I took it, I felt nauseous but I expected it because I did my research. I had unprotected sex on the eighth day- 4 days before my expected period. My period then was late. I thought I was pregnant but the tests results were negative. I then had a horrible migraine lasting for more than one week- on and off during the day. I never get migraines. My cramps were horrible and I felt like I was dying. I had really bad neck aches, back aches and leg aches. I was supposed to try it for 3 months then report to my GYN but I couldn 't do it. 
I was just diagnosed with lupus three years ago. Come to find out it was actually fibromyalgia. I am taking cymbalta, xanax, and meloxicam. I feel a huge different with the cymbalta. My nerve pains immediately went away. But if you go a day without it the withdrawals are horrid. Meloxicam helps to an extent. I feel a slight difference in my joint pains but I still feel so bad I cannot walk. I would love to see stronger pains medications with less addicting properties.
Chantix has proven to be very effective at curbing urges to smoke (I went from smoking about an average of 3/4 of a pack of cigarettes a day on and off for 23 years down to just 4-5 cigarettes a day a few days into taking Chantix. I am on day 4 now and really feel I can quit completely by day 8. The problem is that I have been getting weird side effects, not the common ones. I don 't get nausea hardly at all, or weird dreams. Instead I feel sort of out of body all the time, have difficulty concentrating, experience periodic agitation and blurry vision. My legs also feel very heavy. I can tell I am not myself. I plan on stopping the drug at 1mg a day dose ( blue pill) . I 'll quit on my quit date, with willpower and gum!
I used Mefloquine for Malaria prevention in India. While I was in India I didn 't experience any side effects, however after I returned to Canada I developed flu like symptoms such as chills, fatigue, diarrhea and loss of appetite. Several days after developing the flu like symptoms I developed a skin rash on my face and neck. It has now been a week and I still have congestion, diarrhea and the rash, but the rest of the flu symptoms have gone away.I seen my doctor immediately, however my doctor hasn 't told me to stop with the medication and we 're currently doing blood tests to monitor the side effects.
I gave it a rating of 5 for its effectiveness in preventing pregnancy. I only do withdrawal method with this. But the side effects are so awful. Possibly the worst I 've had with any brand. It is quite potent  I 'd tell you that. I get a lot of headaches, nausea and stomach discomforts for a week into starting a new pack, decreased libido, and in the beginning I 'm quite dry which is uhm, have never been an issue for me, I get so moody, stress is harder to deal with, I get anxiety attacks, I get so easily fatigued, and the combination of these 2 I just get so unmotivated into doing daily activities. It 's pretty bad. I 'm changing brands on my next cycle. Maybe a milder combination OCP.
I am 23 and have been on this pill for two years. My doctor gave me this pill for me for pelvic pain. When I started it, it helped with the pain almost immediately. My periods were much lighter and cramps were nowhere near as bad as they were. I gained a cup size in the first couple months which was nice. However I gained about 10lbs in about 3 or 4 months and another 5 by the end of the year. It is impossible to lose that weight while on this pill. I exercise continuously and the week of my period (placebo pills) I lose around 3 to 4lbs and before I can lose more I have to start a new pack and I gain it back. I also feel like I have an extra &quot;layer&quot; all over especially my hips and tummy. I also eat when I am full because of crazy food cravings.
I took this for both anxiety and pain.  It did not work as well as Effexor for anxiety but it helped keep away the bad anxiety attacks.  I had to take ativan several times a week where as on the Effexor I took it once or twice a week.  I changed to the Cymbalta hoping it would help with my chronic pain and it did significantly.  The only bad side effect I have had is higher body temperature and sweating.  I am currently researching other medications just because of this side effect.  If you anxiety is mild to moderate and you have chronic pain I think this is a good option if you dont experience the sweating.  My anxiety was a little to much for this drug to handle alone and I cant handle the sweating and &quot;hot flashes&quot;
I am 66 and have been taking Zetia 10 for nearly 5 years now. I had previously taken Zocor, Mevacor, and Crestor consecutively over a period of about 15 years, each giving me severe muscle pain in my feet and legs. At one point, the pain in my arches was so bad that one doctor diagnosed the problem as plantar fasciitis and recommended surgery. That 's when I stopped taking any statins and within a couple of months, the pain was completely gone. When I started taking Zetia, I saw no adverse side effects and my bad cholesterol went down a little. About a year ago, I started having pain and weakness in my legs when standing up or climbing stairs. Now, I 'm have pain in my left calf and heel and occasionally in my left arm, shoulder and back.
Side effects....hoarseness. No appetite..fatigue...stomach upset.  Have been on metropolol which caused shortness of breath.  Still trying to find something without so many side effects.  
I had what I thought was going to be a normal period, (my periods have always been heavy), until it just never stopped. It got so bad I had palm size clots and bleeding so bad I had to use cut up towels with three pads. I made a trip to the ER, all blood work was normal. I already was taking 135mg of iron and vitamin c, so I wasn 't anemic even though I was bleeding so bad. They sent me home with a prescription of Provera 10mg once a day. It slowed the bleeding down but never stopped it completely. Was referred  to an endocrinologist, I 'm due to have a ultrasound to check for fibroids, but have to have a endometrial biopsy. I was still on provera way past the 10 days it caused shortness of breath and bad weight gain. I had to stop it.
It help with less migraines but I lost a ton of weight I usually was at 130-135  but Topamax I was at 112-115. I never had an appetite
Run away. This med have me hives and nausea , kept thinking it would go away. I can 't take it anymore. Sort of helped with anxiety but not totally.
I have been taking this medicine for 2 days and feel absolutely horrible. My mouth keeps watering, I have a metallic taste, can 't eat, feel like I 'm going to throw up and fast heartbeat 
I have used this in wound care for 10 yrs; it is to flush the wound if the infection gets nasty smelling and or thick drainage. But do consult a doctor.
I am now on day 5 of Acamprosate, First two days I felt amazing. especially on the first day taking the tablets gave me such a hyper rush. same on the second day and I had no cravings whatsoever, even sat with my flatmates who were drinking and had no desire to drink at all I was elated. Until it came to the 3rd day and I spent half the day itching for a drink until I got home, ate lots of junk food and had my tablets- then I felt fine again. But on the 4th day no amount of junk food, squash, taking my tablets... I itched for a drink up until I fell asleep. Has anyone else experienced this? I notice about 5min after I take the tablet I feel really high and hyper, it then wears off until I take my next dosage again.
Been on 25mg for about 5 weeks. Nothing changing so I 'm taking 37.5mg--1-1/2 pills. Just on my 4th day. And still not noticing anything. Had dry mouth for a few days, and my sleep is a little restless. Suffered from this depression going on 8 years. I 'm 32 years old. I 've heard that 50mg is the therapeutic dose. So that 's where I 'm headed, I 'm determined to beat this. Any advice would be greatly appreciated. Also I 've been so scared of side effects, especially falling deeper into this abyss of sadness and loneliness. But I must prevail.
I have been on it for 5 days, 2 squirts each arm. On day 3 I started feeling nausea. Day 4 I only did 1 squirt each arm and still felt the same. Day 5 I did not take any. Will try again tomorrow. My levels were 167 and I am 38 years old. I was tired all the time, gained weight, bad mood, not very happy doing things I used to enjoy. I really want this to work because I want to feel normal again. Still trying to get used to the application, works better if you use a hair dryer, dries a lot faster.
I was prescribed this for pneumonia.  I have asthma also, so this didn 't do much for my awful cough.  And it tastes like rubbish  I will be going back to request Tussionex tomorrow
This is my 3rd time getting BV In a row each time I take the metronidazole is about the same it will clear up the infection for a good two weeks maybe three then it will come back. Never really had any bad side affects with the drug but I 'm pretty sure it 's time to get a different corse of treatment bc this isn 't working.
I 've been on the ring for 6 months. Before that I was on the &quot;ortho tri cyclen lo&quot; pills for almost a year. For the first 4 months I was raving about it to everyone who brought up birth control, be it customers, friends, family, etc. Things have changed since, my sex drive is low, I 'm an emotional trainwreck for no reason. It 's nice not having to worry about it everyday and it 's been great at preventing pregnancy. Now it 's harder to just put those negative things aside when I feel like it 's affecting my relationship and myself emotionally. But I 'm still deciding whether to stop using it because I don 't want to just use condoms now since I 'm not open to taking any other hormonal birth control at this moment.
I have currently been changed from Lortab 10 to Endocet 10 for herniated discs and I find that it helps the pain but makes me very tired and easily irritated. I can be fine one second and the next I want to punch someone then I 'm crying. Although the Lortab wasn 't as effective for the pain it didn 't make me tired or crazy. I have 2 kids so I need to be on top of my game at all times. I also found it very hard to keep awake after taking these.
I 'm 18 and was told I have arthritis about 10 months ago Plaquenil worked after the first couple of weeks but one major side effect is Mouth Ulcers and at times I 've been in so much pain with them I couldn 't eat. But then the alternative one said it could make my hair fall out (and that is not an option at my age)
I have been taking Zoloft for about a month and a half now. I have noticed severe loss of appetite and I have been vomiting after I take the medication (even with the consumption of food). I have also been dizzy and more tired throughout the day. I also experienced low sex drive, slight memory loss and lack of motivation. On the upside, I haven 't had any panic attacks, thoughts of suicide, and I have not cried since taking the medication.
I got liletta in July 2016, with two shots of toradol I still had a horrible experience with the insertion. I have never felt anything so painful. I constantly have mild cramping, pain with sex, and made me break out like crazy. The only nice things I have gotten from this is obviously no pregnancy and I 've had one period since July that lasted 3 days. I 'm getting this taken out on Thursday due to the painful cramping everyday.
I had the Implanon inserted three weeks ago. Insertion was equivalent to getting a shot in the gums at the dentist office after they numbed me I just felt pressure. I started my first period on the Implanon it came a week early. If you 've ever kept taking the birth control pills continuously to miss a period and you still had your period that 's what it 's like so far. It 's light, but it 's probably going to be long. I had really heavy periods, so hopefully it stays light and shortens up.
Diabetic for 17 years. On Metformin 2000mg, Sitagliption 50 mg and Glimperide 2 mg. A1C is 6.5. Weight 200 lbs. Started Invokana 100mg last week once daily. Primary reason to start this to see if any weight loss is possible and to eventually stop glimperide and if possible Sitagliptin. No problems so far except a some increase in urine output, which is expected. Hence giving a rating of 5. I will repost after 3 months with any weight loss  and A1C numbers. The drug is relatively cheap in India, around $25 for thirty 100 mg tablets that lasts a month.
No side effects besides the fact that after a year of taking it nonstop, I started to have major mood swings. 
I take this medicine for unexplained seizures. The doctor said they were caused by severe panic attacks. I don 't know. It has helped a lot. But the side effects are terrible. Stomach burning, nausea, itching, drowsiness, and much more. I take 1000mg dose.
I was very nervous to take this because of the reviews, but my UTI symptoms were so bad I had to try, especially since I 'm allergic to sulfa. The first 3 doses I had no side effects so I was very happy, but then the last 3 were not so good. Lots of stomach cramps and my fibromyalgia nerve pain (which had been dormant for 2+ months) came back worse than it had ever been, shooting pains in my hands and down my legs, my knee gave out when I was walking and I 'm only 24 years old so it was very surprising to suddenly fall. The UTI symptoms are gone now though so I 'm happy about that, I just hope the nerve pain goes away again.
This was my first time on birth control. At the beginning typical symptoms occurred such as nausea and spotting, but after a couple of weeks these symptoms faded away. I didn 't have a problem with acne before occasionally it will flare up when my period was about to come or stress, but I noticed that it has cleared up my face and my back significantly. I rate this birth control a 5 because even though it has helped preventing pregnancy and regulating my period, every month I would get a yeast infection. The yeast infection got so bad that my doctor had to prescribe medication for it to go away Monistat as a treatment was out of the question. I was on this pill for four months.
I am hearted by the 6 reviews. I have just started on Deplin. I have been on Remeron for two years. I cannot tolerate serotonin type medicines such as Prozac, Lexapro. Remeron worked beautifully at first but effects have slowly worn off and my anxiety and mild depression returned. I pray Deplin will work for me and I can regain my enthusiasm and joy in life. I am happy for those of you who have been helped. Wish me luck.
I got the Mirena January 2016. The insertion wasn 't painful (I had a baby in November if that matters) I bled for 3 months straight. And the cramps were very painful I hated it. Sex is super painful for me and I can 't do it for long at all. I get headaches almost everyday, and I 'm very moody. BUT, this birthcontrol is 100% effective for me considering I use no protection with my boyfriend and he doesn 't use the pull out method. And I have gained alot of weight since I got it. Im debating on getting it removed but Im scared of ending up pregnant again so Im sticking with it for now!
I was put on Zoloft for Major Depression and General Anxiety Disorder after my baby was born about a year ago.  In general, it helped with my mood swings not being so intense, but I also found, over time, that it did not help me in stressful situations and I actually was more aggressive while taking Zoloft.  I have also gained weight on this medication and am now 30lbs over my average weight.  Some other side-effects have been dry mouth, anxiety in the mornings, more agitation, and an increase in anxiety-soothing habits (such as picking, scratching, obsessing over flaws, etc).  After taking Zoloft for a year, I 've found that it 's not really helping with my depression or especially my anxiety anymore. 
Getting it put in was painful and felt like bad cramps but it wasn 't to bad.  I was very informed and had very heavy periods before getting it done.  I got it put in 3/09/16 and now that it 's 4/30/16 I haven 't stopped spot bleeding or cramping.  I have another appointment on the 8th to cut my strings further.
I was prescribed Keflex (Cephalexin) after having surgery to prevent infection, and wanted to add to the list of side effects.  They do not mention acid reflux, which I had every time I took the capsule (4 times a day, for 10 days). Also women need to take a probiotic while on this medication as it decreases natural flora and you can get yeast infection. I learned this the hard way by not eating enough yogurt while on this medication and not taking any probiotics. Just wanted to give a heads up and hopefully spare many women this highly uncomfortable experience.
I was seeking long term birth control so that I would be able to not have to worry about taking a pill every day. Unfortunately because I have anxiety already this hormone made it really hard for me to live normally. Extremely effective in terms of keeping me not pregnant but was just really hard for me to deal with mood swings and started effecting my relationships and lifestyle. I am having it taken out in a week and getting the Paragard IUD to try something else out for a change. This might be the right birth control for you, sometimes you have to try things out to see what works best!
Switched to Letrozole and Ibrance from Xgeva and Denosobaum April 2015The weight gain, hair loss and depression are an impending deal breaker. Sorry. Cant live like this.
I have been on Lyrica for the past 8 months, I have fibromyalgia and pain was unbearable. It was amazing at first as I could finally sleep. Over the few months however I have had increased swelling in my joints and gained 15 lbs with no change in eating habits. I started feeling confused with memory loss, then two weeks ago I started feeling suicidal. I did not ever suffer from depression but could not get the thought of just taking a bottle of pills. Due to my experience of working with mental health I knew something was not right so I am now working at reducing Lyrica and going off of it . I think it was amazing for the pain but not worth the risk with the change in my mental state.
Works splendidly when first prescribed but over time loses it 's effectiveness and one develops a tolerance to it 's effectiveness.  Due to it 's short half-life in the body, it peters out quite quickly ( /- 2 hours).  Would not recommend long-term treatment with this medicine (&gt;6 months).
Works okay, gives average relief.
I 'm prescribed tramadol 50mg every 4 hours as needed. I 'm only 22 with a herniated disc/pinched nerve, scoliosis and suffer neuorpathic pain. I will admit these help the neuropathy condition; however, I need to take 4-5 at a time. I don 't see how one or 2 could help, but it could just be my tolerance. If you 're working a physical job with serious herniated disc issues I wouldn 't expect much help from these and would stay on hydrocodone or oxycodone. If some sort of neuropathy condition, I 'd give these a try. I only go on these for a week or 2 at a time then take a break to avoid withdrawals. Eat something after taking these to avoid an upset stomach. I 'd still MUCH rather take hydrocodone for pain to be honest.
Be careful when you take this! The first time I popped a blue pill, my tongue felt itchy and tingled. I thought nothing of it. Gradually, I had noticed that my reproductive organs were acting up, but I thought it would just go away. It got to the point where they were so sore, I couldn 't use tampons without being in constant pain. (Not to mention I had a strange clear discharge that would soak through the tampon leaking through my pants and staining the chair at work... That was fun. My gyno didn 't know what it was, which was comforting.) 3 months into it and with the mentality that everything would just go away with continued use, I broke into hives everywhere on my body: inside my ears, all over my tongue, everywhere you can think of.
I have been taking Abilify for a week. It has already taken the edge off the rages.  However, am still experiencing high anxiety.  My family says I am calmer so that is deinitely a plus.  I feel tired and wired at the same time - it is a weird feeling.  I am very paranoid.  I was paranoid before but this seems to have made it worse. But I am only on 2 mg 's. At least the rages are better.  I am hopeful that this medication along with help from my doctor will be enough to get my life back.
I have been taking 100mg of Savella per day for about 6 weeks. Many of the side effects have subsided at this point and my fibromyalgia pain is minimal. However, my anxiety and moodiness has only increased. I occasionally take clonazepam, but it 's so sedating and addictive, I don 't want to take more than the prescribed 1mg per day. The first time in 10 years I have had minimal pain, but the anxiety and agitation are crippling at times.
Kinda late getting in the loop here, but I started on wellbutrin sr 150mg for major depression then was increased to 300mg after finding the 150 was minimally helping. Was having some generalized anxiety but evidently wasn 't bad enough during the assessment period while in outpatient treatment to warrant a diagnosis for it. After OP treatment the 300mg was helping some for the depression, but not as much as would like so I was increased to 450mg. Up until that point the anxiety bit was pretty manageable, but after about a week or so on 450mg my anxiety started to skyrocket. I didn 't feel much more help on the depression side at 450mg though. However, with the heightened anxiety I went back to 300mg. Talked to my primary doc who seemed to think that the Wellbutrin shouldnt have much effect on anxiety  (despite conflicting evidence to the contrary I 've read online on multiple sites) so he put me on celexa 10mg as well recently for the anxiety and notified my therapist as well. Not been on the celexa long enough yet to see how much it helps, but it has made me somewhat queezy as was communicated as a side effect of celexa. So the short of it is my anxiety didn 't get real bad until going from 300mg to 450mg of wellbutrin and the depression has only had limited help going from 150mg to 300mg to even 450mg. I guess we 'll see how well both celexa 10mg and wellbutrin Sr 300mg work for me for the anxiety and depression.
Just increased from 20mg to 40mg 4 days ago. Can 't tell if I 'm feeling any better. Also on Zyprexa for treatment resistant depression and Ativan which appears to have stabilized my anxiety. Will continue talking Prozac and give it the full 8 weeks before making any changes. So far it 's the Ativan that seems to be working the best for me. Been dealing with this illness for over 15 years and have been on it seems like most of the medications available.
I was experiencing a lot of discharge, itching and burning. The doctor verified that I had a vaginal bacterial infection.  The Metronidazol Tab 500 mg tablet was given to me for 7 days.  I feel sick to my stomach and dizzy most of the time.  The left side of my face feels a little numb.  The taste in my mouth is awful, but I chew gum to counteract it. I have 2 doses to take yet, and find it hard to swallow because of there is no coating on the tablets. Hopefully it did it 's job without causing any other problems.
My entire body itches. I stopped taking it for 2 days and no itching. Started again and the itching started again.
Why would one take a medication for abdominal pain when one of the side effects is abdominal pain.
5 or10mg  works for muscle spasms but Dangerous if taken during daytime. Caused uncontrolled drowsiness,  deep sleep, difficulty waking up, constipation, blurred vision and sudden unbearable  headaches leaving me unable to function. (5 or 10 MG doses were same effects) Lost a new job just 2 months after  starting due to not realizing it was this medication 's side effects of: blurred vision,  migraines &amp; exhaustion.  I was unable to keep up with workload and didn 't relate it to Flexeril because I had been on it many years ago when I was much younger.  I tried to explain to my PCP  but some docs just don 't listen.  I have since stopped flexeril, no more headaches!
2x500mg a day for 7 days. Plus: Immediate clearing up of BV first day of taking. Must take with food! Downside: Came down with nausea, headaches, difficulty swallowing, mouth ulcers, difficulty sleeping, fogginess, and extreme fatigue. I 'll opt for the localized gel next time. I used it once before, with great success (minus clumpy discharge which is no biggie) and none of these crazy flu-like symptoms!
I was prescribed Zocor back in January 2011 and after about two weeks of taking the medication I experienced changes that was unusual.  My heart was racing so I stopped. After visiting my doctor to have my blood pressure checked, I informed her that I haven 't been taking the medication.  She was not happy and requested I schedule another blood test to check my cholesterol which I did.  A few days after the test she put me back on Zocor which I have been taking  March 10th.  Since starting back on Zocor, I have experienced not sleeping through the night and continuous burping.  I am not very good about exercise and have a problem with my diet so I do need some type of medication. 
My husband takes this drug and at first it was a Godsend...now he has learned how to use it also to his advantage. He now takes it on rare occasions and it does not seem to make much difference if he drinks or not. This drug really only works if it is taken everyday at almost the same time...a day without and my husband can drink all he wants, with no side affects at all.
I gained 45 pounds last year due to a broken bone in my foot which led to an eventual removal. I was not able to walk for 10 months. I 've been on this pill since August and I 'm only down 5.2 I 'm 5.4 ' and 181 I need help I am so upset. I get a caffeine type high and usually have some extra energy. My appetite is surpressed for sure. What else can I do? I have a joint disease and a muscular disease also. It 's so hard to move around some days. I am feeling prisoner in my own life
Works well with mood swings and hot flashes.  Side effects are not that great for me, I have dizziness and sore breasts, however both seem to be dissipating as I go through my first month 's doses.
I just started the medication this morning. I am 5 '2 and weigh 293. So far I haven 't been very hungry however as soon as I ate lunch I felt like I crashed but was still wide awake. So far I have had some dry mouth, a headache and nausea. My husband went through the same thing when he first started. Hopefully it goes away quick!
I recent began Fentynal Patches am on 37.5 Mylan.  With a piggyback or b/t med of only Norco 5/325 twice daily .  Im sorry but if this is supposed to be the strongest we have out there I am disappointed.   I at one time was on or taking all vic meaning 7.5 as well as 10mg then percocet Percocet a joke.My body per saliva swab test don 't recall name indicates my body metabolizes quickly.  How long shall I wait to tell the Nurse Practioner Pain specialist this isn 't working.  Sure lightheaded all Narcotics begin that way, however pain still 7-8 what do I need to do?  Only been on this dose second day I was on 25 mg she increased.
I am on Gabapentin for nerve damage due to chemotherapy.I am now up to 600mg 3 times a day.  I am not having a lot of relief and have a lot of dizziness, joint pain headaches, and unsteadiness.
Tried all these different medicines and found vyvanse XR worked perfect Until insurance didn&rsquo;t cover it anymore so I took Concerta and that basically made my heart rate go up to 170 BPM and it was ridiculous so I tried a newer medication evekeo and it&rsquo;s good but causes a hell of a withdrawal including anger  diarrhea dizziness nausea loss of appetite but for the most part it&rsquo;s good
My doctor prescribed me this birth control to help with the pain of endometriosis as  mine was getting to be very painful. The first couple months were rough, nausea, vomiting, terrible mood swings to the point of crying at commercials! I stuck with it though and eventually levelled out. It really helped with my periods and the pain to the point that I went from calling off work for periods to barely noticing them! They lasted 4 days and were not heavy or terribly crampy. BUTTTT..... I have been on it for about 2 years and now I am getting side effects again in the form of terrible head aches every day, zero sex drive and terrible cramps during and in between periods. Also my periods have gotten heavy again so I am going off it.
i have been on minastrin for 3 months after switching from the nuva ring (big mistake) i am constantly bloated on this pill, which is the most frustrating part. I have gained 10 pounds and i work out 6 days a week and eat extremely clean. i am going off this pill for fear that this weight gain will continue (my friend gained 20 pounds!) i am often achy and have many nights of restless sleeping. i have suffered from depression in the past so that might have something to do with the occasional moodiness. overall, bc is different for everyone but I 'm getting off this pill.
The medicine is great for my acne.  But, the headaches are really bad! In addition to the pain, my concentration is off and I end up with multiple periods.  I am really looking for help on how to combat the headaches so I can actually take the drug for an extended period!
So I have had nexplanon for 2 months now, this is the first bc Ive ever taken, so all is new to me. The 1st wk was no problem, the next 3 wks I had some acne &amp; sever breast pain, massive breast swelling &amp; also mood swings. I have had a pd (super light dark spotting) once and it lasted 3 weeks, but since had no other spotting. I got acne when my second pd was supposed to happen, but no bleeding. tbh everything is actually really awesome however, my moods &amp; anxiety are ABSOLUTELY terrible. I have had anxiety issues &amp; currently take medicine, but lord, this is severe. I have never felt this bad, I have ZERO control over my emotions. I constantly feel crazy and will have moods without reason. Idk if I should take it out or soilder through. :/
I had started taking this medication quite a few years ago. About 4 to be exact and it wasn 't until about 1 year ago that I started to see a HUGE difference in my skin. I have extremely unbareble dry skin now that just flakes off and flakes off and flakes off. I moisturize everyday constantly but it just gets worse and there 's nothing that helps it. Does anyone else experience this problem? I just want to know if it is the medication because I have not had dry skin my whole life and want to make sure that it will go away when I get off of it..
I would have to agree with the majority of the posts that it burns like hell when you take it. I took it at 11pm on Wednesday night, woke up at 2 am in complete and utter agony from burning and itching, it literally brought me to tears! Luckily I had this forum to ensure me that other women experienced the same, so I tried to just sleep it off. In the morning the itching and burning had DEFINITELY gone down, I was so relieved. The box says even though it 's one dose, it still take a few days to completely clear up. Each day has felt progressively better. It 's now Saturday and I feel pretty much back to normal, with a few little itches here and there, but only if i 'm really focusing on it. Hopefully by tomorrow it should be completely gone!
I have had the hot flashes, and the weight gain. Not much of the other side effects so far. Not willing to keep gaining the weight, talked to my oncologist but he says the weight gain is not from the Arimidex.  I know better, I have always been very very careful with my weight and going on this medication is the only time I have had the weight gain.  I stopped it for 5 weeks and lost, went back on the Arimidex and the weight came back. I work out 5 to 7 days a week so I am very active. 
I haven 't gotten pregnant yet, but around the same time I started taking Gianvi (switched from Yaz to save money) I lost 10 lbs and cannot seem to gain it back no matter how much I eat.  My acne is also back, which I really dislike.  Not sure if I will actually switch back though since I am a college student and $20 more every three months is a lot for me.
I was a bit scared of using this gel at first as I read the reviews first. I went to a  clinic for an STD check which came back I had BV. The lady gave me a little chat and handed me a box called zidoval. The first night I used it it interacted with my bipolar medication and made me feel unwell. Fast pounding heart beat, nausea, dizziness. Then the next 4 nights I used it without and felt fine. I ate before using it which made a difference. As far as the BV symptoms no discharge no smell after 2nd night. Tonights my last night using it and I feel okay at the moment
I was bleeding for 10 days and it got crazy heavy. I went to the doctor and she prescribed 30mg/ day for 7 days and then taper down to 20 for 7 day, then 10 for 7 days. This seems really crazy!  Has anyone ever heard of this dose being prescribed?
First I will say that I 've read about the expense. Walmart charged $250 for 60 films (1 month) &amp; I took nucynta for years at $1600 a month so price wise, it is one of the cheap ones...With that said, I have CPS (chronic pain syndrome), spasmodic torticollis (cervical dystonia), DDD (degenerative disc disease), bulging &amp; herniated cervical discs, carpel tunnel &amp; chronic migraines.  I 've tried Tylenol, t3, ibuprofen, norco, vicodin, percocet, flexiril, skelaxin, baclofen, zanaflex (BEST muscle relaxer), opana, nucynta (worked the best &amp; fo a few years vs months before drug tolerance. Currently on nucynta &amp; belbuca, lowering one, upping other.  Pain is worse but tolerable. Nausea is my worst issue. Im not at a high enough dose for relief yet
I 've had severe anxiety and depression for many years and have tried many meds. For me, BuSpar wasn 't very effective, even at the maximum dose of 60mg/day. It also caused me very restless legs at night, which was extremely troublesome. I couldn 't lie still for even ten seconds. I also got brain zaps. My doctor thinks I should remain on BuSpar, so these days I take only 10mg/day as a backup to my other meds. I don 't have the side effects at the lower dose.
Pros: this drug gave me an energy boost that felt like it lifted my depression and increased my metabolism. My sleep schedule was normal, people said I was friendlier, and I had consistent appetite for healthy food.Cons: this drug took away my ability to have intimacy and perform any kind of exercise other than simple running on a treadmill. I could not play sports with any of my friends, because I would get lightheaded and faint, especially in the heat. I could not have a complete orgasm, and so that pretty much ruined sex for me.In summary, it treated several of my depression symptoms, but the things I had to give up due to side effects were not worth it. By the way, these side effects are a very common occurrence, not a surprise.
I have major insomnia due to other medications I am required to take. Doctor has me taking 30mg of Ambien before bed. It is GREAT for helping me to fall asleep but it does not keep me asleep.
I have been on Abilify for about 5 months now. It works wonders for my OCD but it makes me restless and non-emotional. It might sound good to not be emotional but when I say that I mean happiness too. It numbs me. I have also gained 15 pounds and so I am coming off the medicine slowly.
I am/was taking this medicine to combat nausea from post chemo treatments and I found that it did give me a headache and I could not stand the taste it left in my mouth when the medicine disintegrated on my tongue. 
Very painful insertion. I am 42, with 5 children and still say this was a quick but painful decision. My 18 yr old daughter had it done same day, and i terribly regret this for her. The both of us have had bleeding, on/off cramping and stomach pain (moderate to awful), ever since. I wish I 'd looked into other options. I do NOT recommend this for anyone who hasn 't experienced child birth. The insertion pain and after cramping is just too much!! Its been 3 wks so hoping it gets better for us.
I was prescribed four 500mg tablets to take at once to treat itch. I made sure to take them close to bed time so I can sleep thru the cramping and nausea. Took with a pepsi so I could mask the taste. Odor is gone next morning. I took some probiotics with the pill to lessen my chances of catching a yeast infection from the antibiotic. Discharge and itch still present. I will  update later  on the  effectiveness  of this treatment after a week.
I am into week 3 now, haven 't had a smoke in a week. When I was smoking, i became very ill. I still get very sick to my stomach, dizzy, constipated, gas, metallic taste in my mouth, everything           smells bad, and my skin is super sensitive. I don 't think I would have been able to quit without it, but I don 't think I need it anymore.
I tried Saxenda for 15 days and I did fine, minor symptoms. Since my insurance did not cover it I waited 2 month to purchase the medicine. I started the first week at 1.2 then move to 1.8 but on the second day I began to had a lot of burping and upset stomach with growling, last night I felt terrible but after burping and using the bathroom I felt better. I purchased 2 boxes (10 pens) and I am on my first and about to quit. One thing I should mention is that I ate more yesterday than I normally will on this medicine, which was a concerned since it should help manage hunger. Hope someone can help me if you had the same symptoms and got better, I would like to stay on it  least until I finish what I purchased. Thanks
I have taken dulcolax a few times due to me suffering with ibs and constipation. I take 2 tablets at bedtime and they normally work around 12 hrs later. I normally have cramps with the bm and hot sweats but these don 't bother me to much as I know it passes after visiting the loo. Last night I took 2 and nothing has happened yet 15.5 hrs later. Can  anyone recommend anything else.
I believe you guys are taking the medicine without food on your stomach or not enough. I haven 't had 1 of the side effects you guys named. I 'm on my 7th day I 'm feeling fine. I 'm taking it for an ear infection haven 't had a flare up since.
Relieves some fibromyalgia pain, but causes weight gain and fatigue. Does nothing for muscle spasms.
I was on this less than a year ago and it really cleared up my face to the best it 's ever been. My face became really smooth though, it was a bit drying. I stopped using it for a few months and broke out a lot, now I 'm trying to use it again and it doesn 't seem to be working.
Only on day 1 and like everyone else experienced insane itching and discomfort upon application. Seriously thought about scraping it out with a Q-tip, but after a lil Google searching, found throwing an ice pack between my legs and lying down, SO MUCH BETTER! Honestly I figured I 'd suffer through it to get rid of the infection. But it 's so much more bearable when you ice your lady parts.
I am going to start this medication tonight and by reading these reviews I am so hopeful. Thank you to everyone who has posted the good and the bad!
Female, 26, SW: 209Currently on week 3 of Contrave. I 've experienced all of the bad side effects (dry mouth, insane nausea, trouble sleeping at night, drowsiness during the day, vomiting, mental fogginess, severe dizziness, some anxiety, and weird dreams). Started to feel better by end of 2nd week, still dizzy but not debilitating. Usually workout 4x/week and can 't because of dizziness. Increased to 3/day yesterday and the side effects are almost as bad as 1st week. I have noticed I don 't have the cravings I usually do and can say no to food. However, I am still pretty hungry throughout the day. I 'm hoping the side effects will go away and this will begin working. Will update when I have weighed in. Don 't think I 've lost any weight.
Vimpat has been doing a great job at stopping seizures.  In fact I might even get to drive!  However, it seems to cause great difficulty in remembering words and expressing ones self.  Having previously been a great public speaker this is frustrating as now I cannot really talk without waving my hands around for a long time or saying &quot;that one thing&quot; or &quot;uhhhhh&quot;.  Typing is greatly slowed as I can 't remember words.  Forgetting things when not talking is also a problem.  Problems with coordination are also apparent.
Took this medicine for a horrible horrible HORRIBLE kidney infection. Worked within 2 days and cleared up all of my symptoms, which was such a relief. I was told to finish off the bottle by my doctor, and the next day I developed a horrible case if the hives. I stopped taking the medicine immediately, but the hives stuck around for another 3 days. What a miserable week! So, Bactrim worked wonders for my kidney infection, but little did I know I was severely allergic to it. Take with caution.
My right hip and pelvis were both surgically modified when I was 5 years old. 30 years later here I was in so much pain I could no longer sleep and I was starting to have thoughts of hurting it worse just for that few seconds of relief immediately after. I went to the doctors and tried way many pain killers until he put me on Cymbalta 1 cap 1 a day and 60mg Oxycontin 3 times a day. This worked well other than the super low energy add some Dexedrine and I was good to go but now almost a year later it has stopped working. 
Having been on almost every blood pressure lowering medicine over the past 7 years and had side effects with them all - ranging from extreme tiredness, depression, weight gain (probably due to tiredness), sleeping problems, etc. I have found Losartan to be quite good - as it does not make me tired or cause any other problems. In fact, it has helped with water retention.  I am a forty year old female whose high blood pressure is stress related - with highest blood pressure readings being around 190/120 (yep, quite high).  I take 100mg of Losartan and my blood pressure is now 140/90, hopefully will reduce further in time. I have no complaints about Losartan, just glad I do not feel constantly tired as with all other blood pressure medicines.
Got on this pill about 4 months ago. Everything is fine normal. I 'm also on anti depressants for anxiety and it didn 't do anything to make my anxiety worse. The only thing that I do not like is the weight gain it makes me eat way more than I do I feel like I 'm pregnant. I don 't mine the bigger boobs but the weight gain sucks.
Saw the doctor today.  Waiting for blood test results.  I had asked the doctor to give my Byetta since Januvia didn 't appear to be really helping getting my A1C and I had gone of Actos.  Went through 3 months and not happy with the lumps and scarring that I got from the injections.  Didn 't have this issue with Byetta since the needles were thinner and the amount of fluid less.  Yes, the once a week injections are convenient and I lost about 15 lbs since using the medication.
My dr started me on 20mg once daily.After a few months with no improvement he raised it to 40mgs.After about 2 weeks at this dose the depression subsided some and also my anxiety as I found myself reaching for my Xanax less and less.However after about 5-6 months the depression and anxiety came back and my doctor told me raising the dose would do no good.So,that being said, if you need an anti-deppressant to get you through a rough patch in your life (divorce,holidays,death of a loved one) this seemed to work very well just after about 6 months I was right back where I started. *Another benefit is it 's generic (Fluoxetine) in many stores is only $4 for a month supply.Ive seen some Anti-deppressants cost well over $100 for a month*
My wife (74) has been taking Namenda since the first diagnosis of Alzheimers two years ago.  She also takes any supplement that promises to help retain or improve memory.  Her memory has stayed about the same or gotten a little worse in that time. She has also taken Aricept during the same period.
I took Cymbalta for 3 months and it worked great. Then over time it didn 't work as well and I quit. I hit rock bottom.
60mg very effective for psychotic symptoms. Zero weight gain. However, had to come off due to bad side effects. Quite severe depersonalization and jaw pain. As I understand it, this is quite a rare side effect so I wouldn 't let it dissuade you. Reactions to antipsychotics are very much on an individual basis. Would recommend despite my personal side effects.
Really does help with anxiety/panic attacks, but has nasty withdrawals. I was prescribed .5mg 3x a day, and whenever I moved, my new doctor stopped prescribing me them, pretty much forcing me to quit cold turkey. Worst month of my life, and it only exacerbated my anxiety in the end.
I have been on this medication for about a month and I have terrible night sweats where I wake up in the middle of the night dripping in sweat and my sheets are soaked. Ive had moodiness and increased anxiety.
I 've only been on Sprintec for about a month, but I switched over from Loestrin 24 FE after being on that for a while. I had gained 10 pounds on Loestrin and I was having two periods a month. After switching to Sprintec, I stopped having two periods a month and I have no mood swings. The negative things about it is that now I have acne, when I used to never have it. I am also extremely bloated all the time, to the point where it actually looks like I 've gained 5-10 pounds. I don 't know if it 's water weight or if I 'm actually gaining that much weight. My eating habits are still the same and I work out 6 days a week, so it can 't be from my diet/exercise. Overall, it 's been okay, but I would love for the weight gain to disappear.
I had the Mirena IUD inserted about a month and a half ago. I cramped the day of a little bit and everything was fine. So far I love it, I have only had one period since and have been expecting a second and it hasn 't come yet. Unfortunately I am having it removed in a couple of weeks. My husband and I after having sex noticed blood in our areas- and it was from the strings of the Mirena cutting him. This was really painful for him and it is not his first injury during sex since I had it inserted. I would recommend if your partner is rather larger than average that this may not be for you because it has been an issue for us since inserted.
I had been taking Yaz for about 2 years then had to stop since I was switching jobs and lost my insurance for a few months.  When I first started taking Yaz I noticed MUCH lighter and shorter periods, no noticeable weight gain/loss, no mood swings or craving.  When I started taking the generic pills I felt the exact same and chalked it up to taking Yaz for so long, except when I recently switched back to Yaz my breasts were tender and a few days before my period I had bad migraines.  I really didn 't think to relate these to Yaz until I read some of the other posts and heard of the side effects.
Could not afford Abilify out of pocket, started back on Depakote. I had no problem with gain weight. I do however find I tend to be a little more moody but less frequently. I take with bupropion XR. Seems to be a decent cocktail. Not too potent, and not under effective. I like how it does not create a sedative effect like antipsychotics.
My son is 8 yrs old and could not hold anything down. The doctor gave him Zofran and he began to have hallucination! Well come to find out he is the 27 reported case in the U.S. He had to be sent to a children 's hospital. My daughter is 2 and had Zofran she did really well. She did a complete 360 in minutes. Just goes to show how everybody is different.
I have been on Junel for about 4 months and it is definitely different than my other birth control choices. I am happy to see that my period was extra light so bye bye tampons and hello panty liners. Unlike other birth control, my acne was regulated before my period come on but during that light flow, Hello acne. I think I can deal with this.
I know every medication works different on each person. But Abilify worked great for the first few months. I felt like my old self again. I took 10mg once a day but over the course of 1.5 years my blood pressure went up (never had a problem with it before it had always been perfect), all my cholesterol levels skyrocketed, my glucose levels went up, my muscles begin to get tight, I GAINED 50lbS too, and the worse part was the i was beginning to have more up-n-down moments and depression. 
5 days ago I was diagnosed with facial cellulitis I went to the er and they gave me cephalexin and bactrim.  I was told to take 2 cephalexin and 4 bactrim within the past few days of taking both antibiotics my rate has gone up my jaw jitters a lot I know have a fever and my left arm feels like I pulled every single muscle in it plus I noticed 5 new blisters on my face that go red and are as hard as a marble till it feels up with puss and bursts. The only good thing about this pill is that it helped clear two parts of where the cellulitis was on my face but now I have these new symptoms and I 'm not sure what to do.
This is my first time on BC so I don&rsquo;t really have anything to compare it to. It made me throw up when I first started taking it but I found that if I took it at night with food I had no problems with getting sick. Helped my acne a ton! Did get pretty crazy mood swings though.
My doctor was aware of my history of and treatment for anxiety and panic attacks when she prescribed this for me.  She directed that it be taken in the evening before bed and I don 't know why that is.  There have been 2 or 3 times when I forgot to take it, so I took it the next morning.  I found that on the following nights, I had very strange dreams, woke to a panic attack, and had difficulty going back to sleep.  Since I have put that together, I have made sure to take the medicine at night and I haven 't had any more problems.
I have been on this pill for about 2 years now, and about 6 months ago the cramps have started to get really bad. To the point where sitting and standing have become unbearable. Laying was the only way I could handle them. I gained about 10 pounds being on this pill. The good thing about it is that it makes the period light, but it also makes it heavy for about 1 day out of the cycle.
Holy moly....first day using this and I wanted to scream within minutes of inserting. The burning and itching is so much worse than the original symptoms. Hoping that this actually works but not sure if I can take 7 days!!!!! Should have read these reviews first.
Only good thing about this is not  getting pregnant this birth-control pill has made me break out  also I have a sharp pain and feel sick all the time and make my period late
I was drowsy for the first two days, but that went away. I don 't experience any (noticeable) side effects, but the amount of help that it has provided me isn 't too noticeable either. It has helped the highs and lows become a little less intense, but it 's still not not doing a great job. This is better than nothing, though.
Taking 0.4mg x 1 daily in the evening. Started two weeks ago. Doctor took me off Hytrin (terazosin 10mg).  After two weeks my flow is less than on Hytrin.  My frequency and urge to pee is higher than on Hytrin. My volume of output is less. This is the second time a doctor took me off Hytrin to put me on a &quot;better&quot;, newer, drug. In both cases these other medicines didn 't work as well as Hytrin. Will continue the Flomax for one more week just in case it has something to do with building up in blood levels.
Diclegis helps but it does not work completely.  You will still have vomiting and have to take often if your morning sickness is severe.  It can make you very tired and give you an out of sorts feeling.  It was expensive as well at 40.00 a week worth of pills.
I have been taking Lutera for 7 months now. The first 3 months I hard horrible, painful bloating every time I ate anything. That has subsided, but I have gained a lot of weight, my hair and finger nails are growing rapidly, but are very brittle, my acne has gotten worse, my breasts are larger and more tender, and I get frequent headaches.I have been on several other birth control pills and they all gave me insane mood swings. I don 't seem to have that problem with this pill.
I take allergy preparations year round, Claritin in fall and winter, and Allegra spring and summer. Both claim to be effective immediately, (within hours) however, my experience is that it takes a week for them to work, so, for a week in spring, and a week in the fall, I take both, otherwise I am miserable with runny nose itchy eyes, sore throat, etc. Both claim to be non drowsy, but for me this is not the case, so I take them at night. I give allegra a middle of the road 5 as a rating, because it 's better than nothing!
I started to take complera 1 year ago when viral load was 1700 a d cd4 490. and I had immediately some side effects like a lot of gas some headache and diarrhea. But they stopped 1 month after taking pills after 2 months of this medication I started to feel like losing balance a bjt depressed and a bit dizzy as well. I got tested with a ct brain radiography and it was negative thank god. Then I got tested with cognitive exams and everything is good. So I suppose it must be complera. At the moment my viral load is undetectable and cd4 are 743.
I had Skyla inserted almost 4 months ago. The insertion was painful, but not like most people make it seem. I was fine afterwards. I even decided to go to the gym. I fell bloated all the time since the insertion. I am gaining weight (even while eating healthier and working out more). My belly looks like I am 3 months pregnant. I have lost my desire to have sex and my self esteem is really low. I was diagnosed with vaginal bacteria when I went to my 3 months follow up about a week ago and was told to wait it out for another 3 months to have the body adjust to it. I am waiting a couple of weeks and if I do not see any difference, it is coming off. Other than that, I am not pregnant so it is reliable.
Have been on this medication for 2 months now. I take 1 pill an hour before bed and have found it to be non- effective. I still have leg AND arm issues every night. I also cannot ride distances in the car or sit to watch a movie in a theater. Such an irritating issue.
Had severe muscle spasms. Took 5mg of Flexeril for a day. While it did make the pain lessen, I slept for 12 hours and napped in between. My Doctor told me that the 20mg of Prozac I take daily was the reason I was that tired. 
I like it, but it is not as good as I thought.
I am hating the implanon. The only good thing is that it works as a contraceptive and I haven 't fallen pregnant.My negative side effects.Heavy bleeding 2-5 weeks at a timeRandom bleedingExtreme menstrual painLumps in breastStrong sweet vaginal odourHeadachesInsomniaMoodinessDepressionAnxietyIrritability Panic attacksHot flushesLoss of libidoWeight gainI have had it in since February, 10 months and countingI just want to get it out. Honestly. The only thing that 's stopping me is the fact that it is stopping me from falling pregnant.
I 've taken Buspirone HCL 7.5 MG for at least a month now and its made me feel sick to my stomach, sweaty, and gives me dry mouth. However other people have seen change in my personality in a positive way even though I haven 't noticed a big change yet. I don 't like how it makes me feel physically but my doctor said it could take months to get used to.
I have been taking this medication for a few days now to treat a bacterial infection and so far, the only side effects I 've had is slight occasional stomach cramps and the disgusting taste in my mouth whenever I drink or eat anything light like water or ice cream. The pill also tastes disgusting itself but taking it with milk helps cover up the taste pretty good. 
I have been on birth control for five years. I started off with Ortho Tri-cyclen and then switched to Sprintec. I was on it for more than 3 yrs, and then I started experiencing mood swings, and dizziness. My doctor switched me to Junel 1/20, which is compared to Loestrin. It ended up being worse, I had irregular periods and skipped most of them. I have gone back to Sprintec, but I think my body has had enough. Everyone 's body reacts differently, so if you haven 't been on birth control as long as me, I say go for it. For 3 years I had no problems.
It works most of the time. Very, very expensive. Has eaten up most of my drug coverage for the year. There got to be something less cost that works.
This is my first time using birth control ever and the patch was my first choice because my step mama has it and she recommend that I use it cause she didn 't want me to forget to take the pill ever day. So let me tell y 'all the patch is good. Sometimes I used to have bad headache a lot when I got on the patch. My headaches got worse to the point I didn 't want to open my eyes. I never had bad cramps I had them but they wasn 't terrible, they were ok. When I started the patch my cramps got so bad I would cry myself to sleep I get back pains and a lot more than now when I 'm cramping. I have mood swing all the time now I feel very weak sometimes and nauseous most of the time. I have no skin problems.  The patch is ok sometimes I forget I 'm wearing it.
Was diagnosed 8/12/17, began treatment 9/25. I was super pumped. Initially had a slight rash and my thumb didn&rsquo;t work, got too stiff to move two times for like a minute.  Second day I felt great. High energy. Stayed up late. Yesterday I felt like butt all day. Sore. Stomach hurt. Especially when I swallowed food or drink. Today wasn&rsquo;t a whole lot better. At least yesterday I could eat. I&rsquo;ve taken 7 Advil  over quite a long and now I can feel the crappiness coming back on. Called my ID specialist and she told me to stop taking it and come in tomorrow morning. I&rsquo;m disappointed. But I gotta get healthy. My Cd4 counts are 9 and viral load is is 181,000. I just want to get better.
I loved the way Adderall helped with my ADD (adult). I was able to get soooo much done while on it.
Have bad stomach aches and nausea with this, but also it way better than others that I took for diverticulitis.  Makes me jittery and have nervous stomach.
I 've experienced recurring back spasms for many years. At times they are unbearable. Amrix really worked at easing the spasms, but I noticed a jittery feeling the next day. I also felt very shaky, but not dizzy, just jittery. It took about 24 hours after I stopped the medicine before the jitters went away. I also had a little slurred speech after one day of Amrix. I stopped the medicine and of course the spasms returned. 
I have been taking 25 mg of Exemesane for 22 days now. After the first week I started having a cough with clear phlegm everyday. I recently had bad headaches that lasted 3 days. I had to lay in bed with lights off. I also have been having diarrhea and nausea with some vomiting the past week.  Two nights ago I had very uncomfortable heartburn, I had to sleep sitting up. I have also had increased bone/joint pain and fatigue. I hope the medicine is working because I really don 't like feeling ill on a daily basis. I will discuss these side effects with my doctor next week.
I find that Excedrin does not do a great job for treating my osteoarthritis pain. It does a fantastic job with headaches, so I use it for headaches primarily.
I have fibromyalgia; my doctor prescribed Tramadol (Ultram) between 50-200 mg/day as needed. It worked great for about 6 months. Then I started itching all over. The itching was worse than the pain. I find that now I can only take 50 mg/day (before bed). If I take any more than that, the itching returns. Benadryl only helps a little. It was a wonderful medicine for me while it lasted.
I will make 3 years of being on Skyla April 2018. So far I have had a miserable experience on Skyla. When I first got it inserted I cramped and bleed for 2 months straight. I went back in for checkups during those two months and the doctor said it was normal. And that my body was just adjusting. The bleeding stopped after the 3rd month, but started back immediately after having sex.  And from that point on it was a constant cycle or stopping, sex, bleeding back on. I would say out of an entire month I only had like 10 days (if that) of not bleeding. My cycles were not heavy, and I didn 't really experience any cramps, but bleeding constantly gets to be annoying. I would probably not get a new one inserted after my 3 years is over.
I 'm on my second month of Minastrin 24 Fe and I have to say that I really haven 't had any real problems on this birth control. I had accidentally forgot to take my birth control for a day about two days ago, so yesterday I took 2 when I remembered I didn 't take it (followed instructions) and started spotting soon after. The next day I woke up to my &quot;period&quot;, which wasn 't expected until October which is in about a week and a half. I 'm now on my &quot;period&quot; for the second day. I also know that you aren 't supposed to smoke cigarettes on this birth control. Also, I have multiple mood swings a day due to Min24Fe, but I pull myself together. Nothing too bad that a person can 't handle.
Have had nexplanon in my arm for a little over a year now. No problems with the insertion. It is very effective. Didn 't use a condom. Sex at least once a week and haven 't gotten pregnant yet so thats why I give it a five star rating. Side effects for me were slim in the first couple of months but soon after my mood definitely changed. I cry over everything now. I 've experienced mood swings, appetite increase and decrease, some days I can 't stop ranting.  I have gone from occasional depression to depressed all of the time. Can 't sleep.  Anxiety all day long. Dizzy. Fatigue all day. Longer periods. Never had anxiety attacks before, do now. They 're becoming more frequent. Getting it removed
I started taking it after my husband passed away; he had a cardiac problem and I tried to unsuccessfully help him.  I did call the emergency services, they tried but were unable to help him.  After that I could not get thoughts about the incident out of my mind and I lost in excess of 50lbs the next month.  I was given Zoloft by my doctor which did interrupt my  'panic ', however I only took the medicine for less than one month as I couldn 't think properly.  I rely on my mind, my thoughts to process how I relate to the  'world ' - I decided that being sad about the situation was appropriate and a normal response.  In the eighteen years since then I have not needed medication for depression - other things yes, but not mood disorders.  Thank you.
I am 56 yo male and have been on shots and Axiron for 11 months and my testosterone levels are still around 150.  Before I started any testosterone, I was at about 230, then after starting shots every 4 weeks my T-levels dropped and kept dropping to about 95 and recently went up to 150.  The 200 mg shots are every three weeks now and Axiron daily 60 mg but still no major results except gaining weight and some muscle mass.  All hormones were normal except FSH that was elevated.  Don 't know what the problem is because most people do well with shots and axiron.
Hm, I got the 3 day cream insert, put it in for the first time and realized I got a little more itchy down there than I was before, nothing crazy though. Maybe its because my YI wasn 't so bad. But I have no problems with this medication so far.
I 've titrated from 5mgs to 10mgs over a month. I 'm still on Seroquel and Rivotril. The Brintillex definitely causes tummy issues, between nausea and severe indigestion/heartburn which exacerbates my asthma. So I 'm trying different times to take it. The one suggestion is to take it with your biggest meal. And as someone has said earlier it seems that certain foods do make the nausea worse.
I just had my first injection today, my first of 5. It was the most painful experience that I have ever experienced in my life. I thought it was going to be like a normal injection bam and done!I 'm reading the other comments and everyone is reporting that it is not painful. I 'm confused???The pain occurred immediately during and lasted for 5 minutes...I was in agony. The pain subsided after 5 minutes from unbearable and intolerable 10/10 to 3/10 for the remainder of the day. However, I still can 't walk on it.
The side effects I have are body aches, weight gain and lightheadedness.
I was put on Bunavail because of the constipation I was having on the Bup 's. I used to take 2mg twice a day...my Doc told me how great this new Bunavail is, yada yada. The first two days of it, I was going thru WD 's! My moods were awful, I was clammy but hot, sweating, chills, no appetite. So my Doc tells me to double my dosage, and finally I feel better...no more WD 's, but my gosh...the mood swings...I 'm like a crazy woman on her period, ready to snap on the next person that irritates me. That 's NOT like me, I 'm always rainbows and butterflies, and I hate this. While the constipation has gotten better, it 's still there. I 'd rather have to take laxatives then deal with these mood swings. I 'll give it another month until my next appointment
I 've been on it all! Cymbalta, toparite, Lyrica and Nexium. Also, Inderal.  Still am for that matter! Fibro kicks butt and I don 't know which one works and which one doesn 't at this point.  I do know I am losing my hair and my nails are peeling off!  If anyone has any suggestion as to which drug might be doing this please help!  I can 't find this as a reaction to any of them.
Advised to take capsules 20 mins before food. Is this common? Had 5 bouts of severe vomiting &amp; diarhoe in last 10 weeks. 9 mths on creon.  Any advice?
I just started Zirgan today for my 16 month son. Very frustrating that he was on viroptic for 3 weeks and steroid eye drop for 1 week but the infection came back. Hopefully this new drug will work, I don 't want him to lose his vision. His been fighting this for over 1 month now. First time we find out we took him to the hospital he stayed there for 1 week with IV medications. His eyes is swollen,  red, very sensitive to light with watery discharge. I got a free sample from my doctor but seems that won 't last long, even though I got the drop on his eyes was very difficult  to come out for been a gel and he is a baby keep moving what makes difficult to get the drop in without squeezing too much.
I have been taking linzess for a few months now. I have diarrhea almost every day which most times leads to accidents. I went to my GI specialist and she suggested i take IB Gard to help with the diarrhea. I am tired of having diarrhea every day and not knowing when its gonna come. I go to work and I still have accidents at work it 's embarrassing and disgusting. I have not have any help with bloating or stomach pain. I was on 145 of linzess but that didn 't work very well so the doctor put me on 290 it just makes me feel miserable.
Now my 10 years old son is on 5.5mg liquid of Dyanavel xr and it last 5 hours.
This pill is overall good. It made me have perfect skin, lighter and shorter periods etc. It also made my breasts grow two sizes and they would be very tender a lot of the time. But the bad outweighed the good. I was very moody, when I was PMSing people couldn 't be around me. It made me cry over everything. Also, I couldn 't drink! Even after one shot, or a glass of wine I would feel very nauseous and immediately throw up. I didn 't think it was the pill at first, I was on it for over a year, but then when I got off of the pill I was able to drink again normally and wouldn 't throw up at all...so I had an alcohol intolerance because of the pill.
This does seem to take the edge off but it has been making me feel mega spaced out and lethargic. Almost like smoking pot. At least I 'm too spacey too be cranky!
Mirena worked well for birth control and I had no periods, however it was very painful having it inserted. I kept it for a year before having it removed. I experienced awful acne that I had to see a dermatologist and use 2 prescriptions to help (still didn 't clear it up) and experienced a lot of pain during the time I would normally have a period. 
This medicine will make you fat and happy.
Caused sweating, headache.
I 've been on Orsythia for about a year, and I 've had mixed feelings about it. It started out really well and my periods were down to 1-2 days. However, it makes you feel tired and it 's hard to feel as energized as you used to.
I have been using Singulair for an extended time. It seems to help with asthma, but I 'm wondering if I developed side effects and just didn 't realize. If I 'm barely bumped I get bad bruises; I have sinus infections very frequently and lately I have a low grade fever often with no apparent cause. 
Started about a year ago,then started having severe chest and back pain ,with shortness of breath, and loss of my voice. Went to ER ,first time they said chronic bronchitis, breathing treatments only made it worse. Next time in ER they said it was asthma attack. Finally got to cardiologist who again said it was not my medication causing it. After going though heart cath I started skipping my losartan once a day then did not take it for couple days. Took it today due you increase in bp, now having same back and chest pain and shortness of breath.  Stopping it for week then try again if this comes back will talk to pcp about changing it or not taking bp med at all ..   My bp has been great with out losartan. 125/74
Just completed 6 months on this.  I had very heavy horrible periods with no pills at all.  First 3-4 weeks on this had some bleeding but it has completely stopped since, even when I was supposed to get period, did not get much of anything.  Contact lenses are killing me, vision is not the same.  Very very tired ALL the time. No energy. No sex drive.  Get weird pains in legs all the time.
I took the Plan B pill 6 hours after having unprotected sex. I received my period one week later, which was 2-3 weeks ago. I am experiencing days where I am bloated to the max, and it never seems to be a day where I am not bloated. I also experience severe pains in my lower abdomen by my ovaries. It feels like I am cramping everyday and feels like I 'm going to start my period. The pill was effective in not making me pregnant.
I 'm 20 and this is my first birth control. I got it to control my acne and to prevent pregnancy. The very first day I took it I felt horribly nauseous but thankfully it went away and hasn 't come back since. My complaint is the cramping! I basically cramp everyday or every other day. The pain is on the outside &quot;lady bit&quot; region too. So far this is the only side effect for me. My sex drive is the same, still waiting for acne control, and I haven 't experienced increased discharge. I 'm on my first month and only have been on it for two weeks. So hopefully the cramps stop and my acne calms down.
I 've been on effexor for over 10 years now,it was good at first  before I took it I couldn 't control my anger,but I 've had several bad years separation domestic violence and my children and I were homeless things with those matters are starting to get a little better now,but I 'm finding I 'm feeling so sad and down thoughts of suicide and I 'm good sometimes and other times I cry myself to sleep I really don 't know if its working anymore I 'm currently on 75 mg
I am 32 years old and I have to take Zoladex for 3 years with the medicine Tamoxifen for 5 years. I have been on Zoladex for about a year now. Some of my side effects include severe mood swings, hot flashes, loss of menstrual cycle, weight gain (28 pounds so far), loss of energy, swelling of hands, forgetfulness.
I have been on this pill for a little over a year. When I first started it, I had my period for a month and a half. It was the worst. Everything was okay for a while. But now I notice I 'm bloated all the time to the point where I don 't feel like eating. It makes me very emotional too because I cry over anything. But it did make my breasts bigger and it made my acne go away also. It 's a good pill for the most part but it does have its downfalls. And not to mention its the only birth control pill I 've ever taken.
I was on Tri-Sprintec and its predecessor for about 4.5 years. The first 3.5-4 years were great! My skin was perfect except for an occasional blemish here or there. But then it started to go down hill fast. I was hungry ALL the time, and even if I ate my normal meals (not giving into my hunger) I still managed to gain a good 10-15lbs that I could NOT lose. Also towards the end of my usage I became violently angry. Like I would be angry allllll the time and that 's just not me! I 'm normally happy and pleasant. Also my skin started to get really bad as it was prior to being on BC. Overall it wasn 't that great.
This has helped extremely with my bad mood swings and irritability but am having nightmares and waking up multiple time during the night feeling restless.
My hair started falling out so I discontinued taking the Cymbalta. I was losing a small handful of hair every day in the shower and it was continually getting to be more and more so no matter how much Cymbalta was helping me it was not worth losing my hair. It did help me feel better as far as depression and it helped me feel better as far as stiffness in my neck, shoulders and back; way more flexibility. Definitely not worth losing my hair though.
So far the med has me feeling terrible akasthia when I take it at night. Im switching from risperdone 2 mg to latuda 80 mg and I dread taking the pill at night because I know I 'll feel like im jumping out of my skin
I just started taking Byetta. Am now on 10mcg, twice a day. The only side effect I have is feeling full. I 've limited what I eat and exercise but so far have lost only one pound after a month. I am hoping I can lose more over time. Meanwhile my blood sugars are staying between 90-115. I do feel I have more energy then I 've had in a long time.
This cleared up my BV well, however, I was experiencing some strange side effects. I 'm having symptoms similar to a sinus infection-- pressure and pain in my temples, pain behind my eye, my eye was swollen as well as a runny nose. I 've stopped taking the medication so I hope these symptoms pass.The same thing happens the last time I took this medication too.
Was on this pill for two years. Gained about 15 pounds, had cystic acne around my periods, and my mood swings were unbelievable. I would find myself getting so angry and irritated at everyone and everything for absolutely no reason. Perks were I didn 't get pregnant and my periods were short and light, with no cramping. This was my 6th pill I tried and after this I gave up and switched to an IUD. Couldn 't be happier.
I am going off this medicine as I am unable to stay awake on it.
I had unprotected sex the day after my period ended (12/07/16) and took not one, but two Plan B pills to ensure that I was safe. I then bled from 12/15-12/18. Today is 1/19/16 and I haven 't started my period since then. I have taken three pregnancy tests, all negative. The pill has prevented pregnancy but definitely destroys your cycle.
I took Aviane for one year.  It certainly did what it was supposed to do--I never got pregnant--and I actually lost about 12 pounds while I was on it (although that might have been more due to lifestyle changes).  However, this pill turned me into an emotional wreck. I suddenly began to have bad PMS (which had never been a problem before), and the rest of the month I experienced unpredictable mood swings, BAD anxiety and extreme irritability (the brunt of most of which was borne by my unfortunate boyfriend).  I stopped taking Aviane in August, and my mood improved drastically, and stabilized.  I 've been wary of going back on hormonal birth control, but since IUDs aren 't an option financially, I 'm trying again with Microgestin 1/20.
I had taken doxy along with birth control pills when I was 16 to help combat my acne. And it worked wonders my face was always clear. Now however 3 years later I tried to start taking it again but without the birth control since I now have an IUD my face is horrible. It 's worse than it was when I wasn 't taking anything at all. I know it 's supposed to get worse before it gets better but damn it 's been about 3 months now on it for the second time and my face it so red with constant breakouts. I think I 'm going to try Accutane.
I have only been on the Nuvaring for about 2 months now. This was very effective for the first month about.  After I inserted my next ring I have not stopped bleeding and its not just light spotting, its heavy bleeding most of the time.  Like it 'll seem like it went away but then it 'll either come back on its own or really bad when I have sex.  Also, it is giving me a lack of lubrication in my vagina.  When i have had sex, there have been a few times that it hurt really bad.  I have been very moody lately and will cry for basically no reason and my sex drive is definitely lower.  I may continue on with my 3rd ring but if the bleeding doesn 't stop, I will definitely be switching.
Yes I 'd like to point out it appears to be helping my mouth situation but it 's def not helping the rest of my body.Since taking this medication prescribed by my dentist due to having a infection in my mouth I have suffered the following:Feeling sickdiarrhoeaHeadacheMetallic taste in my mouth.palpitationsAche all overFeel symptoms of the fluConfusionLack of concentration Very anxiousThirstyI generally feel like poo. I can 't wait to finish this course. I feel like death.
There isn 't a dosage level low enough for me to tolerate. I have horrible chronic constipation, and Linzess works well to guarantee waste is evacuated . But regardless of how much I tried to ensure I was getting a low dosage, Linzess always causes projectile diarrhea (if that 's a thing - but you get the idea). Bottom line, it acts as a laxative to me. But does not evacuate those hard rabbit pellets magnesium citrate laxatives get.
I am a little over two months now from insertion.  Never had children, 45 years old and insertion was almost unbearable for me.  However, after about 10-15 minutes after the insertion, I felt perfectly fine and went shopping!  I had almost no spotting the first month and then had a much lighter than normal period with almost no cramping.  I use to have very heavy periods with a lot of cramping.  The past month I have had no real period and no cramping, but I am spotting pretty much every day.  It does vary from bright red blood, to some days the brown blood.  Not really enjoying it, however I did read beforehand that this was pretty normal for the first few months.  Other than that, no side effects.  Still happy with my decision to do it.
IBS- D for over 30yr , tried everything but nothing worked. Took Viberzi and immediately my D was gone. Life was so much better. For those of us who suffer with IBS-D it was a miracle, I felt normal and healthy first time since the 80is. No side effects at all. Unfortunately after 3 months is stop working, like some other users noticed, the symptoms slowly started to come back. First the gas then the diarrhea. It has been 6 mo since I started to take it. I am about 20% better than I was before Viberzi &ndash; I guess I will take it and pray that it will not get worst, but it is a little disappointment
I 've been on the patch for months now at first there was stomach pain and nausea which I still have some times but now there weight gain , I 'm fatigue 24/7 and my menstrual cramps are 10000&times; worst then they were before.
I started taking this birth control about 2 months ago... I got it to mainly clear up acne &amp; because I 'm sexually active. Growing up I was in and out of doctors trying to find what treatment would be best for my skin... I started taking this birth control &amp; instantly my face started breaking out, talking about 5-6 large pimples at a time! It 's so embarrassing!! Sometimes makeup won 't even cover! I haven 't noticed any weight gain, but I do have an increased appetite. And my boobs feel very full. I also skipped my first period &amp; read that another girl had one anyways. I 've noticed some spotting but nothing too major. I wouldn 't recommend this to a girl trying to get rid of bad acne especially if you 've struggled with bad skin in the past.
Causes too many lows
I Have been taking Levaquin for 3 days for bronchitis.  Having difficulty sleeping and have no appetite, along with headache and a persistent fever.  Pharmacist never told me to take the medicine with a full 8 oz glass of water.  Might have been good to know.  So far, still have bronchitis, coughing up mucus and needing an inhaler.  I have never used an antibiotic that after 3 days I remain ill.  Jury is out however, as I may be better...soon I hope.
Took a long time to see results and seemed to become less effective after 6 months. I 'm headed back to the doctor to find other options.
In January 2009, I was prescribed Dilaudid 8mg (2 tabs 4X/day) to battle break-through pain, in conjunction with my constant regimen of OxyContin 80mg (2 tabs, 3X/day) therapy. It was as though I had been given a placebo. No effects - neither positive or negative. I have a high degree of opiate tolerance, which renders pain management a difficult chore. My doctor switched me over to morphine sulfate immediate release back in August (30mg, 2-3 tabs/every 3-4 hours), which (to my system, at least), is far more effective, despite the fact that Dilaudid 's efficacy is about 6-7 times that of morphine 's.
Extremely nasty taste but got rid of infection.
I have had Mirena for 3 days and I am terrified of gaining weight and losing my hair. Not to thrilled about any of the other side effects either. I am hoping to get lucky and bypass some of the negative side effects. I am very active and I have read that some of you other woman have been active as well and still gained weight. Can you elaborate of your level of activity? So the insertion was not bad just strange feeling. I do not have kids and I am twenty one. The pills make me crazy so I wanted something else. We will see how it goes. I am pain free the first day I cramped up a little throughout the night other than that I feel nothing. Still spotting nothing to worry about.
I was just diagnosed with BV and am now on my 2nd day of meds. Day 1 I felt nauseous and had some headaches, but neither were unbearable. This morning I feel almost as if I 'm getting a UTI because its a little uncomfortable to pee and I have the urge to go frequently. I 'm hoping this will go away once I 'm done with my dosages (2 pills/day). Pills taste a little funky, but like I said nothing unbearable. I may try the cream next time around!
I have not had any serious side effects (that I am aware of) but I have had 0 weight loss even though I am on a very strict diet of no bread, or sugar.  I also have not seen any decrease in my appetite, it may have increased it.  It seems to me it has also had minimal effect on my blood sugar.  I don 't think I am a fan.
The birth control kept me from getting pregnant so on that subject it worked great.  But, I had 3 severe side effects that really affected my quality of life.  I was exhausted all of the time, no energy ever (after I stopped taking it within 1 week I had energy again). I had intense headaches everyday within an hour of taking this medicine, and I was very emotional.  One moment nice next moment sad, then mean. It has been a month since I took this birth control and I fell like me again!!
Flexeril does not really take away my pain, but it helps me relax and sleep. If you take too much, it will cause confusion.
I 've been using this for about 3 years now. This is probably the first product I 've ever used that resulted in clearer skin, both on my face and my body. I went from having at least 5-7 big red pimples at all times, often more when I was on my period, to having clear skin with maybe a few small blemishes most of the time. It took a few months before I noticed it was actually working. Everything was great until 2 months ago, I now have acne just as bad, if not worse, than ever before (face and back). I still use Benzaclin but it 's had absolutely no effect, which is extremely disappointing. Back to square one I guess.
I was prescribed this following a Bactrim DS prescription that was causing me problems.  I did not have any real issues with Cephalexin but it did not clear up my Paronychia infection as I had hoped.  I would take this again as it was gentle and no side effects at all.
I have only taken one 30 mg pill and the nausea is horrible. I 'm not sure about continuing with it.
Male, 53, regular exercise, healthy diet. Started losartan (Cozaar) 2 weeks ago due to high blood pressure. Dropped the blood pressure first day, but still is high - before taking BP was 160 's / 110 's , now it 's 140 's / 90 's.Noticed frequent urination - like every 15 minutes. I canceled an international vacation because of this. Then came the anxiety at night. Never had anxiety this bad - ever. Finding myself locking the doors, checking to make sure they are locked multiple times. Slight confusion and short term memory problems. Yesterday bought a $1500 large screen tv that I really did not need and does not even fit on our tv stand. Numbness in one thumb. Dizziness - almost fell backwards off of stool at restaurant. Giving it one more week
I 'm from the UK, I start saxenda on 19th May. So just over a week. I increased the dose from 0.6 to 1.2 on Friday. Previously had no side effects, but now finding I 'm waking in the morning with nausea and heartburn, and all I 've had is water. Only lost 4.4lbs in just over a week. Feel like it 's not working. I have found that my mouth is constantly dry, always drink water. Has anyone else had anything similar?
I 'm 17 years old, I was on the pill at first but I got off because I was ALWAYS moody! So I got on Depo so far it 's been okay, but since I 've been on it my face has started peeling. I 'm always putting lotion on my face.
I started taking this medication three weeks ago and it works great for morning sickness but they don 't tell you the risks they say it is safe for both you and the baby yet I started having severe chest and back pain and had blood work done over and over and they told me I was fine but I hadn 't had a bowel movement in almost two weeks and I was in so much pain I couldn 't get out of bed......but i found out it was the reason for all my problems, restless sleep, chest pain, back pain, not being able to stand or take care of my children it was not worth the pain and the suffering and imagine what you baby is going through if your in all that pain. There is a reason it was off the market for 30 years.
I connect so much with &quot;Frustrated Fenway Fan&quot; 's post..I have almost disabling anxiety. I started having panic attacks at eleven years old.....I am now 33. The entire time I was treated with Xanax which I NEVER once abused...my former doctor abruptly stopped prescribing it to me because he caught wind that I had spent a year and a half fighting an opiate addiction, Suboxone saved my life...but although that is all in the past and I don 't even take that medication anymore....it is on my medical history! Now.NO ONE will prescribe me any sort of benzodiazepine. I have just been prescribed Buspar. I pray it works. I just want my life back.
Was on for 4 months or so... It was ok. I didn 't have any of the &quot;common&quot; side affects and my mood was good. My period was light with minimal cramps and PMS. But-- I lost my libido completely and felt that I gained more weight on my thighs (and cellulite) despite eating healthy and working out-- never had this problem previously. I am having the IUD Skyla put in tomorrow. My doctor said that this should be &quot;it&quot;. Minastrin may work for other women but the no sex drive and Weight gain was enough for me to throw in the towel.
Was given 100mg doses to take twice a day for 7 days. I&rsquo;m only on my 3rd day taking these and I&rsquo;m beyond miserable. I wake up every night with unrelenting nausea, fever and cold sweats. The morning after my second day taking these I was admitted to the ER for the symptoms and was prescribed Pepcid antacid for all the excess stomach acids and zofran for the nausea. The Pepcid helps a lot, but the symptoms persist, like I cannot get a good nights sleep due to the fever and cold sweats and initial nausea. The zofran tastes so bad when dissolving that I cannot take it. Alternatively, I found that vaping or smoking small amounts of cannabis (1-2 small dabs or bowls) has helped calm the nausea enough for me to try and tough it out.
Just finding out that this medication may be a factor in causing insomnia.  This is something I am fighting tooth and nail.
This was great while I was breastfeeding for about 5 months , didn 't bleed at all. Only was a little moody... now I have stopped nursing and I haven 't stopped bleeding since. :/ I don 't know what to do at this point. I 'm also getting bad cramps and horrible back pain. It 's been about 2 1/2 weeks now. Plus I 'm loosing hair like crazy
Thought it was great that I only needed one dose but it made me violently sick and gave me the most horrendous stomach pain... followed by 3 hours of diarrhea. Headed back to the doctors as I 'm afraid it didn 't work
Just took my melatonin. Currently can 't stop yawning while scrolling through reading about all the awesome sleeps you guys had.. &lt;yawns&gt; still can 't sleep tho.. 
My experience so far is not that good but not that bad either. However, I would like to try a different brand besides this one. I 've been using this brand for about 2 years. When I first started this Birth Control I had very bad headaches for the first 3 or 4 months. My appetite at that time also increased. My acne was getting worse as well but it 's a good thing it has cleared up. I 've been feeling so bloated and depressed lately that I felt like crying for no reason at all. I have had some chest pain as well which I think is known as heartburn. It doesn 't happen often though. Now the pros of this brand is that I haven 't had bad cramps like I used to. My periods have been regulated and light. It 's not horrible but it 's not great either.
Did that one poster seriously share an experience where a doctor had him/her on 750mg Levaquin for 7-weeks (49-days)?  Is that even survivable, let alone right?  I just finished 10-days of 750mg for an upper sinus infection that has lasted 5-months...it turned me inside out!  It 's too early to tell if it has really helped, but the CT showed no signs of infection now, so I 'm hopeful.  Everything else we 've tried has given me temporary relief, but less than 2-weeks later was back with a vengeance.  This was my 6th round of antibiotics...hopefully my last.  I 'm just curious how someone could stomach it for that long.
I used Compound W for a week , and it works great , use Duct tape
Doctor had me try this instead of just increasing the dosage of Asmanex I was taking.  Dulera is a combination of Asmanex with something else, and that added component did NOT do well with me.  
This pill made my breasts swell up an entire cup size.  I craved sugar like crazy. If I did not take my pill at the same time each day I would spot. I feel bloated regularly as well. I don 't like it.
I rated the product a 5 as it does what it is supposed to do - cleanse your bowel.  It is however the most unpleasant of medications and produced severe nausea.  It was difficult to drink the gallon required.  I had used Fleet Phospho-Soda in the past and that is so much better than this.  Expensive also.
I was on this pill for 4 months and half. I didn 't finish the last month because I COULD NOT stand the way I was feeling anymore. I had constant mood swings and was irritated basically all the time. My acne got worse even after having been on the pill for 4 months already. I switched now to a progesterine-only pill because I was having terrible migraines as well.
So the first month was good not only did my period come in a month but it only lasted a few days (my periods before then last 8 days) after the 1st month I didn 't have a period for 2 months which was awesome...but I also noticed after the first month I became severely depressed and moody, I would get emotional over everything I even contemplated suicide...and I have been suicidal in the past but the shot made those horrible feelings come back AGAIN! The shot made me feel sad and tired almost ever other day and another huge CON was that it made me dry, I couldn 't get wet at all during Sex and I could never get arroused and I was never arroused. and sex for me was notPleasurable..I did not like depo at all!
First of all I am not diabetic.  I have been injecting Victoza for 1 month with &quot;no&quot; loss of appetite.  I started injecting .6mg for 3 weeks and 1.2mg for the past week.  I am 290 lbs. and have been on a weight plateau for over 2 weeks loosing only 1.6 pounds.  At 74 years of age, I 'll be over 80 before I reach my goal of 250 lbs.  I am sedentary, eating only 1,400 calories a day.  I know, &quot;eating more to loose more.&quot;  It doesn 't work for me.Question: Can Victoza not work for some people because of their metabolism?
My son is 7 and was diagnosed a few months ago.  He started with the 27mg Concerta and that didn 't seem to help at all.  Moved him to 36mg and he 's doing a little better.  There are a few concerns though.  Around 5:30, 6;00 in the evening he will have emotional meltdowns.  Cries at the drop of a hat.  Also I pretty much have to bribe him to eat and he has lost so much weight.  I am thinking about trying to switch to something else but not sure what to switch him to.
Where do I begin, I have been on Nexplanon for about a year and a half now. There was no pain getting it put in, Easy, even for someone who is terribly afraid of needles. The real problem was after, I got so moody and crazy that I would start to cry about it. I was always apologizing to my boyfriend because I felt like I couldn 't control my moods. It went away after a couple of months but it comes back here and there. Second, the weight gain. I have never weighed so much in my life, I gained about 30 lbs in the last year, regardless of how healthy I was eating. Third, the acne. I broke out like crazy! Oh and I feel nauseous all the time. The positives now. it controlled my severe cramps. I get a lighter period, even skip it sometimes.
I agree, this medicine is grueling along with the Ribavirin pills that need to be taken but it works. I 'm 6 months into treatment and at 12 weeks my viral load was &quot;undetectable&quot;.
Was on 100mg for 5 yrs (+10mg Lisinopril) and my BP was 110/70, so it worked in lowering it from 150+something. However, I had soul-crushing fatigue and a foggy brain and couldn 't get thru the day, it seriously affected my life. I had trouble regulating my body temperature and was pretty miserable. My heart beat out of my chest when I laid on my left side. I thought these side effects were the result of an acute illness that ended w/ me having HBP, but it turns out they were from Metoprolol. My doc switched me to Bystolic 5mg and I felt better within a couple days! Metoprolol worked to lower my BP, but I didn 't like the side effects.
Had complications from rectal surgery resulting in 3 surgeries in as many weeks.  Very painful.  This med helped inflammation, which was good, but was light on the pain relief -- and kept me awake at night.
I 've been on this medication for 2 weeks because of increased pressure in my spinal fluid due to head injuries. While the medicine works amazingly well on the headaches, my brain basically turns to mush when I 'm on it and I can 't function well enough to do my job or understand my school work. I also have really annoying tingling feelings in my hands, feet and lips that hasn 't yet gone away. I wish there was a way to get this to keep working for my headaches.
I have been on Belviq for 4 days now and I have not lost any weight yet, but I do notice a huge difference when I sit down to eat. I am so much fuller even after the 3rd bite. My cravings during work hours have gone away, and I am able to go almost all day without pigging out. Mcdonalds is walking distance from my work as well. I am 5 '6 and 188 LBS. I will keep yall updated.
I was prescribed pylera after a triple therapy failed, i 'm now on my last day of it.The gastritis pain, is slowly going away but still there ( you will have to wait the next 4 weeks for it to heal ).The first 5 days i didn 't feel anything different, then day 5 i had terrible headache, anxiety and nausea.day 6 and onward my body adapted and it became less powerful but still pretty crappy, I 'm not gonna lie to you, you basically feel hangover for the last 4 days.Drink a lot, force yourself to eat and go out (computer will make headache horrible ).Stay strong brothers, its a pain but this has 90% success rate.
I have taken most everything on the market and we started to think I had been misdiagnosed.  My doctor was at a point where she was beginning to think the same thing.  Savella was my last hope.  I began taking the titration pack with no marked change so she increased the dosage and so far I feel better than I have in a long time.  The only drawback (other than decreased sexual appitite) is the cost.  My co-pay is $45.  It may not seem much to some but when I am taking 9 RXs a month it is costly but worth it.
When I first started Depo I was bleeding/spotting within the first two shots. After the third there was nothing, but occasional cramps. After taking Depo for a while I began to have back problems, bones sensitive, crazy mood swings, depressed, &amp; gained a little over 20 pounds. Most of the weight was in my stomach area and face! If I Would have gotten my last shot in February it would have been a year of me being on the Depo shot. I loved the fact I didn 't have periods, but I  just couldn 't take it anymore and now I have been off of it for about a week. I have had no period yet, irritation, &amp; a very light pink discharge when I wipe....
I experienced stomach cramps, nausea, diahreah, and had a metallic taste in my mouth. On the third day my throat started to hurt again. It must be said that I 've never experienced side effects from an antibiotic I 've taken in the past ever...
Symptoms on Monday afternoon and went to doctor on Wednesday morning. Nasal positive test for flu. By 2nd dose fever broke and felt better. Has caused insomnia and/or only able to sleep for short periods (1-3 hrs at a time) and wild dreams. Also some ringing in my ears. Took all doses with food.
I have been on Nexplanon for almost 3 months. I have had one normal period (3 to 7 days). I got on my period again almost 2 months ago and I am still on! I am not used to this at all. Before this medicine, my periods only last a maximum of 4 days! It has been on almost 2 months now! I am buying tampons after tampons and it definitely horrible if you are in a relationship! To be honest that and a little bit of weight gain are my only side effects (and the weight issue I 'm ok with because I am a slender woman) but this period issue is just too much and if it wasn 't for that issue, I WOULD LOVE THIS BIRTH CONTROL BUT I CAN 'T DO THIS TO MY BODY! All this heavy bleeding! I just can 't do it anymore. So unfortunately I am going to get it taken out.
I switched from Femcon Fe to Loestrin 24Fe about 3 months ago. The first month I had lose stools for at least 3 weeks. I finally got over that issue and thought that was the worst of my problems. However, the second month I began to have issues wearing my contacts. My eyes would get bloodshot, but not really hurt. I didn 't think anything of it, I just thought I was wearing them too much.  However, things have gotten progressively worse and now if I wear my contacts for more than 2-3 hours my eyes become sensitive to light, and even after I take them out I feel like I have build up on my eyes when I close them.  I am in the process of going back to Femcon, since I never had any of these problem with it.  Good luck!
I have been on Viibryd for 3 months.  My mood has improved a lot. I have decided to try something else, though, because of the weight gain and acne.  Also, I have had debilitating pain in all my joints.  The doctors say it wouldn 't be the meds causing it; they should be helping if anything, but I figured I should mention it in case others have had a similar experience.  I will say, that I would be willing to go back on it, if the side effects don 't improve with different meds.
Asthma, improved, however the loss of my hair by almost 30% and effect in my voice by creating hoarseness, made me to stop the usage of the SYMBICORT.
I 've been a type 1 Diabetic for 21 years. I switched from Toujeo to Tresiba to try and combat the the low blood sugars I have while I 'm asleep. My endo said this was the only type of LL insulin that had the compound breakdown to avoid the night time lows. Every review (there are hardly any patient reviews for this drug) has said it takes significantly lower doses on this then any other LL insulin. That has actually not been my experience. I 've had to increase the LL dose and oddly enough, I still have those night time lows. Then all day my blood sugar is higher then it needs to be. Two weeks on it is plenty of time for my body to adjust, yet I 'm still having the same issues. Not impressed with this insulin. Had much more stable BS on Toujeo
I started taking Nuvaring a couple of weeks ago.  I came to this site because I am afraid that my side effects could be early pregnancy due to failure of the birth control- based on prior responses it sounds like these are probably just bad side effects:bloating, lower back pain, constipation, nausea, headaches, loss of appetite, racing heart, anxiety.
Been taking this medicine for two weeks. I noticed I 'm really itchy, my stomach is so sick, headaches, and I 'm very tired. I hope it gets better.
Pros: Didn 't get pregnant, Acne became less severe, period was light and very predictable.Cons: Horrible headaches for 3 months in the beginning, weight gain, increased incidence of spider veins, mood swingsOverall: It worked I did not get pregnant, However, the side effects worried/bothered me so I stopped taking it and have since gotten a prescription for a lower dose BC pill called Mircette.
Been on my period for 6 months straight now. Not a light/spotting thing either. I bleed through super tampons. I don 't think I can handle it much longer.
Started on a 10 day course for this antibiotic. Nausea and going to the toilet were side effect. Tried probiotic tablets and yogurt for stomach and it seems like its working. Gravol (the non drowsy type) seems to help with nausea.
My doctor prescribed this drug to me as a preventative measure against ovarian cysts. The first few months were good, normal periods and no notable side effects. Last month, the day after starting my 4th month pack, I woke up dizzy and nauseous. After a sudden attack of violent vomiting I was sent to the ER where doctors believed I had a seizure. After starting my 5th month pack this week, the same thing happened to me.  This drug works but the first few days after Placebo week are starting to scare me.
It is difficult to rate this medication. I have all forms of Neuropathy, very painful and Lyrica has been the best so far at eliminating pain, allowing me to overcome the insomnia from the Neuropathy and opiate medication. Even at very small doses. I take 50mg once daily before bed and it works. The problem is the side effects, the worst being that after three days my eyesight is so degraded that I can not drive, I cannot read anything on the television 6 feet away, there is some eye pain and my eyes seem dry and burning. Eye problems can be serious. Wandering eye, crossed eyes and most commonly blurred vision. It also causes peripheral edema in my legs and feet.
I am on my second week of Victoza. I have had only headache and neck pain but I increased my water intake and I am hoping this will help. I have lost 2.5 lbs. I have been eating properly and exercising for about 3 months now along with weight watchers. It is my hope to get off all meds. Weight loss will help this I am sure! My sugar readings have gone form 180-350 to 59-180...59 being the first day. I have decreased my Lantus from 42 units to 15 units. I am hoping that less insulin means better results at the scale. 
Have lower back pain with it and it gives me the chills, otherwise is seems to be working pretty well. I 'm on day 5 but accidentally missed day 4 and saw some setbacks.
I just took my third injection last night. I still feel hungry on this medication. Wondering if it takes a while for the medication to kick in. I am hoping this med works well for me. I have had no pain with the shots, no medication leaking back out of injection site (maybe a drop) and no sight of lumps that people reference in posts. Hoping for weight loss from this medication, but don 't see that happening at this stage. Maybe it takes several weeks to start working. Interesting that I was not able to tolerate Byetta for even one day but have had no issues with Buydureon.
Not a bad anti-inflamatory. Better if taking it with a Vicodin or Percocet.
I 've been taking Necon 1/35 for almost 2 months now and so far I have experienced acne (which I 've never had before), weight gain, Breast growth (I was already a double D Before), and crying spells. I think the worst is the weight gain and cryin spells. This medicine has helped tremendously with my irregular heavy periods though. I now have shorter periods and only once a month. I 'm going to continue taking this for another month and then I may consult my doctor.
I started September 1st 2017 with the starter pack. Had the usual symptoms that everyone is talking about. Toughed it out. Then the monthly dosage started after the starter pack finished. About the third and a half week I had pain in the lower left side of my stomach. I stopped the pill for a week. Pain was gone. So I thought lets try again.I then started the pill only in the evenings. Basically half dose. Since the start till now October 20 2017, my plaque psoriasis has been noticeably reduced. Halving the half (1 pill a day) dose has also calmed my usual symptoms. I am tempted to start back on 2 pills a day again.
I have been on Avapro for 5 months now at 300mg a day. I have had no side effects. But my blood pressure has now started to rise. The last two times it was at 177 over 128 and then 170 over 120. I now get very light headed when I stand up due to the high blood pressure. I don 't think it is good for me. Overall it worked for a while, but is no loner working for me.
I am currently on day 5 of a 10 day course of augmentin Es 600 5ml 2x a day for a high count e coli UTI. This is my 3rd antibiotic for this. It 's working. Killing the bacteria. I am having yeast like issue even though I 'm on 3 probiotics a day and loose stool. I also have bad muscle soreness and pain if I do the slightest activity. I will update after I finish the course but wanted to aware of these strong side effects.
I 've been taking Klonopin for about 3 months now. Although it does alleviate my anxiety levels, I find that I sometimes get agitated very easily and become short tempered.
I am type 1 diabetic for 15 years. I went through ketoacidosis and was released from the hospital with blood sugars in the mid 400 range. My numbers before buried in would go to the mid 300. I am 5 weeks into once per week bydureon. The needle is very thick- u get used to that.There is some nausea but mine usually goes away after a day and a half.I just developed the worse diarrhea and stomach pains for 2 days after eating in week 5- I need to see if this is gonna go away.The biggest benefit- my blood sugar levels have gotten down in the 100s and very rarely goes above 150 let alone 200 and my high and low bs rollercoaster is no more.Overall I think I will tolerate the nausea and occasional diarrhea if my numbers are under control.
I have been on this medication for 10 days and am feeling more energetic and even tempered.  However, I am not sleeping well at all and that is really starting to get to me.  I hope that goes away!
This is the second type of birth control pill that I 've been testing out. The first one that I was on gave me severe headaches practically everyday. Luckily with Aviane my headaches are gone. This is my 3rd month on Aviane and it 's been okay. I 've been having breakthrough bleeding and a few pimples here and there whenever I am about to start my period. Also whenever I am about to start my period I get depressed and I get really bad cramps. I am most likely going to switch to a different pill. Hopefully I find one that 's right for me.
If you already have a lot of personality, this pill probably isn 't for you. Mood switches were very common. I 'm talking 0 to mega alpha psychotic in oscillations. Taking it at night had a caffeine-like effect. Cramping during the beginning of my cycle was almost negligent. Appetite was ravenous then leveled off towards the end of the pack. Libido was slightly decreased as well as slight vaginal dryness.
I take 150mg propafenone twice daily for prolonged VT. My heart has been steady for five months. But I now see that this drug should not be used if there is a heart conduction problem. I have both LBBB and RBBB. I can find no guidance whether to keep on or stop it.
It works sometimes while other times it makes me more depressed
I just got prescribed this medication. 10mg to start. I 'm taking it for my extremely high anxiety and bi polar depression. I have read a lot of review 's, so I will definitely stay away from CARBS!!  Hoping this will give me my life back! I 'll return in 5 days and give a review on how I 'm feeling. Wish me luck!8/18/17 New update on taking the Zyprexa. Today is day 8 on the the Zyprexa and I have to say, I honestly feel like my old self again. I 'm happy, my mood is stable I 'm sleeping great! I 'm more active now than I 've ever been since my 20 's. So far I can honestly say this medication is working great for me. I 'm actually excited about life again! Also, no weight gain so far and no increased cravings of food.
Ok ladies... I have had Nexplanon now for a little over a year and half. At first I was very happy with it. I got I put in on the last day of my period and I was on the pill before this. I didn 't get my period again no spotting no bleeding for over a year.. I didn 't think it affected my sex drive but my fianc
I 've been taking Apri for 5 months now in hopes to clear my acne. There has been zero improvement! Although everything else about Apri is positive. No weight gain
Tried linzess for about three months after fighting insurance company to cover.  It worked well for that time, similar to once popular zelnorm.  However at the third month, I bloated out all over my body. This was listed as a side effect so I stopped taking it and returned to align.  Too bad!
I 'm about 50/50 on this BC. I started it about 4 months ago, of course from a recommendation by my doctor. Unlike most people, I haven 't had breakouts (in fact, my skins been quite clear) amd I havent gained weight. It 's helped with all mood swings I had prior to taking the pill and it hasn 't altered my sex drive. The only problem I have with it is that my periods are about two to three times longer as they were. I used to have 5 day long periods; they were heavy and irregular with patterns. Sometimes I 'd have them every two months, sometimes every two weeks. Now they 're once every month, but last 10 to 15 days... its very, very light, but its still annoying. But then again it 's different for everyone.
My bladder was out of control ! Having to urinate almost every 45 min to an hour. Seriously, I was going 25-30 times a day. It was awful. The Dr put me on Vesicare 5mg. It worked great from the 2-3 day..however after a week or so my symptoms came back. He decided to put me on the 10 mg. At first my mouth and eyes were very dry, I almost stopped taking it. I decided to give it some time and see what happened. The drug was a life saver for me, the dry mouth and eyes went away after the 2nd week. Constipation was kind of an issue but I started using Miralax and had no problems at all. Well that is until about 3-4 weeks of taking the 10 mg....It seems as though my symptoms are coming back.
I took one Dulcolax due to constipation one hour before bedtime woke and felt fine. Went to get out of bed and had such intense abdominal cramps I collapsed on the floor with the pain, had to go to a emergency appointment at my doctors curled up in the back of the car. Doctor told me my stomach had gone into spasm and just incase wanted me admitted to hospital for observation. As I hate hospitals he allowed me to go home and prescribed strong painkillers and rung me later in the day to see how I was. It took over 12 hours with the painkillers for the pain to go away.
Prozac made me feel a lot less depressed a first, but then it started causing really bad insomnia.
So I started Yasmin on December 29, 2016 &amp; began taking it regularly at 7:30PM to avoid unwanted nausea that 's often reported by women who take it early in the morning. The first week was fine, the second week made me awfully depressed but I noticed clearer skin, and the third week brought along frequent urination which frightened me bc thats a symptom of pregnancy. But then with some online research, I found out that Yasmin definitely has a diuretic side effect that causes frequent urination. Instead of retaining the water (which causes bloating), frequent urination assisted in preventing bloating. In the third week, I had withdrawal bleeding 3 days into the inactive pills, which last about 5 days.
The doctor who inserted my implanon had told me that she usually reccomends the shot before jumping in to the implant.She told me she had many patients who havent used any type of contraceptive prior to getting the implanon inserted. resulting in most of her patients coming back for removal within a month.try out the shot for couple months to see if you like it.The shot has the same symptoms as the implant.I used to be on the depovera(the shot).And my side effects were crazy mood swings,no period.dont jump into it if your not sure.I reccomend implanon if you dont want children 4 @ least 3 years &amp; if you tried diffrent methods of birth control.it 's up to you if the side effects is worth it.
In my case it triggered a manic episode, so I 'm no longer on it, but a family member takes it for clinical depression and has seen wonderful results.
I was prescribed Luvox for Obsessive Compulsive Disorder even though I don 't think I have OCD. I think I have anxiety and panic disorder/depression. I have excessive worrying, panic attacks, sleeping problems, ruminations but no compulsions I can think of. However my psychiatrist says I have OCD and put me on Luvox. Immediately my sleep improved and my excessive worrying has been reduced by about 50%. I am so much more relaxed. However I don 't seem to really care about anything and its hard to get out of bed and do much even on a low dose (25mg). I feel like I am in slow motion and I 'm always tired. My body also feels like I have weights attached to it. I see a new psychiatrist in two weeks.
My doctor had prescribed Senokot 8.6mg tablets, 1x twice daily as needed to help compensate for my constipation that is commonly caused by narcotic pain relievers, such as Morphine, Methadone, oxycodone. At first it was great. I had no discoloration, no bloating, it was comfortable and gentle, almost as if it were natural.  However, after about 3 months my bowels did start to become lazy and my Doctor had to give me something else in which to alternate off and on with.If while on this you notice the time between movements has increased to the point where you are &quot;certain&quot; it has, TELL YOUR DOCTOR! You 'll just hurt yourself more the longer you wait.
Yaz gave me immediate bloating, gas from the day I started taking it. In addition, I had severe headaches and fatigue. My breasts grew a cup size which was bad to me because they hurt all the time and my boobs aren 't small to begin with. I wanted to sleep all the time and was ready to be in bed by 7pm every night. It made me lose my desire to exercise. On a positive note, it made me feel a lot less anxious than Loestrin 24 FE did. However, the cons outweighed the pros for me and I started Loestrin 24 FE after and like it much better.
Been on Trintellix 5mg for about three weeks and going to increase to 10mg tomorrow. The first week, I got stomach pain, but not nausea. The second week I got diarrhea for 4 days and then I started to have headaches + panic attack in the evening. I take Xanax for that. I was diagnosed with atypical depression after several tests to rule out other illnesses. It took me about a year and I got more fatigued that I could barely walk. I was constantly hungry, used to wake up in the middle of the night, and had constant thoughts that I couldn 't get rid of. My depression was triggered by prolonged school anxiety, I tried Zoloft and Cipralex but they gave me bad side effects. Trintellix is slowly increasing my energy and mood.
I take this for depression and generalised anxiety; I do suffer from social anxiety as well, have done for 12 years. Had pretty much no side effects, started on 10mg, up to 20mg, then up to 40mg for 10 days before my period due to suspected PMDD. Then 40mg daily. Have recently dropped back to 20mg, without discussing with doctor, as my depression is still going strong, anxiety is better but still visits and socially? The last few weeks have noticed a big change in my head, for the worse; everyone is  'out to get me / hates me ' type thinking, plus I 'm starting to depress-eat after finally losing 10kg (yes it was anxiety related stress, but silver lining, I lost 10kg!).
I started taking birth control about 4 years ago and have been on a lot since then. My doctor recommended Nuvaring for its convenience and told me that most women love it and side effects were really rare.    Within a couple weeks of taking it, I started getting SEVERE breakouts on my chest and back.  It was bizarre because never in my life had breakouts on this part of my body, and I have never suffered from more than the occasional minor breakout on my face.  I even went to a dermatologist to try to treat it because I did like the Nuvaring for the most part, but the breakouts kept getting worse, to the point they went all the way down my spine and my bellybutton.  I took the ring out, and within days it cleared up.
I have been taking birth control pills for 7 years now. Was on Tri-Sprintec for most of that time and my breasts would get really sore once a month, so the doctor switched me to Levora. I had no problems with Levora. However, for the past 4 months, the pharmacist switched me to Portia and I have horrible breakouts one week a month. Kind of embarrassing when you 're 27. To make matters worse, I have had perfect skin my entire life up until this point. That was the one thing I have always received compliments on, so it 's especially heartbreaking to now go through this. I need to switch ASAP.
I was diagnosed with Discoid lupus in 2009 and I began using Plaquenil once I stopped breastfeeding. Initially, the only difference I noticed was my hair stopped falling out. After taking Plaquenil for a less than a year my face and neck started turning black. My dermatologist is convinced that Plaquenil is the culprit and just recently confirmed it. Between my rheumatologist and dermatologist they 're trying to find the right medicine that will work. I 've been using bleaching creams for about 9 months and they haven 't worked well. I tried to come off Plaquenil but I experience bad headaches and hair loss.
Caused fatigue, leg cramps, nausea.
I used YAZ for about 3 months, and I would give it a 5. The period was very light for me and it had no impact on weight gain or weight loss. It also seemed to have decreased my love for food. So in that sense it was nice. However for the first couple months, I was extremely emotional. I felt overwhelmed about everything and I felt like crying about everything. 3rd month everything seem to have calmed down except the occasional emotional outbursts.After I was on Yaz, I constantly felt pressure in my chest area and heartburn-like symptoms. I never had these symptoms before I started taking Yaz.
I am on my second pack of Seasonique. Day 2 of the yellow pills and my period hasn 't come yet. Could be because 2 weeks ago I had a 10 day period with heavy clotting. I have had no bad side effects other than lack of sex drive which doesn 't bother me since I am not having sex. I am using this to treat my ovarian cysts that have grown back.
Eased the symptoms of urinary tract infection in 2 days. Side effects are pretty bad though. I was prescribed the 500 mg twice a day, and every time I 've taken the pill I feel extremely nauseous for at least an hour or two. I 'm only on the second day and I feel so sick after taking it, and have vomited once because of it. I have followed the instructions and taken it with food every time. These side effects just seem unavoidable for me.
I have osteoarthritis, some days the pain in ALL my joints is very bad.  I have taken Solumedrol several times and have relief (not stopping the pain) for a few months, but I need it again.
I believe that the people having side effects from Saw Palmetto are actually having side effects from the solvents used in extracting the active ingredients in manufacturing.Solvents such as Hexane leave residue and are extreme toxic.  Only Saw Palmetto extracted using high-pressure carbon dioxide should be consumed.  This is the safest method known.
I was happy with medication, as I did not have as many side effect, but on day 17 of taking it, I developed a rash on my stomach, next day chest and lower back, third day neck and face. It was the only thing I was doing differently, so I looked up its side effects. Rash was listed and could occur within 10 to 20 days. It is a Saturday, so as advised online I stopped the medication. I hope this a temporary condition, and I can begin again, or an alternative can be found.
I took the pill within the 72 hour period  (I am a plus size woman, I don 't see many reviews about PSWs and allegedly there 's some weight limit to the pill), got my period about a week or two later and I haven 't had my period for this month. The period I did have lasted about two or three days longer (about 8 days.) So I 'm sure the pill works to a certain extent, I guess my period still needs to regulate. It 's costly but effective.
My mum has been taking Lyrica for around three years. It has been a huge problem! Drugs.com has a page on Lyrica 's Side Effects yet it doesn 't mention is that it can cause a stroke.My mum has had three mini strokes. It has given her dementia, incontinence, she can 't walk properly etc. She has many of the side effects mentioned. The doctor is slowly taking her off Lyrica and she almost back to herself.
Pros: Didn 't get pregnant, Acne became less severe, period was light and very predictable.Cons: Horrible headaches for 3 months in the beginning, weight gain, increased incidence of spider veins, mood swingsOverall: It worked I did not get pregnant, However, the side effects worried/bothered me so I stopped taking it and have since gotten a prescription for a lower dose BC pill called Mircette.
I 've had Nexplanon for almost a year now and I have to say, it seems like I have experienced every side effect there is! Hair loss, yeast infection, frequent discharges, and especially weight gain! No I 'm not fat but I have gained some weight. I believe that this is good birth control because you don 't have to worry about remembering to take a pill everyday or getting the shot but it has it 's ups and down. My sex drive totally left the building and mood swings are crazy. My boyfriend hates it but I need it!
This medicine stopped the restless leg issues, but it made me extremely groggy and a bit depressed.
This medicine was useful at first then your body adjusts and you need more to make it work. Well they gave me more and I was also taking Prozac for anxiety, and Trazadone to help with sleeping. Turns this combination of antidepressantss and Tramadol can cause serious drug interactions, so if you feel that something is just not right speak to your doctor as I did.  It saved my life.
My psychiatrist prescribed me Luvox 100mg that I 've been on for close to 2 months to help me deal with symptoms of stress and social anxiety.  I would say the medication works but the side effects aren 't worth me continuing it so I 'm going to see about something else that is proven to have less side effects.  Some of the side effects I was experiencing were difficulty staying asleep and waking up with night sweats, dry mouth, and sore throat.  I think Zoloft worked better for me.
although OK when I first stated to take this 30mg caps, then increased to 60 mg daily...after some years , I am showing more signs of tiredness, confusion, anxiety, hot flushes, and  forgetfulness and general mental decline, and still get depressed, among  symptoms....am truly concerned about this, as is my Husband and children (as I am not yet 65 yrs old)...and have always been in good health. I do not smoke, do drugs, and very  seldom drink alcohol....
Lowered my blood pressure, excessive dizziness. Extreme fatigue, chest pain.
Intense abdominal pain. Bloody diarrhea.Loss of blood from diarrhea causing excessive weakness. Resulting in 6 day intensive care in hospital.
I immediately noticed I was 'm eating the amount I was but then the fatigue, jumpy feeling and omg depression began. I stopped taking it after either biting off someone 's head one second and the next a puddle of tears. If you don 't experience these side effects then go for it but I was not sacrificing my sanity for my weight loss.
My permanently blocked and stuffed up nose cleared within about 3 days of starting this medication, it was fantastic until about two days later when I began to suffer some serious side effects; hives, conjunctivitis in one eye and flu-like aches and pains.  I felt so awful I quit taking the medication that day.  Now I 'm too scared to try it again!  If it hadn 't have been for the side effects I would 've given 10/10.
This pill was low cost and extremely helpful for my poor complexion. However, I 've gained weight, had daily headaches, and I 've felt extremely dizzy after taking it for 4 months. There were benefits, but they did not outweigh the side effects for me.
Was notified recently that the expensive drug Zetia now has a generic version called Ezetimibe however Zetia is a tier 3 drug and Ezetimibe is a tier 4 drug which means I will be paying even more than before since my plan will no longer carry Zetia after June 1,2017.  Unbelievable!!
Oh man does this burn! ugh just used first treatment......... Yikes.,.......
I 'm on day 6 of 10 for C-diff and don 't feel there is much of an improvement. The taste is horrible! I 've had the worst anxiety attacks from this along with daily headaches. I think I could sleep all day and night with this stuff. I 'm hoping I start to feel better soon
I don 't advise anybody to go off the medicine as dramatic as I have, but I do hope the best for everyone. Just pray if it helps and always know your purpose in life is to find happiness.
It didn 't work for my son and he ended up bouncing around on a lot of medicines.
Work good the back and body work a little better.  Be careful not to take to much because it will mess up your stomach.
I 've lost a little weight 5 -7 lb.s in 2 weeks &amp; have lost some of the binge eating. So it 's worked, but has side effects like nausea, throwing up twice now, constipation. My wife thinks I 'm grumpier, definitely maybe? Losing weight ain 't no pleasure cruise, but not ready to succumb to diebeties.
I got the shot at my first 6 weeks check up after I had my baby and I bled 6 months straight it finally stopped and then every other month I will bleed heavy for a few days and it continues on and on I have gained so much weight off of this shot it just makes my body feel funny. I wont ' be continuing this shot! Don 't take the shot.
I like the pill now because most of the side effects have gone away. The first month is the hardest though. My body had a very hard time adjusting to the pill and I had insane mood swings. I went from insanely angry, to sad, and depressed, even considering self harm. I do not feel any of those emotions now but if you are someone who is prone to depression try another pill.
I have been using Spiriva since 2009. It was okay for the first 4 years. Lung function improved, but not great. My bladder is suffering terribly, so I gave up Spiriva last week. The bladder side effects are worse to me than the lung function. Have suffered several bouts of UTI 's while being on Spiriva as well. Also, sometimes the capsules are empty. I reported this to the FDA twice, with no results. Spiriva is expensive, so to have 1-5 capsules per box empty, is very costly. Now, a week Spiriva free, my bladder function has improved, but my breathing is becoming more labored. I will try my albuterol inhaler, but will use it sparingly as well because it causes bladder problems too.
My adult size teenage son was given Benadryl IV, 50mg, *along with Compazine IV as a &quot;headache cocktail&quot; in an emergency room in September of 2016. While there is no way to know for certain if Compazine or Benadryl caused the severe reaction he experienced, he has tolerated oral Benadryl just fine in the past. However,  it seems important to share our experience based on the severity of his reaction that day and that multiple reports of similar exist. I do not recommend the &quot;headache cocktail&quot; of Benadryl and Compazine together and hope the number of similar reports are looked into.
I 've been on reclipsen for years now. It 's been horrible,  but I 've felt trapped to stay on it. I do not believe in IUDs &amp; many other forms of birth control so my primary care doctor felt this low dose would be best. We 've never had any unwanted pregnancy, so it 's  effective in that manner. But here are all the issues I 've had with it: mood swings, depression, anxiety, emotional instability overall, low sex drive, vaginal dryness &amp; migraines. I 'll be getting off of it soon with the guidance of a new obgyn.
I have been on Gilenya for 8 weeks and just recently noticed my hair has begun to thin. As I brush, numerous strands fall out.  I am a 32 year old female so this is very concerning.  
HORRIBLE!....Before Skyla... I was on Jaz for 5 years until my Dr. said No more!. With Jaz I had chest pains, but never Acne and I lost 20 pounds while I was in it. So I decided to switch to Skyla.1. Insertion: I cant describe how painful it was. I thought I was gonna pass out/2. Never stopt bleeding then spotting for 3 months. After that it seemed that the spotting stop! ... Nope! the spotting stop, but my my periods from 4days turned into 8 days(not an exageration or lying) everything is on my medical records./3. I develop cysts &amp; fibroids, and the skyla hormone was feeding it/ 4. I developed the worse Acne ever througout my life. I never got Acne that bad, not even in the worse times of my life./5. Enough! when my period showed twice.
24 year old female. Had this implant for the past half year. Initially thought this was going to be a perfect birth control - it 's not a pill so I never forget having to routinely take medicine and it 's invisible. You never have to think about it so the sex is spontaneous and worry free. I 've had no emotional problems with it, but I started to notice over time my clothes were getting tighter even with no drastic changes in my diet or exercise. Not having a weighing scale at home, I never knew that I had gained 30 pounds on Nexplanon, then another 13 when I had checked again. I went from a steady 132 to a 175 the entire time I 've had it in me. If it weren 't for the weight gain I would stick with it but I 'm getting it out tomorrow.
I have been using Lasix in combination with Hydrochlorothiazide for 6 months for pitting edema/hypertension and it 's effects seem to have worn off. I started on 20mg once a day for 2 months then up to 40mg once a day for the last 4 months. Now my legs are back to swelling as much as if I were taking nothing. My blood pressure is good though. Side effects, headaches.
I can 't share much YET because I literally started this medication last Sunday (today is Thursday).  Only have two complaints - the cost is the first one!  I hate that insurance won 't cover this, and #2 (something I see no one else complain about!) is constipation!  It 's awful.  Just a few days in and I do take Colace every day, plus I also take Miralax.  I even took senna tablets last night and nothing.  Ugh!  That 's so uncomfortable.  I haven 't weighed myself yet, I will do it this Sunday and see if anything has been lost one week down.
The taste is awful. I  mixed the first bottle with water as directed. I held my nose and chugged down 1/3 of the poop juice at a time, finishing in 7 minutes, a swig of chicken broth between chugs rid the taste. I 'm a 70 yr. young man. I almost vomited - fighting thru dry heaves from the first bottle. The water chaser helped keep it down. My bowels started evacuating in 10 minutes. The warm liquid exiting my butt contained a few solid stools but mostly liquid.  I didn 't do the 2nd dose. Turns out I didn 't need to. No problem with colonoscopy. Warning...I went to lay down but had to jump up to the bathroom when more liquid escaped my butt wetting my underwear. Good idea to put a towel down on ur bed!
I have been on Loestrin 24 for a year and a half now due to heavy periods and severe cramps and I haven 't had many problems with it. My periods have gotten lighter only lasting about 4 days and I have had little to no cramps. I never gained any weight and my breasts were never tender. Though, one side effect that I did always seem to have was yeast infections. Also, if the pill was missed or taken late, then it made me very nauseated and I had to miss class a few times. Overall, it was a great birth control but I am now switching to Ortho Tri Cyclen Lo.
I have been on this medicine for over a year now. It was helpful in controlling the anxiety and panic attacks so much so that with the help of other holistic therapies (chiropractic twice weekly, nettle infusions, herbs and blood type diet to cleanse colon) that I feel its time to try life without medicines once again.Ruminating thoughts snowballing, vivid and often violent dreams are constant and have been all throughout the treatment. I plan on taking myself off over the next 6 months so I can learn to FULLY relax. Now my anxiety is under control and my lifestyle has changed to enable that to continue.
I feel nervous and can 't sleep after taking this
Im up to 200mg per day, and honestly, I really dont know how much its helping me.  I seem to be a lot better, but I think the Clonopin does a lot more for me.
Although this medication did bring my sugars down a bit and my tastings incredible I had to stop taking it because of constant yeast infections. I thought I could toughen it out but after being on it for three months and no sign of the infections going away my doctor took me off of it. I have also notice my hair is so much thinner and falling out. My nails were also brittle and breaking. And make sure you drink plenty of water because it dehydrates you very fast
I 've been on the Nexplanon for just over a year in November 2015. I decided to try it because I was on the Depo for too long. I went 10 months with no spotting or bleeding. I 'm guess 'n my body was slowly taking itself off the depo. About 3 months I spotted for about 5 days. Then the 4th month I spotted for about 5 days, stopped for a day or so &amp; started back for about another 5 days. It finally stopped maybe the 3rd going into the 4th week in December. I was like thank goodness. Now it has started back up on the 15th of January 2016. It started light and seem to get heavy at times. It has been 2wks as I type this and it 's nerve wreckn especially when you at a job that you can 't just up and go to the rest room to check yourself. Getn it removed ASAP
I have been using Spiriva since 2009. It was okay for the first 4 years. Lung function improved, but not great. My bladder is suffering terribly, so I gave up Spiriva last week. The bladder side effects are worse to me than the lung function. Have suffered several bouts of UTI 's while being on Spiriva as well. Also, sometimes the capsules are empty. I reported this to the FDA twice, with no results. Spiriva is expensive, so to have 1-5 capsules per box empty, is very costly. Now, a week Spiriva free, my bladder function has improved, but my breathing is becoming more labored. I will try my albuterol inhaler, but will use it sparingly as well because it causes bladder problems too.
I have been on Doxepin and Xanax for 28 years, I take 150 mg doxepin at night and 1 Xanax at night 1mg. My doctor has me taking no more than five Xanax a day. I am starting to get more and more panic attacks during the day but I don 't want to take more than 4 of the Xanax.
I 'm not sure if it 's working was prescribed 2 a day for 10 days I get cystic acne and I have broke out worse since taking it makes me bloated and tired but can 't sleep also makes my skin super dry I just finished my last dose I hope it 's one of those gets worse before it gets better, just try to get accutane.
It is an effective remedy but the side effects in my case were worse than the problem. There was a point after about a week on the drug that I thought I was going to die. Daily it got worse and I felt very tired all the time and it caused severe dizziness, trouble breathing and while I was lying in bed I was woke up with a terrible feeling that I was passing out and could not go back to sleep and just lay there with the feeling of my head swirling.
I 've taken melatonin 3g before but I just started taking it again and have been feeling dizzy with extremely bad headaches and my hands are shaky. I also feel it is harder to wake up in the mornings. Not sure if its reacting with my Prozac because before I took Prozac it worked very well. I do recommend it but obviously if you get these symptoms you are going to want to stop.
I was prescribed Celexa and Ativan for severe anxiety. I was told to take Celexa 20mg in the morning as soon as I got up, and take Ativan 3x a day. So far so good if you want to ZERO emotions. I work in a high stress job and and can 't be a zombie all day so I quit taking the Ativan. Seems as though the Celexa is doing its job pretty well. I 'm able to function at work, just a bit lethargic. tomorrow will be 1 week, and the Dr said it will take up to a month to receive the full benefits, Fingers crosses!
Still weigh 230 after 1 month. Wk.1 lost 3 lbs but gained them back by week two. Water loss.  All this pill did was control sweet cravings but suffered because was always extremely hungry. Don 't waste money. You need to be on strict diet and extreme exercise plain walking will not do it. If you diet and exercise you should not need contrave. Try getting the free week trial to try as it is expensive $90 for month supply. Used my Xmas gift money and birthday money and now I am sad cause did not work for me and am short of money. When I read review there were not many with negative result. Now I think they may not publish all reviews. Get another less expensive pill. I am unable to walk much
This medication makes me light headed and sleepy. Not worth less the pain
Avelox did promptly clear up bronchitis and sinusitis. My ankles were so swollen that I could only wear loose fitting houseshoes for the 10 day treatment time. It made me feel jittery and caused abdominal cramps. 
Helps a lot with anxiety and depression but made me emotionally numb with a low sex drive (27 male here). I 've been on them for about four months and am going off them. Don 't use citalopram unless you really need to. I 'm finding myself less motivated about life and apathetic towards a lot after being on them all this time.
Was on Lexapro for 10 yrs at 10 mil and was wonderful? Then it pooped out! Doctor than prescribed 20 mil which I have been taking for 7 weeks now? My question is has anyone taken this long or longer to see results?
I 've been taking Abilify for eight months now. Although it made me gain 15-20kg (something like 33-40 lbs I believe?), my experience is quite positive. The sadness from my major depressive episode, as well as my suicidal thoughts, have been almost annihilated. The reason why I rated it as a six is because it didn 't help ease the great fatigue I have. But it helped a lot, that is for sure.
I have a love/hate relationship with Mirena. When it was inserted, it was uncomfortable for sure. I also bled like the river nile for about a month straight, my body took a break for a week and then bled again for another 2 weeks. I had it placed in June, it 's now the end of October. I spot every now and then and almost always have brown discharge. However, I am prone to long horrendous periods and migraines without BC and since the initial bleeding has stopped, my migraines are fewer and the bleeding seems to be as well. BUT, I have acne. On my chin, neck and back and that is really frustrating. Weight hasn 't changed, but bloating is present, and breasts are always tender. Yeast infections too. I 'm considering removal.
I started taking this medication in combination with Quinapril, which apparently is common (they also make a single pill containing both medicines).  My blood pressure was reduced, though it is hard to say if one medicine was more effective than the other.  However, after taking this, I began having attacks of gout, which I 've never had in my life.  This diuretic increases uric acid levels in the bloodstream, which is the cause of gout.  If you are prone to gout or develop it let your doctor know.
It is very useful for treating dental abscess but a combination will work better, along with  amoxicillin. Flagyl alone might not be good enough.
I have a hard time rating this, because my feelings are mixed. I naturally have emotionally high highs and low lows when not on any birth control. On this pill the emotions have somewhat leveled out, though not as much as they did on Yaz and maybe not enough. The real down side is a severely decreased sex drive (same response on Yaz) and it 's affecting my relationship with my boyfriend. I can 't attribute my breast growth, skin clearing or weight gain to Aviane - all due to other factors. I take Aviane at night to sleep through the nausea (same on Yaz). If I miss a pill and have to take 2, it WILL make me vomit. But taking 1 pill each night as prescribed makes it manageable. I don 't want to shop around, but maybe Aviane is not the pill for me.
It makes my stomach cramp and haven 't lost as much weight as I had hoped
I started this 4 days ago.. taking 1/2 of 50 mg at night.. so 25 mg. I will do that for 7 nights, then up to 50mg for 7 nights, then 75 mg for 7 nights, then 100 mg for 7 nights, and so on until I reach a mg my Dr. and I are comfortable with.So far I have not had any side effects except- not being hungry. In the last 3 days I have hardly eaten anything. I 've been very thirsty for water, soda taste like crap- and I was very addicted to diet coke. I haven 't weighed yet... been meaning to. Last I weighed was a month or so ago, and I was at 180 ish. Today is July 10th 2017. I will weigh after work and see where I am so I have a better idea who this will effect me!I 've gone from 120 to 180 ish in the past year - with different meds..
I 've been on birth control for 10 years and had to switch to a progestin version due to high blood pressure.. I had NO problems with my previous birth control, however with Camila I have not stopped spotting since I started it a month and a half ago. I 've had headaches almost every day, and hormonal acne has increased (chin and forehead) also my hair has been falling out in clumps! I 've never heard of this before and I 'm so frustrated. You have to take it at the same time every day too. I 'm stopping it today.
I feel odd on Belsomra.  I am very active and work out every day.  But my muscles now ache and it burns to keep my eyes open.  I am finally getting sleep, so that is positive.  But I feel like something is amiss.   I don 't feel as if I need to actually take a nap during the day, but I feel like I am in a giant fog.  If that makes sense.
I suffer with PCOS which is one main cause of my weight gain. I am a terrible 16 stone 1 but throughout all the exercise and diet I 'm doing. My weight has just stabilized and I 'm lucky if I can loose 1 pound in 3 months. My doctor has recommended orlistat so I will be going back on Tuesday to collect it. I have heard good results about it so I 'm hoping this will be for me because its my last resort, apart from a gastric bypass (I don 't want surgery). I will keep you updated. Fingers crossed.
So after several failed attempts over 2 months to heal my BV naturally, I broke down and started the Flagyl. 1st pill, loud ringing in ear, Interesting. Slight queasy feeling, rarely. 3rd day in, cannot sleep! I would say it does cause some insomnia. Weird taste in mouth. Weird body odor. Yes it is coming out of my pores. But this is nothing too major. I can deal. Almost RIGHT AWAY, 1 day in, noticed an improvement in symptoms. Was having burning, and inflammation in the vagina, weird smell, and a weird discharge, thin and greyish. These symptoms improved fast after taking the medicine. I do have slight headaches at times. Dark urine. Drinking water! Taking yogurt, ginger tea, yeast remedy and probiotics. I hope I can finish the rest.
I used Claravis for 5 months and the results were amazing at first. However, I have been off Claravis for 2 months now and I 'm getting stubborn cyst pimples and whiteheads again. I don 't know what to do because I thought this was a &quot;last resort&quot; medication. I am going back to my dermatologist.
This medicine helped my neuropathic pain, but gave me neck and shoulder pain I couldn 't talk without straining to find the words I walked around like I was drunk. I 'm off and back to me again
levels the pain out but creates severe fatigue - still have to use tramadol but in lower doses.
I have been taking sertraline for  2 months it has  helped with some symptoms.  It has made me feel quite low at tmes I am now taking 200mg but I am not quite convinced it is the right meds for me.
I haven 't experienced too much of the side effects like weight gain, nausea, or anything. But I noticed that my eyes are really dry all the time when I started taking these and I don 't know if its related for certain, but I 've had contacts for two years and this is the first time I 've had this issue. I 've had to switch to glasses as of late. Also, my depression has exponentially worsened. It feels like it hasn 't, but I never cried much and have cried almost every day since I 've taken these. I 'm going through real things, but I used to handle them better. But I guess these symptoms are better than pregnancy, and I haven 't gotten pregnant.
It has been a month since I have been taking Seasonique. So far, the only thing I noticed is increase in appetite, waking up earlier, not sleeping sound enough, feel bloated all the time, and the bleeding is just ridiculous. I have been spotting/bleeding since the first day. But,I am not going to give up, I want to see what happens and if its good. I just can 't quit smoking and that worries me.Good luck !
I got Ocella solely for the reason that I don 't want to get pregnant and I got it for free with my insurance. With starting my first pack, I was nauseous the first three days or so but not so bad I guess. Now I 'm on my last week of my second pack, about to be on my third pack and my acne has gotten a lot worse unfortunately. I 'm going to wait a couple of months to see if that changes though because other than that I love it.
The doctor decided to put me on Seroquel XR instead of Risperdal.  Today I took it then felt the calming effects of it then I was conscious of it kicking in and I started sweating.  The sweating stopped but all of a sudden I feel the same as I did before.  Is this normal?  I 'm also still feeling impulsive and have trouble communicating with people.
My PM MD gave me samples after being constantly constipated for 2 years. Post L5-S1 disc replacement - 50mcg/hr q72h of Fentanyl and 10mg Oxycodone 6x day. The 1st time you take Movantik make sure you take it on a day off from work! I took it on a weekend, first thing in AM as the instructions say (1h before your 1st meal) and had a BM approx 4hrs later. I strongly suggest taking a stool softener - the BM was so wide from sitting in my intestines that I cut myself while going and bled (awful feeling). I tried taking every other day but gave me nausea the day of taking it and usually the day after, very painful cramping before during and after taking the pill and having a BM, and dec appetite. Will try Relistor inj next.
Just started to take Savella and have had issues with sleeping and stomach.  Can 't find a site that shows the potential side effects, only generic side effects seem to be mentioned and I would like more detailed information.
I 've been taking microgestin for about a year and a half now, and it just recently occurred to me that the pill is the reason for my mental decline. When I first started the pill things were fine I didn 't have any abnormal side effects except for the slight, almost unnoticeable weight gain. Looking back, I 've noticed a gradual yet severe change in my mood and happiness. It wasn 't until a year and a half later I realized the pill was the reason for this. I sobbed to my mom one night and she explained that the pill did that to her too. After speaking with my gyno the next day, she assured me the progestin in Microgestin was the reason for my depression. I switched to Aviane and feel much much better.
I am now trying to get off this medicine. I have been taking it for 2 yrs. At times I have fast heartbeat and feel nervous and at times have joint pains. 
I started this drug a few weeks ago, and along with Coreg has done wonders for my blood pressure. However, I am experiencing the &quot;cough&quot;.
I 've had this since January 12 and my period has been off ever since.  I get killer headaches. Acne, sore breast and mild cramping but regardless its very helpful because I don 't have to do anything like worry about missing a dose. It 's still the best birth control I 've ever had.
34, no children. I hate hormones but finally gave in due to abnormal uterine bleeding and the hope Liletta would stop my periods. It releases a slightly lower dose of hormones than Mirena which is why I chose it. Had 4 lidocaine shots and insertion was still painful but not unbearable. I 've had it for 5 weeks nows, I bled heavy with clots and terrible cramps starting right after insertion for nearly 3 weeks. Then it lightened up to just bleeding during the day but I was still using 3-4 tampons a day. Now I 'm finally spotting, with no bleeding in the evening or overnight. I had horrific breast tenderness, moodiness, some bloating but no real weight gain. Also a bit of acne which is very annoying. If my periods stop/lighten I will keep it.
I had Mirena inserted in 2011 due to endometriosis, which is aggravated by estrogen so an IUD was the way to go at the time. Did not have any problems whatsoever. No weight gain or skin problems. Absolutely nothing. My 5 years with Mirena ended. I had Liletta inserted July 2016 only b/c my doctor suggested it. BIG MISTAKE! I have gained almost 30 lbs. I work out, watch what I eat and any other thing you can think of to lose weight. I 'm STILL gaining &amp; I now have really bad acid reflux because of it! It reminds me off the Depo experience I had years ago. On top of the extreme weight gain, my skin looks like I 'm going through puberty. Heck my skin wasn 't this bad during puberty! Not to mention the never ending cramps!  Got to get it out ASAP!
I have had the mirena for 18 months now. I am getting it removed on Friday. The 2 major reasons is weight gain (10 lbs) that is a lot for me as I am a personal trainer and it has killed my sex drive! I have always had a higher than average libido and for the past year it is gone. Not worth it to me. I would rather have my painful periods back!!!
I 'm telling you this medication is powerful and it works BUT I am giving it 5 out of ten right in the middle because it also has POWERFUL side effects. There is no doubt in my mind it works well BUT If your Very Hypersensitive like me to medications this one will knock you out ***Meaning its fighting the infection and doing its job*** but it can be a very uncomfortable experience... When you have a severe internal infection and take medication like this your body goes into overdrive helping the medicine work I took only a quarter of a 150 mg tablet  to let my body know whats happening and wow did just that make me so dizzy and just lay in bed like WOAH but 12 hrs later took all the rest in small increments and I 'm all better and it worked!
I 'm 21 and a mother of an almost 3 year old. I had my IUD inserted about 2 years ago. The pro is that I love not getting my period but I feel like I 've experienced more cons with it. I 've gained more weight then I did during my pregnancy, I cry for no reason. I feel bloated often, I 've recently started getting acne which I never had even as a teen. I know everyone is different but I 've decided to get mine removed after having it 2 years. I hope to use good old abstinence as my new birth control. As to you ladies that had amazing experiences I 'm very jealous!
Alli was working for me unfortunately I have medications for high blood pressure and seizures and Alli was affecting the absorption of those medications and I had to stop taking it. I loved it though.
I have been on Tresiba about 6 to 7 months and have gained about 10 pounds. Mostly in my gut area, love handles and biceps. I have keep my weight in good range by running 5 days a week, but now  I am starting to look and feel bloated all the time.I do like the fact that I am not profusely sweating like Lantus did to me.  What is a diabetic to do?I can 't lower the basal any more I take about 10 to 11 units and use 2 doses. I take 7 units in morning and 3 to 4 units at 8:30 PM
I took 15 mg instant release Ritalin for ADHD, to combat daytime sleepiness, and focus on med school studies. I have mixed feelings about this medication. It improved my focus a lot, but it also had some negative effects. I was very nauseous after taking the pill and would sometimes gag. Nausea was absent on days I didn 't take it. I had no appetite so I wasn 't eating enough, which isn 't ideal because I am already thin and not looking to lose weight. I would try to eat before taking the pill but I did notice either a decreased efficacy of the drug. It also increased my heart rate to about 120 beats per min (I am normally about 75). This did help me feel motivated and get work done, I just wish I didn 't experience these side effects.
Zyprexa- It is not a sedating medicine at all. It does nothing for anxiety and paranoia. It is extremely effective for panic and depression problems though. That 's the only thing I commend this medicine for. The weight gain for this medicine is worse than any other psychiatric medicine. It to me, feels like an acute medicine for panic attacks but that 's all I would say it 's beneficial towards. The trick to this medicine is it is not sedating, but it stops the central nervous system from freaking out, but you don 't actually feel sedated or calmer from it.
I 'd have to say that I 'm of a mixed opinion on Pradaxa. While I know that a blood thinner is necessary in my life, given my current condition, the downside to any of them is frustrating. Pradaxa 's downsides seem to be fairly minimal and as a result is the drug I 've chosen.  I really like the ability to reverse the effects with a single dose of a counter drug. Where I 've run into problems with it is primarily digestive. The acidic nature of the med has caused some stomach upset but more significantly diarrhea, loose stools and leakage. This has led to abrasion bleeding externally and problems with cleanliness. Recently, my doctor recommended  omeprazole to counter this effect and it appears to be working adequately.
Okay great so I 'm not pregnant, but wow my head is pounding and my stomach is all over the place. I have never experienced cramps this horrible. This sucks but I guess it 's better than a baby.
Currently on my 2nd round for a  'flare ' in my colitis......first time worked it 's magic so quickly I couldn 't believe it (started at 20mg for a week, reducing by 5mg each week). This time, I 've been taking 20mg per day constantly and, although symptoms have improved slightly, I 'm still suffering from urgency, diarrhoea and stomach cramps.  I don 't seem to be experiencing any side effects as yet but have another 2 weeks to go until I 'm back to see the hospital consultant.  Really don 't want to be taking this for a day longer than I need to.  Also taking Azathiroprine
This medicine really seems to help me a bit, I don 't much have an appetite (but I never did anyway), it calmed me down enough to think. I 've been on it for almost a week and for a few days my terrible nightmares stopped, but now my dreams are back but they 're just weird now. I had nausea for the first 4 days, not that 's gone. This medicine has some good qualities, but for me, 4 days after starting to take it I developed a rash on my neck in reaction to the medicine. Don 't let that scare you though. Only 7% of people will have this effect according to a couple of articles I 've read about it. Anti-itch cream keeps it from bothering me, but I 'm planning to switch to Celexa soon.
Had Nexplanon twice over the last 5 year never had periods during that time only had blood spotting since I had my new one put in, but over the last 5 years felt really depressed and overly sensitive about thing which I feel is making me a bit paranoid. Without the depression, I feel this did an amazing job especially as before my periods were painful and heavy.
I used this birth control a couple years ago and had no trouble, but I used it again from February-September of this year and ran into bad side effects.  My sex drive went way down along with lubrication. I saw the doctor who ended up removing the ring for 3 months and everything returned to normal.  I lost weight afterwards as well.
I am starting my second trial week on Qsymia.  I have lost 3 pounds this week...was hoping for more, but I 'll take it.  My only complaints are feeling extremely tired.  I am just wiped out.  I am having trouble sleeping at night, but the pills alone just make me feel completely, exhausted.  I don 't feel overly thirsty, and the first few days I felt very hungry, however my appetite has decreased over the course of the week.  If only the exhaustion would go away...that is my main concern.
I started taking Yasmin/generic brand in January 2017. I was put on anti-depressants at the same time. The first one was citalopram. I blamed it for my feeling out of it and depressed. After reading some of these comments I realize it possibly was the Yasmin. I 'm not sure about anyone else but I have uncontrollable, teary, depression during the 2nd week of the pills. I am at a point where I will probably change because this is not good for my mental health. As awful as this medication is for my mental health, it has been helpful in lowering my flow and cramps. That 's the only bright side of this medication for me.
Ive been on this for about a month, and the first week was great. But then I started to bleed heavily, and it hasn 't stopped for two weeks. I 've got bad back aches and terrible acne, as well as bloating. I 'm looking forward to switching off this and on to Lo Loestrin Fe.
I 'm 21 and this is my first experience with oral contraceptives. It 's only been 7 days on this pill but I 'm impatiently nervous about it. I take it at 8am every morning and I get bouts of nausea all day. I 'm bloated and I retain water like crazy. I 've always been prone to the occasional breakout, but this cystic acne is out of control and it has made my skin very sensitive to touch. On the plus side, my sex drive is great and my mood hasn 't changed much. I suppose only time will tell whether my weight and acne will sort itself out.
I was just diagnosed Nov. 2014. Started on Copaxone 40 mg just a couple of weeks later. I have had all of the typical site reactions with every injection. The worst has been the itching. That of which I have been unable to control with ANYTHING until this last injection. I researched and have used every over the counter remedy. Started looking at the natural remedies for itching. Could not bare to invest any more money. Came across the use of oatmeal for itching (forgot all about that). I had steal cut oats on hand. Ground them into a flour-like texture. Put the ground oatmeal in a cheap knee high stocking, dipped it in hot water, allowed the concoction to drain so that it was not messy but still wet. Apply. AMAZING RELIEF.
Does exactly what it says it does.  Helps stream and urine flow and eases discomfort.  Absolutely kills sex drive, causes abnormal ejaculate and possibly causes irritability.  Hopefully something better comes along, but I need it.  Take if you need it, but avoid if you can.
After  weeks medication notice severe mood change, very irritable.
I had Implanon inserted in November 2008 after being on the Depo shot for 9 years. For the first 5 months I had no signs of bleeding or any other side effects. One day I started spotting and haven 't stopped since. Some days it is super light, some days it is like a regular period. Thinking of having it removed because I don 't know if I can keep this up for the 6-8 months others have mentioned. Otherwise, it has been great.
Worked great but caused massive weight gain. Gained 30 pounds while taking medicine, even while and exercising/dieting.
Hello Everyone,I took wellbutrin 150 mg once a day, along side with zoloft (200mg) and atenolol (50mg) - the wellbutrin worked well for the first four days, but then i suddenly began to plummet. instead of feeling energized like everyone else in these reviews i began to feel restless, drowsy and dizzy. Even worse, i noticed my blood pressure was going up. By the third week of taking this medication my head was pulsing, i had a couple bad headaches, diarrhea, and nausea . I could not take the side effects anymore because i was experiencing almost every negative side effect. If you are sensitive to caffeine, this drug may not be for you. it felt similar to caffeine which i am sensitive to.
My husband was perscirbed this medicine to help him sleep.  He is a combat veteran..(need I say more about sleeping).  The medicine worked okay, but it caused his Trigycerides to sky rocket.
Stammering speech, violent nerve twitching, insomnia, blurred vision, difficulty swallowing
I started on this medication 4 months ago. Followed instructions and take the Bydureon out of the refrigerator the night before. My wife gives the injection as I would never be able to do this myself. The needle is huge! It burns going in and the nodes take many weeks to go away. To this day heartburn, painful gas in lower abdomen, pain at base of neck, very low energy level where I must lay down about every three hours. I am 5 '9&quot; 172lbs. I walk 40 minutes on treadmill every morning and do jumping jacks and burpees for exercise. My A1c went from 8 to 8.3 on third visit to Dr. Waiting to see what the numbers will be next week. Just this last week my nipples got swollen, enlarged and are very painful.
Have had psoriasis for 42 years, legs, arms, trunk. Afraid to take biologics because of side effects. Started Otezla and started clearing patches up on arms and trunk after 6 weeks, had light headaches and loose stools for couple weeks but subsided. I 've been on it for 15 months and it 's not clearing up any more if my skin. It seems stalled after starting out so well. I thought it was finally the miracle for psoriasis, but doesn 't seem to be. The maker of Otezla actually pays for mine 100% and I have insurance that would not cover it at first but they will now.
I 'm on my fourth 800/160 pill of bactrim treating MRSA infection which has also caused my lymph nodes behind knee and groin to swell and  hurt.  I initially took doxycycline for about 4 days with worsening infection.  Bactrim worked day 1.   The infection started to clear and lymph swelling and pain is going away. Unfortunately I had severe anxiety including shaking tightness in chest very dizzy and feelings of doom.  It 's possible this was brought on by me overreacting to a slight side effect but this is a very strong antibiotic. It works but you might have to suffer through it.  Not fun
I have been on Micardis 40mg then 80mg for the last 10 years. My blood pressure hovers around 140-150/90-95. I am 5 '11&quot; and weigh 105kg. I 've not had any major side effects that I can tell, but recently in the last 1 year when I turned 44, I started to experience insomnia. At first it was for a few days, then weeks. The longest bout of insomnia I had was 5 weeks where I couldn 't sleep (tossing/turning) until 5-6am. Thereafter I could sleep for about 2 or 3 hours before I had to get up for work. I 've checked some medical websites and apparently telemisartan drugs like Micardis may cause insomnia.
Prevented migraines, but made me want to cry all the time and made me a raging lunatic at the same time.
I had the first Euflexxa shot  (both knees) 3 days ago. The left knee feels AMAZING already. Like Wow. The right one which has significantly more damage and has had 2 surgeries is bad... really, really bad. Since the shot,  I can 't put any weight on it at all. it feels full as if the fluid did not disperse. Disappointed because I really needed the pain gone in the right but I 'm glad about the left. Hopefully next shots will be better.
The suprep was repulsive. It took over 1.5 hours to get the first bottle down. Not vomiting was a struggle. The taste is like sea water and just hard to tolerate. Adding ice a helped a teeny tiny bit. It did what it was supposed to do. It 's effective but tastes horrible. Unfortunately I vomited up the second bottle and was turned away for my colonoscopy because my discharge was still very dark. She told me it should be the color of urine. She sent me home with magnesium citrate which made all the difference in the world. It 's a liquid that you don 't dilute. It 's like very bitter 7UP. It was much easier for me to get down and stay down.
I am rating Zarah a 5/10 because I did like some aspects of this med. I did not have any unnecessary bleeding during the month which was great, my acne cleared up significantly and my periods were very regular and not that heavy. I did gain some weight on this med but nothing too serious and I did have a headache when I first started this medication &amp; on my periods. BUT I have recently stopped this med I was EXTREMELY** anxious during the time I was on this medication. I cried at least 4-5 times a week and would usually have at least one breakdown  a day. Crying, chest pain, trouble breathing, couldn 't focus. Just writing this so those feeling this way know they are not alone. I am feeling much better and hope I continue to get better.
I 'm taking a sample my GI doctor gave me. He gave me one sample. I started with the 145 mcg.It works very quickly. Don 't take it if you have any plans for the next several hours. This may be just me, but once things get started, they don 't like to stop until every drop of moisture has been wrung from my guts. I 'm planning on asking for a prescription for Bentyl or Motofen to get my guts to calm down when it 's clear it 's no longer necessary.
After menopause I developed urge incontinence.  My urologist gave me Myrbetriq and it stopped my incontinence completely within 1 month.  However, I was also taking flecainide; found out the two should not be taken together, so I quit the Myrbetriq for about a year.  After my cardiologist weaned me off the Flecainide, I began the Myrbetriq again; I 'm disappointed to say that although it has helped, the results this time are not like they were when I initially took the drug.  I still must wear pads and am debating whether to continue taking the drug.
I have had psoriasis my entire life, the last 6 years, it has been so bad on my feet, walking is a problem. I have been on Otezla for about 3 weeks. Here is what I have experienced; I have had some good results on my feet, but a bit of a trade off. Loss of appetite, nausea occasionally, no headaches at all, and only one day of feeling lethargic and a bit sad. I also get itchy, sometimes my skin crawls especially at night, and yesterday my bones actually ached. It is so random when this comes and goes. I am still on the fence a bit with it. I am hoping these things will go away. I haven 't heard anything about long term effects.
I have been on this drug for 4 weeks I notice very subtle changes. I 've titrated up 25mg a week every week  and I 'm currently taking 125 mg. I still am probably 3 weeks away for full effects but I am noticing some good things. I no longer think about killing myself all day and I have less anxiety than I did four weeks ago. I feel optimistic that better days are ahead. I also take ativan for anxiety but will likely discontinue once I 'm at the key mg amount which I believe is 200.
It seems to work well, but I noticed a more tired feeling with it during my first period and my cramps were worse.
Took the 5 day Z-pack for this bronchitis I have had a month now. After the 1st day I felt great, but then downhill from there. 6 days after finishing it I wound up in the E.R., they gave the Z-pack again...much to my chagrin. I finished it 3 days ago and while I have more energy, my cough is still bad. I know the infection is still there, my white blood cell count is high at 18,000, but they also put me on Prednisone which causes high white  blood cell count. So they can 't differentiate/determine cause of high white count, if infection or prednisone. Chest x-ray shows bronchitis. Friends who 've had bronchitis are suggesting Bactrim, will discuss with my doctor.
I read the reviews after I bought it 2 hrs ago. I am horrified! but I went ahead and gave it a try....so far the itching is annoying but bearable. The cream coming out is itchy, but the cream &quot;inside&quot; wise feeling is not bad all. It 's there and I can feel it but not as bad as I expected! I 'm giving this a 5 FOR NOW because the itchiness experience is ok. I 'll update after treatment!
First time taking the medication. I had side effects within the 1 day, very bad stomach pain felt like I was going to vomit the pills but I didn 't and vision was kinda weird. After the first day I still feel weakness now I 'm on my 4th day I sleep more than usual and my joints ache a lil hope this all goes away !!!!
It has been effective in preventing pregnancy. However, it makes me feel like shit. I am nauseous all the time, especially the first couple of days after putting it in. I have heartburn and fatigue that has only started since I have been on the nuvaring. I got pregnant on the pill and that 's why I switched, but I feel so bad all the time because of it. I haven 't stopped taking it yet, I 'm on month four because I keep hoping it will get better, but it doesn 't. It has been effective in preventing pregnancy - feeling so crappy has urged me to take a lot of pregnancy tests, and it 's so convenient to only worry about it twice a month (put it in, take it out). I wish it didn 't make me feel so bad, because I would continue to use it.
I 've been on this pill for 2 months now and have been experiencing breast pain. Bloating. Fatigue.I have really bad mood swings and I yell for no apparent reason. And Severe cramps. And during the second month I 've had my period twice. This is my first time using birth control.
Tried Rozerem for the first time the other day. It definitely helped me fall asleep, and without the &quot;heavy sedative&quot; feelings that come along with most other drugs-  such as Ambien, Lunesta, etc. closest to a natural feeling of wanting to go to sleep, very calming, also helped with racing thoughts. The letdown of this medication was the next day...could NOT get up! Felt as though I had taken a tranquilizer. All day feeling...like I had taken a high double-dose of Ambien.  This is my experience though, unfortunately - seemed perfect at first. Everyone is different though, most will probably hopefully have a much different experience. I say try it.
I have uncontrollable itching and have had it for about 2 months now. At first my psychiatrist thought it was one of my psych meds then my diabetic doctor believed that it was one of my diabetes medications. I 'm no longer on the Psych Med or diabetic medications that could have been causing the itchiness. The itchiness has not gone away. For the past four nights I have been taking this medication and the itchiness has been better at night but I 've been sleeping 11 to 12 hours and having a hard time functioning during the day. I hope the doctors can figure out something else that will help the itching go away.
I have IBS-D, I 've tried with different drugs, Xifaxan included, but anything helps me too much.During the first month of taking Viberzi 100mg. my symptoms changed dramatically (in a good way), I started being able to eat different food, included some of the ones that I used to avoid (chocolate, burgers, etc), just felt bloated and had more gas.But I have to say that after the first month, the effect is declining and now (3th month) is helping a little..So, better than in the past, but not as helpfull as it was at the begining.Does anyone felling the same about the declining effect??
I was on Augmentin for 10 days, did not resolve the sinus problem.  REFILL: Now I have been on Augmentin for 14 days and it has helped SOME, but the infection is still on the left side sinuses and tonsils.  Also, at times I experience feelings of light-headedness and I wonder if it is the medication or allergies.  My blood pressure seems to be up and down since taking the Augmentin and at times I have body aches and pains that make sleeping difficult.  I have increased my fluid intake to offset the dryness, but I wish that the antibiotic would cure the sinus problem.  I hope the doctor takes me off this and finds something that works.
The first day I used the pre filled applicator was quite painful. I burned and itched a lot down there. However, the second day didn 't bother me at all. I 'm guessing that the second application didn 't hurt so much because most of the infection was eliminated. I 'd use this product again.
I had had my Skyla IUD in for over a year and just recently had it removed because it just did not work for me. Insertion was pretty uncomfortable but like previously mentioned in another post, it was doable (I 'm sure contractions will be a lot worse than that was haha).  Like I said, I had it for over a year and I had a period every month, most of which my period lasted 2 weeks! Cramping was worse for me while on the Skyla than on any other birth control. After removal, I 've been bleeding pretty steady the last few days and cramping which is supposedly normal. I loved the convenience of not having to remember the pill but I don 't think I 'll be getting another one anytime soon.
Had a bad neck adjustment and was taken to hospital to make sure it wasn 't from a stroke that I got very dizzy. They said it was not and gave me this for the vertigo. I took half (12.5mg) the next morning when intense spinning started and it seemed to help and then 4 hours later spinning again :( so I took a whole 25 mg pill and though it did make the spinning stop I 've been out of it ever since. I feel tired, off balance just &quot;off&quot; and strange in general and haven 't gotten out of bed all weekend. I 'm going to try a more natural remedy and exercises next.
I 've had the Mirena for about 1 1/2 years.  At first I was very happy with it.  Didn 't notice any weight gain although I noticed it was very hard to lose weight as I began working out a lot more and eating better so I should have lost weight.  I have just begun to notice within the last 9 months or so that I am slowly gaining weight, don 't feel very good, severe bloating, tired, moody, no patience, depressed, and no sex drive at all.  It has finally dawned on me that all of this might be because of the Mirena and am getting it taken out.  All this time I have been thinking there is something wrong with me but now I have hope that once this is removed- I might go back to normal- or I hope I do.
My story is the same as most of yours; broken condom. This is my second time talking the pill, and I feel like the second time around I had a really adverse reaction. I have the most awful stomach pain, head aches, diarrhea (eww), dizziness, breast tenderness, fatigue... Everything that could go wrong, went wrong. I got the wrong end of the stick this time I guess. The symptoms are making me nervous, but reading all the positive comments on here makes me feel better!
I talked to my doctor about getting on the pill mainly for birth control. I also asked to be on a pill that will help clear my moderate acne and not make it worse. I was given Tri Lo Sprintec. After reading the mostly awful reviews about it I was really nervous to start taking it but I thought I 'd give it a shot and if it was awful talk to my doctor about an alternative. I 'm now on day 7 and there hasn 't been any major complications. The only negatives are that I get headaches and occasional nausea (not severe) and as far as my acne, it hasn 't really made a change. My doctor said it will take a few months to adjust so I 'll see how things go but so far it 's not too bad. Gave it half stars because I 'm only on day 7.
Im 22 years old, getting married and Have not had sex Also I have terrible cramps and miss work So I decided to get the IUD because I suffer from migraines and can 't take pills with estrogen. When the doctor measured my uterus it was incredibly painful. Everything went dark for a moment. The doctor told me to take deep breaths. she inserted the skyla it felt as if I had the worst cramps of my life. The strong pain lasted a few minutes. I really felt overwhelmed/anxious My breathing was shallow it was hard to catch my breath. I Turned pale warm and sweaty so I had to lay Down and drink juice for a while. the cramps lasted about and hour and came back later in the day. Today I only feel bloated and the bleeding stopped. i Hope for the best.
Been on Seasonale for 5 weeks. Results are varied, have had slightly nauseous the first two weeks. Now gave been spotting the last two weeks
I got it at the end of October 2016. My bf is in med school and told me about it during his ob rotation. That coupled with my doctor recommending it led me to have it put in. Effectiveness: really good! It 's supposed to be more effective than an IUD. My BF said the reason it is not used as widely as the IUD, even though it works better, is because it has more side effects. Side effects: I was very scared after going on this site and reading the reviews. I never had side effects with the pill so I hoped for the best. I gained weight. No period or spotting since December. If it wasn 't for the weight gain my rating would be a 10. I recommend for anyone who hasn 't had any side effects from BC.
I have gained 20 pounds in the last 2 months, feel really hungry all the time, am having a hard time breathing for about a month now. I do not know if the breathing is from the medication, air, or allergies.  My thyroid is under control though.
I am 22 and I 've been taking yasmin for almost a year and it 's pretty much okay, my skin is clear and cramps and PMS are a lot better than before. Side effects though are weight gain (around 13 lbs) along with bigger boobs and everything which is really not great. Also I have zero sex drive which is making me feel bad. I am thinking about switching to a lower dosage pill but I 'm not sure about other pills because I have migraines and I 'm worried it 'll get worse (yasmin didn 't really affect it).
I was prescribed this birth control due to my agonizing and crippling cramps caused by my period. It DOES help with my cramps, but I bleed two times a month, which makes me wonder if it 's even worth it. This is my first time taking birth control so I  did unfortunately end up going to planned parenthood, due to my lack of knowledge when it comes to this sort of thing. I ended up going back to planned parenthood and complaining about my nearly constant period I was experiencing. She dismissed me and told me I was taking it incorrectly. I made sure to take it at the same time every single day for a month, but to no avail. I do have clearer skin and no noticeable weight gain, but I do not regularly check my weight.
I took this medicine for anxiety and panick attacks. After suffering for several months trying all sorts of medication. It was this old school medicine that gave me hope that i can actually recover. It improves my general health condition. But  i found it difficult to wake up from sleep while i was still on this medication.It really helps but did not address the symptoms permanently.
Received samples from Dr 's office to last for 1 month.  My symptoms were stomach pain,  heartburn and excessive burping for around 5 days before getting an appointment.  Within 2 days all the symptoms described above were 90 percent better but almost from day 2 I started having very soft stools which could turn to loose stools later in day.  Not uncommon to have 4-5 bowel movements in a day.   Starting with week 4 I started feeling burning sensations in my back and the stomach pain and burping returned although has been to a lesser degree.  I do not intend to take anymore and will explore other options with Dr.  Do your research on PPI 's they can act as a mask for more serious issues.
My doc gave 1 tab daily for 7 days but itching is still there. Now I 'm wondering whether it will clear out or not.
It is very useful for treating dental abscess but a combination will work better, along with  amoxicillin. Flagyl alone might not be good enough.
I have had a hard time adjusting to it. I have been taking it for about two months 500mg twice a day. I am always tired and if I don 't sleep enough I am sick all day. I am hungry all day but almost everything nauseates me, and I get discomfort pains in my lower stomach. I usually can handle the pain and discomfort but since we 've been trying to conceive for five years, all the symptoms similar to pregnancy plays games with my mind. Aside from all that, I still plan to take the medicine for as long as it takes. If anyone has the symptoms similar to mine please let me know, anything you are doing to make it easier. Thank you.
I was prescribed BuSpar by my doctor and I am hesitant to take it. I have seizure disorder and take Dilantin (phenytoin). My doctor is aware of this, but I have read that BuSpar may negatively react to the seizure medication. I hope it works and doesn 't interact with my other medicines. I have been on benzodiazepines such as Klonopin and Xanax and built up a tolerance. I was taking unusually high dosages and was recently weened off. 
I am 51 and still have excessive bleeding during my period. I had Mirena inserted on the second day of my period. Had period for three more days then I stopped for six days. Then I started my petiod back up bleeding continually and I 'm on my 28th day now. Insertion was a breeze I had given birth to two children vaginaly.  Only took Tylenol and had no cramping.  My Gyno wants me to give it at least four months before I make a decision.  Just hoping that menopause will come soon and this will be a mute point.  My face has not broken out I have not had Moodswings and have not noticed any weight gain.    After reading most of these reviews it is fair to say we are all reacting differently.  My bleeding is still not as heavy as it was before.
this hurt so bad i literally almost cried
I began taking this medicine primarily to not get pregnant and a little for the acne part. I have not gotten pregnant and it really didn 't do much for my skin. You definitely need to have food in your system when you take it, I figured that out the hard way. My only complaint on this is I have TERRIBLE mood swings with this medicine and it has worsened my already present anxiety and depression. I thought it was just me but other women I know taking this have said the same thing. Going to talk to my doctor about switiching during my next appointment because the moods are unbearable &amp; affecting my relationships.
I am genuinely happy with this pill and haven 't had any problems with this pill up until now. I started taking this pill because of my excruciating menstrual cramps, excessive bleeding, and acne. I 've been on this pill for six months and all of my symptoms decreased.My period has been very regular since I 've taken this pill I always know when I 'm suppose to start my period. My period has never been late before but I 'm currently two weeks late. I 've read up about this and it is said that the low estrogen levels in this pill can make you late or even skip periods. Which is the one side effect I do not like because you can 't tell if your pill is working or you are pregnant which scares me.
The Vivelle Dot worked beautifully. My insurance company switched me to Sandoz generic and the adhesive is awful. This brand leaves adhesive on everything - me, my underwear, my clothes. This is when it sticks properly.
Was prescribed Brintellix after being on Effexor for years and years, and it stopped doing it 's job.   Started at the 5mg dose for 2 weeks, then to 10, and then to 20.  The first week I had more energy and a very euphoric mood.  I also became kind of impulsive and jittery (is installing broomstick holders in the utility room at 2:00am normal?).  At 10mg my anxiety started increasing, and at 20mg my anxiety was almost debilitating.  Talked to my doctor and she is switching me to something else.  I 'm sure it 's a great med, but just not for me unfortunately
I have always had irregular periods anywhere from 3-10 months apart. I had been on birth control from 16-23. I am now 26 years old, married and have been trying to conceive for about 2 years. About a year ago we starting seeing my gyno to figure out what we could do to conceive. For the past year, over a few visits I had sonograms checking my ovaries and was told I didn 't have PCOS and I was put on a diet as I am over weight, 167 lbs at 5 '2&quot;. I started seeing a different doctor this month who had a HOMA index done and diagnosed me with pre-diabetes, and PCOS (showed me the cysts). Prescribed 500mg 2x daily it has been 4 days now..I have been getting diarrhea and slight dizziness throughout the day, I 'm hoping it goes away soon.
I wish I could echo the positive reviews, but Viibryd is not working for me.  I have been taking it for three weeks now, as I wanted to give it a fair chance.  But it has increased my desire to escape all my troubles (thoughts of suicide).  I do not feel better except for that I am less &quot;snappy&quot; with my kids and husband.  My usually high sexual desires are completely gone &amp; I don 't want to be around anyone at all.  I barely want to be around myself!  I was taking Pristiq - which I absolutely loved - but it stopped being effective for me.  
Medicine worked for my soft-tissue skin infection.  However, it caused tremendous heartburn that generally lasted a couple of hours. Tums helped that side-effect. Did better when I took the medicine with food, even though the label said to take with an empty stomach.
I just had my third botox treatment.  The first was great.  It was painful but worth it.  I did not retain urine or have an infection. What a relief. The second one was 7 months later and I had good results.  This third one was nine months later and after 6 weeks I have not had any positive results.I have an appt with my urologist to see what we can do, but it is very disappointing to go through this with no results. I thought I could control this urge incontinency for life.
I just started taking the 37.5 phentermine on January 17th, 2017. I haven 't noticed weight loss yet, but I will keep you posted! I am quite parched throughout the day.
I 've been taking this birth control to help with ovarian cysts. It has helped , but I 'm am experiencing bad stomach issues; such as nausea, stomach pain, and throwing up! Does it ever end??? Ugh 
I got my IUD inserted Jan 4 2016, I am 25 and have no children. The implantation was painful but lasted less than 1 min. I did not experience cramping but I do have spotting. I am currently on my 1st period since getting skyla implanted. I 'm used to the pretty much non existent periods from my oral contraception. I 'm 6 days into my period :( .  Not having to take a pill everyday at the same time and filling a prescription is a plus but I 'm so over irregular bleeding. I will give this thing a full 6 months before I consider removing it.
It is great not to have to take a pill, but the ring comes out all the time! I have to fix it twice a day usually. I 've been to the doctor and she said I 'm fine, it just happens with people sometime. It 's so annoying! Why would they make it a ring shape?! It 's such a poorly designed product. Women aren 't meant to have ring shaped things in their vaginas! Make it a cylindrical shape, like a tampon.
Medicine serves it 's purpose; but gives me SEVERE headaches.  Like &quot;hangover&quot; headaches in the morning or shortly after I take them (1 hour or so).
Update : I have been on Contrave  for a little over two months. All of my weight loss happened at the beginning. I have lost 18 pounds total. However, nothing in the past 30 days. I am on 4 pills a day. No side effects other then constipation. OTC meds will help with that. I am a smoker &amp; contrave has done more for smoking I think. I could careless if I had a cigarette or not. That is amazing.  It is not a mircle worker for food cravings. At 4 pills a day I can still eat chocolate / icecream like there is no tomorrow. I feel that my cravings for carbs have gone through the roof.  I was a recreational drinker, now have 0 desire to even take one sip. I suppose there are ups and downs for everyone. It works if you work it.
I was dizzy really bad first dose and felt weird. Had trouble seeing but I finally got some sleep. Those feelings only lasted 2 doses. I was on 15mg ER. It hasn 't helped a but a little bit. I 've been on pain meds for7 years. They wanted me on er because I hurt 24/7.
I was diagnosed with Tinea Versicolor.  This is basically an overgrowth of yeast on your skin, it causes the affected areas to lose pigment; such as a tan. Locals in Hawaii call it Haole rot. I 'm not entirely sure if this medicine is working yet because it can take a long time for your skin tone to even out. My pharmacist did not tell me that Xanax should not be taken with this medicine. I 'm really happy that I didn 't take any. I can 't find out how long it stays active in your system though.  I took the medicine yesterday (400mg) and I am going to take another 400mg dose in one week. Today my face burns as though I have a chemical burn. It 's kind of an odd side effect.
During my 7 days on this medicine I experienced a very bad metal taste in my mouth. I was also constipated and had headaches. The medicine cleared up the Giardia and all the symptoms stopped about a day or two after my last dose.
Have been taking Arimidex for 3 years after double mastectomy for stage 1 invasive ductal carcinoma breast cancer. Have unbearable pain in legs at night, hair is thinning, memory loss &amp; loss of words, joints in thumbs swollen &amp; painful, hard to get up after sitting for any length of time. Went off meds for about 2 weeks but no change. Want to go off completely but afraid of cancer returning. Have had melanoma on my back and hand. Also have lymphedema in both arms &amp; chest. Want this nightmare to be over. I see so many others have same symptoms. Feel like a lab rat but glad to be alive!
Loss of taste and taste buds. Was it the oral thrush or the Nystatin? Will my taste &amp; taste buds come back??
Every allergy pill I try stops working eventually, so after using Claritin and Zyrtec, I decided to try Allegra. It is my first day using it and it partially clears me up but it is 3 in the morning and I have yet to feel tired. I can see that I am not alone, so I 'll be going back to Zyrtec until I can see my doctor about switching to something else.
I have had back surgery on my L5S1 and am still in severe pain in my lower spine and permanent nerve pain. Norco worked short term for me. They took me off hydrocodone 10/650 because of acetaminophen in it. The Norco is 325 but the Norco did not last as long and did not seem to take away pain as well. I have switched back to hydrocodone 10/650
I was on Depo shot for 6 years, no periods, no weight gain, all great. I then had to be taken off so I got the Mirena, still no periods but I was in constant pain so I had it taken out and started this pill about a month and a half ago. I 've been extremely moody and irritable. My periods have been regular so far. I have noticed I 'm starting to gain weight and bloat and it doesn 't seem to be related to the period. I feel like a balloon. I 've also been experiencing a lot of headaches and body/joint pain over the last couple weeks. I 'm pretty miserable and will be switching to something else as soon as I can.
Im 17 years old and I 've taken Focalin Xr 30mg for most of my life and as much as it helps in school i would not recommend taking this at all, like most people with adhd I am pretty good socially and when I 'm on focalin i become very pannicky, you cant eat and for me i feel like pukigg if i try to eat, my body becomes achy and my mouth gets really dry and mucusy, sleeping is a nightmare, I have tried to make this work, even took it every single day to build up a tolerance, but its always the same thing. Sure, i managed to sit down and get my work done but when the work is done and school done for the day you feel strange, like not in your own skin. A tutor is the best thing that has happened to me along with b12 vitamins.
I was on 1500mg of Keppra (generic) for partial seizures that progressed into a grand mal seizure.  Immediately upon starting the meds, I noticed that things were different.  I felt disconnected from myself, trouble with attention, word finding, coordination, mood, working and longterm memory.  However, I was seizure free and I needed to drive so I pushed through, not enjoying my life as much and making terrible social decisions.  Finally after 4 years, my neurologist is helping me wean off so that I can start a family without worry.  I am down to 250mg a day and WHOA my whole life is changing.  I feel centered, even, connected.  I am so sad about how I was living my life on Keppra.  Don 't ruin your life 
I was on yaz for about a year and a half and switched to Gianvi about six months ago. Upon switching to Gianvi, my blood pressure went up, I became extremely anxious and had breakthrough bleeding which I hadn 't previously experienced. My acne is slowly starting to come back and my periods are painful again. It 's almost as if Gianvi is slowly not working as effectively as it should. I just switched to Junel in hopes it will work better and make me feel less sick.
I suffer from Irritable Bowel Syndrome-Constipation and am no stranger to laxatives. Dulcolax is the most powerful one I have ever tried. In fact, for me, it 's TOO powerful. It wrings me out for days and causes everything to go through me so quickly that I end up feeling weak from lack of sustenance. I end up being basically chained to the bathroom until it has completely worn off. The package directions say you can take 1, 2, or 3 pills at a time generally at bedtime... do yourself a favor and try 1 pill first. And definitely do not, I repeat, DO NOT take Dulcolax and a sleeping pill at the same time.
I 've been on the nexplanon for a Year and a half. For the first 6 months I bled very lightly I needed to use a panty liner it was very annoying so it frustrated me a lot and I had bad mood swings because of this frustration, after taking birth control that my OBGYN prescribed to me while on the nexplanon somehow it stopped the bleeding and my periods went back to normal I didn 't have them consistently I probably had 3 periods a year but what I have noticed I 've been having very bad facial hair upper lip and Chin I get a wax at least once a week all in all I like the fact that I can 't get pregnant but not really liking the side effects it 's also very hard to lose weight
I have been on Januvia for about 7 weeks and have had diarrhea the whole time. I 'm also on metformin and between the 2 I don 't think I 've had a solid poop in weeks but my blood sugars are down from 25 to under 10 most days. I have gained weight 15lbs and I can 't handle the cold this year, always getting chilled. I also have to take mine with food otherwise I get an acid stomach all day no matter what I do. I will be talking to my doctor to see if there are other options or if the benefits outweigh the negatives.
Methadone is a wonder drug. It got me away from taking 20 Percocet a day. Now I only take 1 methadone every 3 days.
I first started Implanon in 2008. It 's highly effective and at the time my periods were light and short. I kept it for all three years and had it removed about after a month it was due. The tech had to wiggle and tug a bit but overall it was not that bad. I asked to receive another Implanon in the same arm. I am now a year into my new Implanon and a few issues have come forth. About three times now, I have had my period for an entire month. The amount of bleeding changes throughout the month and my irritated state is affecting my relationship. I knew I cried more while on my period but crying and biting peoples heads off the whole month sucks. So it could either be a good or bad experience depending on the person.
Took metoprolol and hydrochlorothiazide for several years.  Seemed to reduce blood pressure to acceptable levels.  About a year ago I experienced shortness of breath at times along with some fluid in lungs.  Turns out that metoprolol (Lopressor) can cause that.  Got off the metoprolol and lungs cleared up.  Not taking it anymore.
I 'm 19. I 've been on Orsythia/Sronyx for 7 months now. First 5 months were fine, cleared up my acne, regulated my periods and prevented pregnancy. The last 2 months have been extremely difficult. I had previous issues with anxiety and panic which I thought I dealt with until 2 months ago where I experienced very extreme anxiety.  I thought it was work stress but I felt I was going crazy; migraines, insomnia, weeping, nausea for weeks. It has been a while since then and life has calmed down but I am still not feeling like myself, and so I am contemplating switching the pill. Orsythia also gave me recurrent and niggling yeast infections which was annoying. At the end of the day it does its job, but if you 're predisposed to anxiety, be weary.
So this stuff worked wonders on depression.  I couldn 't believe how fast it worked and how much better it made me feel, and I mean like in less than a week!  BUT the bad news for me, I had a rare side effect, the first one of my psychiatrists patients to ever get it and he had to look it up to confirm that it was being caused by the medication (although I knew it was for sure)... It made me go blind! I don 't mean black out blind, but rather it made it so my pupils couldn 't dilate and constrict properly so I couldn 't focus my eyesight enough to even read anymore.  So, 10 days after starting it I stopped and luckily 3 days after stopping my eyes started to return to normal, but that freaked me out beyond belief!!! Worked great for depression.
I 'm a 21 year old who has never given birth and had skyla inserted yesterday. Honestly if I had it my way I would 've stuck to the pill! But as I 've recently been  put on medication that severely decreases the effects of hormonal birth control, IUD it is! I took the 800mg of Advil (and a klonopin) an hour before. This definitely was not a fun experience for me. And I don 't say this to scare anyone, the pain is definitely uncomfortable, but my body went into shock after all the anxiety and I wound up almost passing out and throwing up. My doctor handled it great though, did an ultrasound to make sure my discomfort wasn 't due to anything messed up. Some people have strong reactions some don 't. Just know your body, 24 hrs later and I 'm all good!
I rate this medicine at 10 but give the discomfort a 6. I have had YI in the past and this medicine cures it every time! But as soon as I have injected the cream or the egg shaped capsule... HOLY FIRE IN THE GRAND CANYON! I walk around like a penguin holding my crotch like Michael Jackson. I moan in agony while patting my crotch trying to put the fire out. I don 't know why I do that but it 's my reaction. I am now laying in bed with a ice pack jammed there.  At least this cures the yeast infection.
I 've got one word that pains me to say...ACNE! I thought my acne subsided for good by senior year of high school but I 'm now 21 and experiencing major cystic acne again. And the beginning of the flare ups were about 1 month in to starting the nuvaring. This alone makes me want to get off it, but I 've also expirienced a definite emotional bump lately and I 've been extremely lethargic. It 's a shame too, because it was really convienient for me to use.
I am on day 6 of this medicine today. So far I have had the headache, more frequent bowel movements, and yesterday I developed pain in my left arm at my joints for shoulder and elbow and fingers as well.
Because of the side effects of the meds I take to address my arthritic lumbar and cervical spine and the resulting chronic back and sciatic pain, I would be severely chronically constipated were it not for daily ingestion of:1. a dissolvable fiber supplement2. VERY large doses of docusate sodium3. senna laxativeAny one of the above alone was not sufficient. So I only rate this med a 6.
I started this pill in June 2016, its the first birth control I ever tried. At first I spotted a lot and my boobs would always hurt, now I get my period twice a month sometimes. My period stays irregular so I always stress about being pregnant. I 'm obviously not, but the pill defiantly causes a lot of my anxiety  and I 'm almost on it for a year and my period is still always changing and I still have side effects. I take the pill at the same time every day and I have never missed one pill..
I 've been a type 1 Diabetic for 21 years. I switched from Toujeo to Tresiba to try and combat the the low blood sugars I have while I 'm asleep. My endo said this was the only type of LL insulin that had the compound breakdown to avoid the night time lows. Every review (there are hardly any patient reviews for this drug) has said it takes significantly lower doses on this then any other LL insulin. That has actually not been my experience. I 've had to increase the LL dose and oddly enough, I still have those night time lows. Then all day my blood sugar is higher then it needs to be. Two weeks on it is plenty of time for my body to adjust, yet I 'm still having the same issues. Not impressed with this insulin. Had much more stable BS on Toujeo
I 've been taking Desogen for about a month. For the first 3 days I was taking it in the morning and was so sick after taking it I 'd be in bed all day. So I started taking it right before bed. I 've had stomach pains so bad I feel like I 'm in labor. I went to the doctor to make sure it was the birth control and not something more serious. I had a pap smear and some blood work, but he said everything seemed fine. If it comes to be that nothing is wrong, I am going to stop taking.
So I just wanted to give my ten cents on the Kyleena IUD....Personally, I think the few weeks/months of spotting are worth the 5 years of nausea-free living, no alarms for pills, and so on.My experience: I had Kyleena inserted about one week ago. I had my first pap and swab done at the same time. This was uncomfortable but not unbearable....However, when my OBGYN &quot;pinched&quot; and then &quot;straightened&quot; my cervix into place I about lost my mind. For me, the pain was bout a 7.5/10. Very very painful. However, once the spotting (very light and underwhelming) stops, I will be very glad for having the device.  Highly recommend this product. Will update a few months down the line..
I also got my implant at the begaining of July 2014. My first period happened 6 weeks after the implant (3 weeks late), and it was very thick, painful, and had a lot of tissue like globs. I went to OBGYN and I didn 't have a miscarriage, she told me that it was normal for the first few periods to be abnormal. About 4 weeks later my next period was very light and lasted 2 weeks. The same thing happened 2 weeks later. Then my next 2 periods were normal. Then 6 months of nothing. I 'm not pregnant, just no period, until yesterday. I have started spotting......since I am no longer sexually active I don 't see the need to keep it. It hasn 't helped with my acne or hormones. If I really didn 't want to get pregnant and I was having sex I could put up.
I just started this pill last week. (Mmy sister started Loestrin last week and she 's been spotting ever since). I like the pill a lot because I have not experienced any side effects at all, until my fiancee talked to me tonight about my mood swings.  We always get along and this week I have been angry and I am not as patient of a person.  He alluded this to my birth control and now that I 've been thinking about it he is totally right.  I am going to give it a few more weeks but might have to switch, along with these anger issues I also have absolutely no sex drive but otherwise this is a great bill control pill.
I have been on Januvia 100 mg for about 1 year, 1 pill per day, my blood sugars ran from 124 to 138. The past 4 weeks my doctor increased it to 3 times a day, because my blood sugar started to go up to 152-240. I wish I knew what happened. My diet is the same and at first I lost weight and now am at a stand still. Maybe I should change. I have trouble sleeping and take something for that. Hope it will change soon.
My gastroenterologist prescribed Amitiza to help with constipation caused by a medication I am taking.  I took one capsule (24 mcg) daily for five days, then began taking two (48 mcg) daily (too bigger dose?). The medication worked wonderfully to help relieve the constipation, but the side effects I am experiencing may cause me to stop taking it. I am having headaches, runny nose, fatigue, overall &quot;bad&quot; feeling, muscle pain, chills, nausea, and a sensation of almost passing out. I consider these side effects pretty drastic. It 's possible they will go away or minimize if I continue to take the capsules, but I 'm not sure I 'm willing to risk it.
I have had RLS since I went through my last growing spurt at the age of 14. I am now 35 and have tried every over the counter drug, herb and supplement known to man. Nothing helped. I tried Mirapex and though it did not always fully work, it worked sometimes, and if you have RLS you know that sometimes is pretty awesome. I started taking tramadol for back pain and for the last year me RLS is completely gone. The only problem is that tramadol was like taking cold medicine and down right horrible most days and the withdrawal can be life-threatening in my opinion. As we all know, any opiate taken right before bed completely cures RLS. But if you stop taking it, your RLS will be 100 times worse, of course the time spent sleeping is worth it!
This is my 3rd time taking this medication and the side effects are the worst! It 's like labor contractions, a few minutes apart. It 's not like a stomach ache where you need to use the restroom, at least not for me. It 's literally contracting pain in the intestines or stomach. Though I 've taken this medication on 3 occasions, I haven 't had chlamydia. For whatever reason, I kept getting false positive results when I would go in for discharge which turned out to be Bacterial Vaginosis all 3 times! After the 3rd diagnosis, I went to my actual primary provider instead of planned parenthood, and they tested me for the antibodies of chlamydia and explained that I didn 't have any and that it 's not uncommon for the lab to misdiagnose chlamydia! What!
I have been on Sprintec for about a year and a half now. Ever since I got on in I have had multiple yeast infections, and urinary tract infections. I 've only slept with one guy (and still am) so it 's not from him. Every time I get one, he gets treated as well. I never had one before I started taking this. I am very clean, and take a shower 2 times a day.
I am always hungry since starting Buspar and getting fat! But it does help with anxiety. Doctor denies it can cause weight gain. How can I stop gaining weight and lose??
This medicine leaves me feeling undecided and confused. First off, it made me break out bad, and in a type of way I never did before. I had huge cysts all over my back. My Dr said that it &quot;gets everything out of your skin then clears you up.&quot; I did clear up after 4 months on it. It wasn 't until the last month it improved. Problem is that it scarred me everywhere from the cysts. I never broke out on my back like that before, and it actually hurt. I 'm hoping the scars become less dark. Bottom line: It broke me out bad for 3 months and then cleared up and I 'm left with scars. Skin is much clearer but I 'm still getting small pimples on shoulders and face.
I had a UTI. First they gave me ciprofloxacin and they changed to nitrofurantoin. The symptoms are not gone all the way and taking this medicine gives me nausea, headache and back pain . I don 't know if the infection is clearing up or not. I am feeling sick so I am going back to the doctors.
doctor started me on 4mg straight away which caused bad side effects.  instructions say start at 1mg so i am trying that.  also wasnt told by doctor to take at night so i will see if that helps. so far not happy anyone else had problems?  i thought i 'd pass out in town centre not good.
I just started taking it on Saturday and wondering how long  before this kicks in. I am having hot &amp; cold flashes and sweating like I was walking around with the hose on my head. I repierced my ear and it got infected. really bad. On Friday morning at 3:30 I had got up to the worst pain in me ear &amp; head into my jaw  I took the ear ring out. Then I went to medi quick my ear is red hot swollen and now oozing ... but I was wondering how long before it starts to work ? At the age of 53. I am going back to school to better myself I could not go today   UGH
My father-in-law took this medication and it gave him alot of extra pyramidal movements and Tardive Dyskinesia.
I started with an ear infection, which became sinusitis, and now pneumonia. I was prescribed Biaxin XL 1000mg (2 pills) 1x/day for 10 days. I have this horrid metal taste in my mouth, other than that all is well. I 'll take the metal taste over the hacking, sneezing and congestion! Only day 2 of the medicine, hoping it works! 
Before trying this type of birth control, I read the reviews here and I thought there was a great chance that I wouldn 't have any serious side effects. Although I didn 't have serious side effects, I did experience spotting every single day while on this. My periods were heavier than usual. I was moodier. I had a great increase in appetite, which made me feel like a pregnant woman. Because I was bleeding every day, I never wanted to have sex. This product definitely did what it was supposed to. For me, the one pro was that I only had to change my patch once a week. I will be switching back to the pill. With the birth-control pill, I never experienced any negative side effects. My only problem was forgetting to take it.
I got the 3 day cream applicator and I put the cream about an hour ago and I 'm dying. 10 minutes after I had put it in I got a crazy desire to urinate but I had just gone right before putting on the cream. It 's more itchy than it was before. I 'm just really hoping it 's doing it 's job and tomorrow won 't be as bad because It 's 2 in the morning and I don 't see myself going to sleep any time soon.
I have had nexplanon for 3 weeks today. I started bleeding after two weeks and 2 days. That was Saturday and today is Thursday. (5 days) I am still lightly bleeding. My periods are usually 3-4 days so i 'll not sure how long this will last. The bleeding is very light. Not really a problem for me because I expected this. I will check back in when it stops and let everyone know how long it lasted!
Took as prescribed for several months. Started to have muscle problems. Shoulders, hips, knees. Loss of strength in arms and hands. Also some body itch.Stopped taking on my own. Significant change in 24 hours. Still have some pain, but as medication wears out, hope to be better.
750 mg dosage for five days apparently cleared pneumonia, but now, six weeks later, I still feel some side effects of pain and swelling in ankles and feet that immobilized me immediately after taking.  Additional side effects included internal bleeding in ankle area, black toes, areas of skin on lower leg showing bruise like areas.  Difficulty walking due to stiff and painful joints in feet and ankles.
So this is my first week on any kind of birth control. I 'm experiencing a very heavy and painful period, very low mood and depression, and lots of crying and weeping. I didn 't think it would affect me so quickly. I 'm not sure whether to ride it out for a month or just stop or switch. I really can 't afford to be this out of it, given how demanding my work is. If you 've had a similar experience let me know!
Seroquel XR stabilized my Bipolar within a week.  I felt no emotion at all, high or low.  But I was a zombie, sleeping 18 or more hours a day on 300mg.  I switched to 200mg and could function well after 8 hours sleep with only a 1 hour or so &quot;hang over&quot;, but my job requires me to be on 24 hour call and I got called only 2 hours after taking my medication.  All I could do was drool on the telephone.  I 'm trying Geodon now.
This stuff is DISGUSTING!  I have an iron stomach and it took a true battle of will to keep this stuff down. The first cycle was bad but doable. No cramping and it started working within 20 minutes. I ate light the day before which paid off bc I was totally cleaned out within two hours. Now onto the second dose.....Waking at 4am to drink what tastes like sweaty stomach bile, almost did me in. I had to choke back all the liquid and again, 20 minutes later I was going. Only took about 30-45 minutes to clean me out totally bc I was pooping yellowish clear which is the goal I hearI was surprised it wasn 't &quot;explosive &quot; as I anticipated something out of dumb and dumber but it was. The pooping is the easy part!
I 'm on the 6 month therapy treatment and I got my 4th injection yesterday. At the beginning I was getting the hot flashes which I can deal with, the mood swings. I rather deal with that then the terrible belly button pain , bleeding from navel and chest pain. I was diagnosed with endo stage 4 about 3 years ago. But now I 'm starting to think &quot;is it worth it?&quot; with the insomnia, tiredness, diarrhea and waking up with migraines
I took my first dosage around 5pm and by the next morning I felt drunk and disoriented. My side effects are as follows: grinding my teeth, awaking off and on all night, shaking, dilated pupils, mild stomach ache and headache, fatigue, weakness, nervous, loss of appetite (which I was okay with) and diarrhea. I couldn 't stand for very long therefore I didn 't even attempt going to work. So, I stayed in bed all day and probably by 4 or 5pm that day I felt a lot better. Still groggy but I could function. I skipped taking another dose and went to work the next morning feeling like it was still in my system and I felt good. I 'm weaning onto the medicine by 1/4 of the pill for a week then 1/2 the second and so on. Seems to be working and no side effects.
sooo, I started these pill back in January and I 've gained over 20 pounds and here lately I 've been spotting , breast been super sore and headaches are terrible.. I need a different pill cause the weight gain is absolutely terrible!!!
It was a fine pill, only  a little spotting. But during the off-week, my vagina would burn like crazy for three days. It would wake me up during the night
Some nausea, severe vomiting when I first began...better now. It knocks me out pretty quick, so I take it at night along with 300mg of Lamictal and 150mg of Trazodone. The worst side effect I 've noticed is EXTREME fatigue. I can 't seem to get enough sleep. Otherwise, its definitely a step in the right direction. 2 weeks and counting- If the fatigue thing doesn 't let up I 'll probably have to stop it and move on to something else (its that bad). Also curbs my appetite considerably.
I had the Mirena put in on June 9th, I 'm 44 and have never had kids.  The procedure was quick and slightly painful,  but nothing major.  I had cramping,  just as if I was on my period for a day or 2. Started my regular period on the 22nd,  for about a week,  and have had some spotting since,  (today is July 1)but nothing too bad.  I 'm new into this,  so hoping the periods go away like people have said.  But so far,  it seems good!
So I had tried the pill in college which left me 30lbs heavier, fast forward 4 years and I find myself trying to pick out a birth control that wouldn 't cause such a dramatic weight gain. I tried Nuva per my OBGYN 's suggestion. I really like how easy it is to use. I never had a problem inserting or removing along with no problems during intercourse. My periods were also lighter. Nuva really worked with my schedule.The downfall is that my face broke out with cystic acne (which is extremely painful). My breasts hurt 24/7. I have no sex drive. I constantly feel like I have a UTI or something. My appetite is up and down sometimes I feel sick for no reason. Also I get 1-2 headaches a day since starting nuva.
I have been on Beyaz for several years (3+). When I first started using the pill, I experienced frequent nausea for almost a year. I gradually switched time of dosage to the evening upon recommendation from my obgyn. The nauesa did clear up. I virtually have no acne. Within the first few years, I did have lighter periods (3-5 day bleeding with minimal cramping). However, in my fourth year of being on this pill, I have been getting my period for only a day. Most times I skip a period entirely. This is due to the thin uterine lining. I did however, develop severe mood swings and panic attacks, which I suffer from daily. I also have had some hair thinning and some weight gain. Loss of libido at first, but it did return after the 1st year.
My psychiatrist put me on this over Seroquel which had been causing my white blood cell count to drop. I had been on Seroquel for years, and was able to function on it. Not so with Trazodone. The 50 mg I started on put me to sleep, but I felt really groggy the next day. I 've tried lowering the dose to 25 mg and I still feel absolutely tired. Some of the side effects I 've had: bad cough, runny nose (at times), feeling like I have a constant mild headache, feeling disconnected sexually, sweatiness, and the last one is the most bothersome--erectile dysfunction. Sometimes, I can get a full erection, and sometimes I can only get about 3/4 of the way there. I 'm going to fight to get back on the Seroquel which I still have and never caused any erectile dysfunction.
Depakote worked for me as a mood stabilizer, but caused a lot of side effects. Weight gain = 30 pounds in 3 months and pancreatitis. Doctors didn 't realize the pancreatitis was from the combination of two of my medications until I had it three times - pancreatitis is excruciatingly painful and lead to me losing my job from losing so much time at work. I 'm giving this medication a low rating event though it worked well for my mood because there are so many other medications out there for bipolar that are weight neutral and don 't cause organ damage.
Hot flashes stopped after 3 weeks. Have been using for 3 months now. Went through menopause but now bleed heavily 5 to 6 days every week. Messing clothes, bed linens. Will have to go back to doctor. Thought it would stop by now, but no change. I am 53 yrs old.
It worked quite well in the first 2 weeks with a lot of things. My thought process, my mood, my socializing, getting school work done much faster, not procrastinating. Then after 3 weeks on the medicine, it plummeted. I had more side effects after 3rd week when dosage raised to 20 mg as 10 mg did not work. Had heart palpitation, was sweaty, muscle weakness, extremely tired.
This seemed to control my stomach discomfort. I don&rsquo;t have typical reflux symptoms, but have been on PPIs (Nexium)for 5+ years because it helps control the pain in my stomach. I switched to Dexilant because I was still uncomfortable on Nexium. Immediate side effects were mostly cramping. After being on Dexilant  for about 6 weeks, I started feeling brief, strange sensations all over my body. It felt like pin pricks, or a zing here or there in my arms, hands, legs, face, or scalp. Two weeks later those sensations have intensified. Instead of lasting a few seconds and going away or a while, numerous sensations occur again and again. I am scratching even though it doesn&rsquo;t really itch. I stopped taking the drug as a result.
I 've been on this pill for 8 months. I 've always been overweight but I 've significantly changed my lifestyle, going to the gym consistently for the first time ever, yet I 'm gaining weight. Ugh. Other side effects: anxiety, panic attacks, mood swings, weird, vivid, and often sexual dreams, I sleep so much (10 hrs/night), loss of sex drive. Headaches and disturbed sleep which were extremely rare for me before. Also my blood pressure was 140/89 the other day and I 've never had high blood pressure! I was compelled to read reviews after that and I see some people had the same issue. This is the first pill I 've been on so I thought &quot;maybe this isn 't so bad&quot; but now, writing out all of my side effects, I 'm seriously considering stopping this pill.
I was on Yaz for almost a year. I gained 25 pounds and am heavier than I 've ever been in my life! I 've never, ever had a problem with weight gain before. After being on it for a couple months, I started getting weekly headaches. Really bad ones. I decided to go off of Yaz to see if the headaches would go away and I 'd stop gaining weight. Sure enough, after about 2 weeks the headaches stopped completely. I haven 't gained any more weight either, and I 've been off of Yaz for about a year now. Unfortunately, I 'm having problems losing all the weight I gained!
I was on this medication last year after I overcame an eating disorder and it worked perfectly fine. my doctor told me everything was okay and took me off it, worst mistake ever. Now I 've been on it again for 8 weeks and still feel blah with headaches and weird dreams; pretty much not feeling like me. It worked for me the first time taking this medicine; I would advise not to come off it if it if working.
I just wanted to write to thank everyone for their feedback and advice. My gut feeling was to not go in this even though drs told me entyvio Is the best safest thing (apparently not ). I have a friend who 's decided to go on it about 3 infusions now and not well.  Severe joint pain and sore bones throughout as well as dealing with rash and possible other autoimmune conditions that have not been verified yet if it 's drug related.  All symptoms are since being on Entyvio.   I 'm so glad that I followed my instincts and not the drug 's/Dr.   Hoping for some better options that are safer for all of us !
I 've suffered from acne for 8 years now and went through all sorts of phases. Now I 'm 20 yrs old and it 's all down on the chin area with deep, painful cysts everywhere. Unfortunately Epiduo (or any topical cream actually) is not good for that kind of stuff. If you 're a teenager, this may yield more likely results. I had an extremely oily face as a teen so I didn 't even experience the red/dry/flaky skin that most do. Sadly it stopped being effective about 6 months in so eventually I quit. Recently I 've tried it again but now it gives me persistent painful red/dry/flaky skin and not much positive results. It may be better for other people.
Over five years ago I was told no more NSAIDSs because of kidney disease.  I had found naproxen sodium effective for arthritis pain and migraine headaches.  Now because if the kidney disease I was prescribed tramadol, up to 100 mg four times a day.  At first I thought it was a joke. It was not nearly as effective as over-the-counter naproxen.  But I stuck with it because I had to. Gradually I became aware of its pain reducing qualities.  Recently I had joint replacement therapy and had good pain relief but terrible side effects from oxycodone  I went back to tramadol and it was enough to take the edge off.  I have noticed the headache that many mention in their reviews, but it 's mild and short lived. I even take tramadol for real headaches!
I was on Nexplanon for precisely 3 months. I got it out yesterday and switched immediately. I wanted it to work so badly but with the severe vaginal dryness and painful intercourse, I decided it just wasn 't worth it. I was on a combined pill Chateal before this for 3 years. I never had the dryness problem on Chateal. Nexplanon was wonderful for my energy level, state of mind and NO periods at all! For me though, I had to have it taken out because continual painful intercourse and vag dryness for 3 months was not acceptable. I believe my body needs a combined pill, a little estrogen to help me stay wet. Now I 'm on a lower dose combined pill, Aubra.
I have gained so much weight in the 5 months I got it.  I have no desire for sex although I got the implant in as a form of birth control.  The purpose has been defeated.  I can 't have it taken out because I owe the doctor 's office some money.  I can hardly walk up the stairs without shortness of breath.
I had it after my third baby ,April 2014, no evident side effects except for long period of menstrual cycle which I think is normal and doesn 't really bother me at all because it is still regular and on a monthly basis(5-7days,my usual menstrual period is only 3days). But what really bothers me is after a year of having implant, I started having cystic acne,that no matter what you do it doesn 't go away, I haven 't had any pimples during my teenage years, before I got pregnant and after having two kids, but recently they just keep popping up. I went to a dermatologist and have it checked (still hoping it wasn 't because of the implant) but well, it was really because of the hormonal changes that occurs with the implant. I Need to have it removed!
When Gouts strikes I take 50mg 3 times a day at 4 hour intervals.  I try to only take this medication for 2 days because I find the side effects to be a hindrance to my job.  The main side effects I get are confusion and the inability to concentrate on tasks which means I 'm like a zombie when taking these meds.
Ever since starting on this drug I 've had trouble controlling my bp. I 've started taking another bp med in addition to the 2 I was already taking. Plus the dosage has already been increased. My last bp this morning was 135/100. I still get headaches and have the pounding in my ears. I also have unexplained bruises all over. I will definitely be calling my dr again to check out alternatives.
It works great while it is applied, but I feel it is too powerful of a treatment option for this condition due to the withdrawal my face has had while coming off it. Also, my rosacea comes up in different areas of my face that I have never had redness in the past. Lastly, I sometimes get a very subtle rash on my forehead while using it.I spoke with my dermatologist and they suggested I stopped using it due to adverse reactions.
I started this medication at 150 mg xl about a week ago... I feel slightly different. ... I had a panic attack at work the other day.... which scared me.... I dont get as upset as before. My sex life is great! I think Im going to give it another week and maybe increase my dosage...
I started using this cream 0.25 about 2 months ago. It 's not fun you will have a huge break out more then one time. I personally experienced the right side of my face (which was the worst side acne wise) break out insane I almost stopped then it started to clear up( don 't give up). Now ,my left side is doing the same and it wasn 't even that bad. BUT my skin is so much less oily, pores are smaller, and things are starting to clear up. It sucks but my skin sucking for a few months and clearing up vs. sucking forever I 'll stick with the cream!! Also remember to use non-comedogenic &amp; oil free makeup/ lotions!!! I can 't say much more yet but I will review in a few months on how my experience is going.
Don 't see this helping my pain much. Would rather not take anything. Don 't like the side effects. Will be stopping soon. 
Starting weight about 240ish, 5 '9&quot;, 32, MaleAloha, just started today taking both Naltrexone HCL and Brupropion HCL as 2 separate pills to form Contrave, and not long after while at work I began to get the motivated and awake feeling that Naltrexone provides. My energy was increased greatly, did sit ups (42 today) while on breaks, felt really well and just an overall sense of good feeling. I quickly noticed my hunger cravings decrease, substituted greasy foods for healthier Jamba Juice drinks for lunch. Side effects was the common dizziness, more bathroom trips, slight headache but I 'm confident that it 'll subside as the days go by. Doing this for a better lifestyle for not just myself but for my family,  wish me luck, God Bless!
I have had Bipolar Disorder/Personality Disorder and severe depression for about 30 years and have tried just about every medicine there is. A recent set-back had me in hospital: my Dr. decided to put me on Seroquel XR 400 mg along with my other medicines. In the beginning it seemed  to help me, as time went on my symptoms of low mood suicidal thoughts, etc. came back...most important to note was the WEIGHT GAIN. In under a year almost 50 lbs for no real reason. Extreme fatigue and sleepiness-hard to get out of bed in the mornings! Am now reducing dosage to slowly get off it as per Dr. 's orders and switching to an alternative. I am hoping this will work.
It seems to be a great medicine.
Day one on this medication....had taken phentermine before, gotten to goal weight, then thought I could maintain on my own, with exercise etc. Had some winter weight gain and getting started again. My doctor asked if I wanted to try something new. At first made me a little light headed, but better as the day went on. Problem is now, I have to be up in a couple of hours and can 't go to sleep!..Hoping this goes away soon. Tomorrow will take it a little earlier in the day.
I have been taking this for a few days and it makes me feel totally wiped out.  I have normal blood pressure usually and this just lowers it so bad that I feel BLAH.. I wonder if taking it before bed would be a better way to take it.
I am a 53 year old male diagnosed with hypogonadism and I had 4 injections so far. The first two were 200mg but lab tests after two injections still came up low (183) so I am now on 300 mg. Started home injections to avoid a trip to the doctor in between blood work. No problem but not for the faint of heart. I now have increased energy and am starting to feel more &quot;normal&quot; Coupled with Hypothyroidism treatment I have seen a leaner more muscular stature  start to emerge. My doctor also suggested Saw Palmetto along with the testosterone and that had minimized the minor side effect of body acne from the higher doses.
Ok so I 'm a 19y/o female and, After a month and a half of super minor side effects (groggy, dizzy, no appetite) cymbalta started to work really well, however about a couple months ago I began experiencing mood swings more and more gradually. Now I have days where I 'm in a completely crabby mood  (I don 't want to do anything), or I 'm in an ok mood (I 'll go out and try to do a couple of things to build confidence), or I 'm totally pissy and mean all day and I cry and flip out. (like literally cry and like threaten to leave him for nothing) My poor boyfriend who doesn 't even understand the medicine (who tries to because he respects my choices) I plan on changing my medicine my next doctor 's visit cuz the mood swings are making it hard to get a job.
At first the Camrese was great. It successfully treated my cramping, mood swings, and acne. The first two cycles I did experience some spotting, but it decreased and eventually ended. For about another 6-9 months I experienced nearly no problems with the Camrese. A little over a year from starting the Camrese I began to get significant spotting (and I would take the pill at the EXACT same time everyday. I also began to develop an insatiable appetite that would last a week before my period and a week after I started the new pack. What prompted me to look for other forms of BC was that my mood swings would occur a week before, during, and after my period to the point where I was overwhelmed with unexplained anger/frustration.
I gave up smoking in June this year, and put on a whopping 4 stones. My ankles swelled and I got out of breath by just walking a few minutes. Since taking Indapamide I feel much better. No swellings and best of all being able to walk without stopping every few minutes to rest.
This med causes me severe headaches and helps with anxiety some but the pain in my head only grows worse each day along with blurred vision and highly increased appetite and dry mouth. Not worth the daily headaches. Using an antihistamine for anxiety and blood pressure meds like clonidine, said to help with my adhd that does nothing for my focus,  is a mixture of insanity. Im over the vistaril after a month of more intense headaches everyday.
When I had the paragard inserted it was the worst pain of my life.. I had a panic attack and I was screaming and crying. I had it inserted at planned parenthood so there was no pain medication, no dilation, not done on my period. I 've never had a baby so that might have made it worse for me. Cramps and lingering pain lasted a few days after that. After the pain went away I loved paragard for my birth control! Until I started getting yeast infections every month, sometimes twice a month! I had to change just about everything about my life to avoid getting yeast infections since I was now so prone to getting them. After one year I decided enough was enough and it was removed
Well, the pain on the nerve goes away pretty quickly after taking 150 mg of Trileptal, which I just started taking this year, because when I was told that I had trigeminal neuralgia last year, I didn 't find out until the pain was almost over, but the medicine only lasts about 4 hours or so.  At first, I got a headache, which didn 't last too long, so I didn 't take anything for the headache.  What concerns me the most is that lately I have been getting pain on my ankles the next day after doing a 45 min kickboxing work-out and it 's not going away, which I never had before. Today for the first time in my life I had a terrible pain on my pelvis that I couldn 't hardly walk .  Hopefully the pain goes away soon, and I won 't have to take anything,  'until next year '!
I 'm on day 3 and the only side effect I have had is itching, everywhere. My urinary tract infection is better but not gone yet.
Celebrex is great for pain, ten out of ten - but for me, it has unwanted side effects, such as stomach bloat and hair loss. I was on it for 3 years, and came off of it, and now I am back on it because of the pain.  But, I am going to try some other osteoarthritis medicines, and hope for less side effects. I 'm female and the side effects of Celebrex are terrible.
Nocturnal Grand Mal Seizures with Tremor for 35 years. I have been taking Vimpat for 3 years with limited success. At times I have had headaches, dizziness, vision problems, weight gain, tongue swelling to name a few. I was taking 300mg morning 300mg night along with 1200mg once daily of Aptiom (the new Tegritol with a twist)  No problems until 4 months ago. My knees started swelling and my joints started hurting like a severe pain I have never had. All the muscles in my legs started cramping at the same time. I went down to 150mg. of Vimpat twice daily and the swelling went down but not away. The pain is less but still there. The trouble has to be the Vimpat because I have been taking the Aptiom for only 2 months. Hope this is helpful.
I have been on Loestrin for about three years now and all in all it 's not a bad pill. One thing I would have to say though that I hate about this pill is the weight gain. In the first six months of this pill I gained 25 pounds! I was always a skinny girl, so you can imagine how awful it is in six months to go from a size three in pants to a size eleven. After that I have not gained any weight, though it has been very hard trying to lose the 25 pounds. More things that I 've noticed that I haven 't liked are mood swings at least a week before my period, tender breasts, and irregular periods. It 's been two years for me on this pill and I will go three months sometimes without having a period. Aside from the rapid weight gain this pill is okay.
Symbicort worked wonders for me, but when I talked my voice would trail off.  And I had to clear my throat to get my voice back.  Sometimes my voice sounded scratchy as well.  Doctor recommend I washed my mouth after each use.  But it still didn 't work.  I am in sales so talking is important and had to change to something else.
I have been taking Sprintec for over 3 years now for severe bleeding and pain during menstruation. Sprintec has helped lessen the bleeding and pain during menstruation, however the build up of this drug in my body has slowly caused so many side effects in which have severely hindered my quality of life. The following are side effects that I have experienced while on Sprintec:1. Daily Nausea2. Worsening of Chronic Migraines and Daily Headaches 3. Severe Dizziness / Light-headed 4. Visual Changes (Blurred Vision)5. Acne so bad that I had to be treated for infections of my hair follicles 6. Worsened Depression Again, these severe side effects took years to occur.
This can increase anxiety to start with. And make you sweat a lot.
I 've been taking Toujeo for about 3 weeks now.  I previously used Lantus.  Was able to use a drug card to get Toujeo price really low.  But, my sugars have been all over the place.  I have had 350 highs and 74 lows, up and down, with no real reason.  For example, two nights ago, my bedtime reading was 114 and the next morning, without eating anything, my reading was 353!!  No reason.  Anyone else having this issue with Toujeo?  Will it level out eventually?
I took Byetta for 7 months. The last 3 months I was taking 5mcg twice a day. I lost weight and my sugar level was good. But I was always bloated and constipated. It was not a good feeling. I like the results but have terrible side effects.
I haven 't gotten my period in a year. I got my first period when I was 9 and I was a regular until I turned 17, I 'm now 20. I was taking this medication (10mg) daily for 10 days, I finished them yesterday. My Doctor said I was supposed to get my period around the seventh day, I still haven 't gotten it, but I 'm hopeful because I have leg pain and my breast are tender since yesterday (those are signs I usually get before my period).
It works ok for my mild back pain.  It is not very effective for my severe back pain and broken rib.
I was prescribed this for pain in my throat due to acid reflux. It worked but didn 't last long. Also had headaches (side effect).
I 've been on this medication for 2 1/2 months now, so I 'm not sure if that 's long enough to judge this medication, but here I go. I am a 21 year old male, and I 've had anxiety for as long as I remember, and on and off depression since I was about 15. This medication works FANTASTICALLY for both anxiety and depression. Both symptoms are at an all time low, and I love this medicine for that. Unfortunately, side effects are present, and for me, never went away. I ALWAYS feel tired on this medicine (as a result, caffeine is my best friend). Because of the side effects, I don 't particular recommend this medicine, but everyone 's body works differently, and it may be right for you.
The first batch was awful!  After reading this blog/reviews, for batch #2, I mixed a pkg of crystal lite into each cup and then I sliced a lemon and bit into a slice before drinking thru a straw at the very back of my throat, and then biting the lemon again. This really worked much better.  I am almost done.
The insertion was easy. I experienced mild cramping.  I took two ibuprofen before I went in, maybe that helped. Off and on that first week,  i took ibuprofen for the cramping. I had it inserted about 1 month ago and since then I 've had a light flow. Three days ago,  I got my period. It 's not heavier than in the past but it 's definitely a period. I 've read that for most women the bleeding stops within 30 days. For some it takes longer. If you decide to use this birth control,  be prepared to wait it out.
I have been taking this drug for 8mths. It was helping at first but the hot flushes are coming back more frequently now and I 'm tearing up a lot lately. I had bloods done and asked if I could take a higher dosage as because the test showed I 'm am definitely going through the change. She said no as it would increase my chance of breast cancer. I take .3 each night.
It does make your eyelashes grow, but mine started growing on the inner corners of my eye and under my eye! I got the sensation of something in my eye (usually it was the overabundance of lashes). My eyes got dry and the drops sting.
I 'm 27 years old and have been to the doctors many many times. I 've had nausea, vomiting, weight loss and headaches/migraines, for over a year now. I 'll have a few days to a week with no symptoms and then they come right back. I 've had appointments with gastroenterologist and have had a colonoscopy and endoscopy done. I 've been to the hospital on a few occasions due to my vomiting. Doctors still don 't know whats wrong. They have put me on acid reflex medications, which don 't help much. I have talked to my doctor about the possibility of me having CVS. He hasn 't said that 's what I have but prescribed me Amitriptyline. Just started it yesterday... Hope it works. Close to losing my job if I cant get this under control.....
Long history of post-op nausea (PONV) here. Excellent care team applied patch about an hour before surgery (along with IV Zofran) to stop the nausea. Really hoped it would help. The dizziness &amp; blurred vision &amp; very dry mouth made me feel worse--dying of thirst. Drank too fast post-op and had some of the worst PONV ever. CRNA said to wear it 3 days; I took it off after about 36 hours; my doctor switched me from oral promethazine (did not stay down) to meltable Zofran, which was much better. Hope it works better for others.
The drug works well. The problem is trying to get off it or if you run out of pills. Numerous blogs are dedicated to the horror stories of detoxing from this Med! Be very careful and do your research before you start taking this drug!!!
Just had this for my procedure tomorrow. Managed to get the first one down but the second dose rocketted out of me when I threw it up. I 'm worried they won 't do the colonoscopy now.. but I think it was way too much for me. I 'm 4 '9 and weight 100lbs ...
I have to keep this concise since I can only type so many words. I used this for acne. Using it every other day left my skin oily and peeling. I switched to every 3-4 days and the flesh-colored bumps on my forehead went away. The problem? This stuff will dry out your skin. I used this followed by a thick moisturizer. Still had super tight skin. After doing some research, I learned that this stuff thins your skin out. The cleanser that I used for 7 years started to burn. Every moisturizer (even Vaseline) made my face burn. I trashed any product that had exfoliators (i.e. micro beads, acids). I started washing my face with oatmeal and applied a sunscreen moisturizer. The severe dryness went away. The bumps have not returned.
Im on a 7 day course x2 a day on Metronidazole. I felt fine the first 2 days no side effects really.But yesterdays (day 3) i could hardly eat i was sick and dizzy, vision is a bit blurry and hard to focus. Also thinking is slower and speach has slowed. Day 4 which i am on now, my head is fuzzy , im hungry but the thought of food is making me feel worse i can just about drink water, and have been exhuasted still feel slow and sluggish, speach is still slow and even struggling to write this! I have noticed its working but these do mess you about!
I got prescribed flagyl 500 x daily. Just started .. I don 't feel any nausea or taste in my mouth. Actually odor is slightly eliminated, burning gone just pressure on my vulva when peeing. I really feel that taking probiotics with it works wonders..and the big plus is not getting a yeast infection after done with the antibiotics. What doctors don 't tell you is you can get both BV and Yeast infection at same time. Hope this helps ladies!! Good luck to all.
Well, started taking strattera around 6 weeks back, had ADHD since I was a child. (23 now) been on ritilin and a couple of other ones when I was young, can 't remember the name of the other two. Took myself off the meds when I was old enough to leave school, looking at how people are describing their children 's symptoms are bringing it all back. How every day at school trying to eat was the biggest challenge, YES I could sit still, YES I was &quot;well behaved&quot; but all the time every day I just felt ill. All some parents and mostly schools care about is if every child in the room is quiet and being educated. I 'd never felt so free when I took myself off the meds. Strattera is kind of working for me now but is causing a lot of changes to my body
I had Skyla put in about a year ago.  The insertion was pretty awful because there were complications so it took longer than anticipated.  That was not because of the Skyla but because of my doc (which she was really great about the whole process).  I include that because I haven 't had any children and have a pretty high tolerance for pain, so I want anyone reading this to expect some discomfort.  Since having it my cramps have been terrible and seem to only disappear for about a week and a half or so each month.  I also still have spotting.  My periods in general are lighter but they last for 5 or 6 days now it seems.  I 've also had a significant increase in hormonal breakouts, which I definitely believe to be due to the BC.
Dosage for adults says 1-3 pills.  I 'm 27, 130 lbs, hadn 't gone for almost two weeks and was starting to feel full even when I didn 't eat and extremely bloated.  I only took one pill because I didn 't want severe cramping.  7 hours later, after a lot of rumbling and mild cramping I had to &quot;go&quot;.  Intense cramping during going, my knees were shaking and I vomited three times as well.  This certainly works, but I also felt like I had a severe stomach virus for about the 30 minute duration.  This was from one pill.  I couldn 't imagine taking 2 or three.  Everyone 's bodies react differently, but I will be going the enema route next time.
Not the most effective. It did tone down my hypomania a little bit. I normally get depressive episodes at a set time every year, and lamotrigine pushed it a bit later than it would have been. Besides that, it didn 't do much; I 'm still having severe depressive episodes that lead to suicidality. No side effects on its own, but I 've noticed that it seems to magnify the side effects of other drugs if I take both (e.g., if I take a drug that makes me drowsy, lamotrigine makes me more drowsy; if I take a drug that makes me nauseous, lamotrigine makes me more nauseous, etc.). All in all I 'm pretty neutral on this drug. It 's not great, but not bad.
Used to work great. 1 tab a day for allergies, no side effects. Lately bad side effects, sleepy and unsettled.  
Took this for low sodium level caused by brain radiation- which caused SIADH. Demeclocycline raised the sodium level but too high- in addition it caused dehydration, burning in the mouth, vaginal and anal areas, watery eyes and nose, discharge from the ears and increased BUN and Cretinine levels indicating kidney failure.
Worked good for about 4 months then my psoriasis started to come back within 8 months it almost like it was before Humira. One year later it has became completely useless.
As birth control it worked great because it made be feel protected all the time, and I 'm awful at taking pills everyday, but side effect wise-it sucked. I bled for the entire 7 months I had it in my arm (except for 4 day out of the entire 7 months). I also cramped like a mad man ( the number one reason I started taking birth control years ago)  . It made me extremely emotional, and that 's what made me take it out despite the other side effects. It was literally driving me crazy to the point where my family asked is maybe I should think about getting it taken out. I had a past of severe anxiety, and it made it even worse unfortunately. Good thing everyone 's body chemistry is different, hopefully it will help someone else.
I started Lexapro the summer before my sophomore year of college and have now been on it for about 6 months now. It worked pretty well in the first month, my anxiety went down but after that it felt useless. We upped the dosage all the way from I think 5mg to 20mg by the end of the summer and still felt useless. I decided to continue taking Lexapro as I went back to college and I still felt like it was not working. I still felt really anxious and on edge all the time so I decided to go to the school 's psychiatry center, which during my screening they told me that Lexapro is actually known for dying out over time. I stopped taking it and my anxiety is through the roof. Overall, it helped me but not as much as I 'd liked it to
This medication didn 't do anything for my clinical depression or anxiety, but it did help me  gain about 90 pounds which I desperately needed due to my anorexia.
I have had this IUD for about 9 months, and I want to give it a good review, but I can 't. At first I absolutely loved it. I have always had really painful periods, and within the first 2 months my period basically stopped. I 've only had 2 very light ones since. I haven 't had any pain from it, no changes to my sex drive, and I don 't have to think about it.But...After I had my son I was 10lbs LESS than my pre-preg weight, but after I had the Mirena put in I gained those 10lbs back, and have been battling to keep it at just 10. On top of that I 've had acne like never before in my life, and have recurring yeast infections (which I almost never got before).It took me a while to put it all together, but I 've decided that I need to get it out.
I took this pill 2 days after unprotected sex (July 16th) and bled a little 4 or 5 days later. I think it was just withdrawal bleeding not a period. So anyway August gets here and I still have yet to get my actual period. Didn 't get one all of August so I bought a home pregnancy test beginning of September because at this point I didn 't think Plan B had worked (although I had no typical pregnancy symptoms). Anyway I took two home pregnancy tests and they both came back negative. This morning I started getting bad cramps and finally I got my period. Now I know this pill is different for everyone but I 'd say unless you absolutely have no other options then don 't take this pill. Just get on birthcontrol or have the guy wear a condom. I am relieved I 'm not pregnant though.
I 've been on Trulicity for 5 or 6 weeks now. It definitely decreases my appetite. The verdict is still out on my blood sugars. I have unpredictable retching. It just occurs out of the blue almost on a daily basis. Sometimes there is a tiny bit of nausea, sometimes no nausea at all. The retching leads to vomiting about 25% of the time. I 'm not sure if I 'll stay on it or not. It depends on if this retching gets better.
I started the Nexplanon November of 2013. From there my period was crazy and out of control. I started getting acne and my sex drive was down to the ground! I haven 't had sexual intercourse in months because of the prolong period and no sex drive. Other than that I love that you don 't have to worry about taking it everyday and that I didn 't gain weight. I had to get it taken out after 6 months, which is today. Couldn 't take it anymore.
Atorvastatin did lower my cholesterol quite a bit, but within the first couple of weeks I developed muscle pain in the back of one knee. After another week, I developed muscle pain in the calf of the other leg. My doctor doesn 't think this was caused by Atorvastatin. He believes it is arthritis. He ordered an xray of knee and blood test for liver function. Waiting for results. If pain is from arthritis. I will continue taking medicine. If Atorvastatin is affecting muscles or liver, I may discontinue or ask to switch to another statin.
I have been on otezla going on 4 months now, my results have not been that great. My plaques are less angry and not as red but they are still very visible and itchy, the majority of my plaques are on my legs and arms the rest of my body was always clear.  Visiting with my dermatologist to see if I shoukd give it some more time or stop taking it; I 'll keep you posted. I had very little side affects by the way, a little diareah.
I have been on Tramadol for about 4 to 6 years. I occasionally go through the Vicodins, Darvacets, Percocets, and etc. type drugs. I didn 't like being addicted to anything, so it is good hearing the positives over the negatives. I didn 't like the look I would get from family and friends who saw me taking my medicine and wondering was I abusing it or not. I am doing this for me, my family and friends. I am just scared that I would relapse and that at some point Suboxone won 't work. But it has only been 3 days and the drowsiness is horrible and interferes with my daily activities. So I have to take it with clonazepam, a medicine they say not to take it with, but my doctor advised it.
Worked great when I first started meds, but slowly had to increase dosage for relief. I have Fibromyalgia. I take 12 to 16 mg at night. I have started having hallucinations, terrible nightmares. It causes really bad dry mouth. Doesn 't help me sleep anymore. Will see if there is something else out there.
My second day I found myself driving to the 7-11 and don 't remember it. My next room friend told me. 
It worked very well for asthma symptoms. Greatly reduced lung inflammation.  It takes quite a few weeks to reach max effectiveness.  But gave me joint aches, muscle aches and all over malaise. This is listed as an uncommon side effect so it may not affect most.
Lamictal is a great medication for the depressive side of my bipolar 1 disorder, but try as I may, it is not a good mono-therapy, meaning I can 't take it alone.  I need another mood stabilizing medication with it or it causes anxiety and irritability to worsen.  I 'm giving it 7 of 10 stars because it doesn 't work for bipolar 1 as a mono-therapy and has effected my memory and ability to recall words and to read quickly.  Side effects for me are reading difficulty, memory issues, and break through anxiety and irritability.
A little history. This is the first birth control pill I have been on which is now a total of 4 months. The first month I spotted/bleed for two weeks straight. The second month I spotted for one week prior to my actual period. Third month no spotting but had a full blown period for 7 days - the whole last week of the pill pack. I definitely see myself being moodier since taking this pill but no aniexty or depression or acne. However one side effect is excessive weight gain. Since taking this pill I have gained 15 pounds and counting. I am considering a switch for this reason alone as I practice portion control which has kept my weight consistent for almost 2 years. Good to try but weight gain is a major con!
I had seen my doctor on Friday 2/24/2017, weighed myself and I immediately became depressed. Not knowing that I have gained so much weight over the past year. As of today, today this is my 5th day taking only one per day. I started a diet for myself and this is the longest I 've went without eating out. I don 't eat as much at all and I don 't have any cravings for what I use to eat. I drink lots of water per day and I 've started morning walks. I haven 't weighed myself yet cause I 'm afraid to see if I haven 't lost any weight so I 'm going to weigh once I hit my 1 month period which is 3/24/17. Wish me luck.
I have taken this for years, less effective with time; I have super tolerance to any sleep aids. Often have to take over counter sleepers, night-time sinus tabs, other &quot;drowsiness&quot; meds to get it to work. Also have Rx for Ativan (1mg - very mild tranquilizer); chewing 4 of these has better result than my 30 mg Flurazepam.
When I started birth control, I was initially put on Desogen. That birth control gave me horrible mood swings and I eventually had to switch when they began to interfere with my life. I started Loestrin 24 Fe after that, and I liked it a lot more at first than I do now. I have now been on this pill since about August of 09, and I am currently looking to find another method to try since I am experiencing terrible lack of sex drive and random cramps throughout the month. However, I still give this birth control a 6 because the lack of libido is the worst symptom I have experienced, and after the horror of mood swings I experienced before, that doesn 't seem AS bad.
Started/switched to the patch in Feb 2017 @ 229lbs after giving the nuva ring. Slight itching at patch site (buttocks), noticeable mood swings, and came off one time. Menstruation  consistent, took patch off Sunday, the end of wk3 and by Wednesday menstrual period arrived. No spotting in between. I stared a weight loss program and lost 13lbs in one month (June 2017). On Monday of wk 3 I started spotting (20days post last period) and it was consisted at every use of the bathroom. Only panty liner needed. Called Gyn said its normal, weight loss triggers hormonal changes and to use the patch as usual. Wk 4 no period. new patch cycle. Skin itching insanely! Patch site swelled up as if i was branded. Wk 6 prego w/ #5! 200lbs less effective says label.
Been on saxenda for two weeks , no side effect and no weight loss. I have been exercising by walking 45-1 hour. Frustrated.
It is not strong but took away most of the pain but kept me awake. Percocet is better.
I have been on the pill for about 3 weeks now, everything has been going okay. I have less mood swings I 'm more calm and my sex drive has improved so that 's a plus. There are a few side effects I 've experienced though, my acne is breaking out again, I 've been having spotting and severe cramps, but I 'm going to finish my 3 months and see how it goes... hope this helps good luck ladies!
I have been on Yaz for a little over a year now. My doctor put me on this pill because it is apparently a good one for PCOS. This pill did keep me from getting pregnant and helped somewhat with cramping. However, while on this pill I gained about 12 pounds and my sex drive was non-existent and I 'm 21 so that 's not normal. Also, while I was on Yaz my periods never came the day it was supposed to but rather the day it was suppose to end. My periods were often heavy and irregular. Before I was put on Yaz I was on Seasonique and today I am going back on that pill. I was on Seasonique for 4 years before Yaz and I never had any problems.
I had terrible skin irritation and rashes from the patch. I still have some scars. I think it also caused weight gain.
I was prescribed  20mg citalopram for anxiety and depression. It helped out immensely for keeping me calm, never stressed, and it helped me sleep well at night. However, it killed my libido and has made me emotionless. It didn 't help my social anxiety very much. I can go out and not be a nervous wreck, but I can 't enjoy myself. I feel like a walking zombie for most of the day, but my appetite is normal. What bothered me the most is, I can 't hold a conversation with the people I love the most. I didn 't have the enthusiasm to talk to my husband like I used to. I 've been on this drug for 2 weeks. It killed my libido on my second day of taking it. I 'm going to taper down to 10mg and see how I feel.
just started taking  so not sure yet
I have been taking Ultram (200 mg a day) for several years now.  I found that it does take the top of the pain down but doesn 't give me great relief.  I am finding it 's effectiveness less and less and will be trying to wean off of it but withdrawal symptoms are pretty bad.  Please be well aware of the dependency issue. 
Just started my 3rd month on Implanon for first time. First period started 1 week after inserted lasted two and half weeks, and since then I have spotted / light bleeding everyday. No real sign of another actual period yet. No sex drive. I 'm willing to keep it in for a few more months as I feel ok and have not had any mental distubances on it yet. Hopefully spotting dies down and I can be more intimate with my husband again.
This medicine was working. Unfortunately I also suffer from migraines and take Topamax. After about two months I began depression. It was really bad.
I 've been on Claravis for 15 days today, and so far there is no improvement. After about 10 days of use, I broke out very badly. Everybody that 's saying they 've already improved after a week or two couldn 't have had very bad acne to begin with. The doctor said that results won 't start appearing at all until at least 3-4 weeks, but at this rate, I don 't think I 'll be seeing any soon. I have pretty severe acne, and have ever since 7th grade (I 'm a senior now). My side affects at this point are very dry skin - particularly the nose, mustache area, chin, and lips - I have slight muscle aches in my back and neck that I didn 't have before, and I 've been getting an abnormal amount of bloody noses since I started (at least twice a day.)
Nardil only worked for me for about 6 months. At first my depression decreased substantially but gradually returned.
I had this put in Feb 2014 and had it removed yesterday 10/2015. I 've gained 38 lbs and no matter how healthy I 'm eating or how much I 'm excercising I cannot lose any weight. My depression has gotten worse and I can 't even stand the thought of having sex. I 'm always tired, unmotivated, and having trouble focusing. It 's great that once it 's in you don 't have to worry about it but I 'm 27 &amp; single so the weight gain, fatigue, etc just isn 't working for me.
Very good medicine.
I received Dilaudid through IV while in ER for kidney pain. The pain relief was very fast and effective. However, I had noticeable side effects - that disorienting whoosh effect mentioned by another commenter, severe dizziness, nausea and blurred vision. When admissions asked me to sign paperwork I had significant trouble raising my arms and holding the pen, but I was able to sign my name with a great deal of concentration. Getting out of bed was very difficult when they asked for a urine sample. I needed quite a bit of assistance from the nurse to walk across the hall. All I wanted to do was lie very still and minimize the dizziness. It took about 8 hours for this effect to go away.
I 've been on Brintellix for about 5 months now. At first I was on 5mg and I noticed 2 things right away: I was experiencing some severe nausea,  but I wasn 't having the kinds of social thoughts the other antidepressants I have taken caused. Doctor shortly thereafter increased my dose to 10MG. I felt happy and very, very focused. Time got away from me,  and the days blurred together. Unfortunately I experienced some negative side-effects. I noticed that I became agitated easily and even very, very angry at times.  There were times that I hated everything. Not to mention the complete loss of sex drive- very big problem at 26 years old. Back on 5mg now. Still no sex drive. Plus the meds are so expensive!
My son was prescribed this at the age of five. It work well on his ADHD, the bad thing about it was that it made his see things that weren 't there. He would hallucinate very badly. So we had him taken off and was put on a new medicine.
One big complaint I had about it is that I gained a whopping 20 pounds since I went on it. I exercise everyday and I eat healthy, but my appetite sort of increased slightly.
5mg worked very well for me for a few months. The only side effects I had for a long time were bad taste/tongue numbness, extreme sedation after taking it, hard time waking up the next day. And weight gain! After about 6 months I went up to 10mg. Within 1 month I felt completely &quot;flat&quot; (no true feelings or joy in anything) and my anxiety got TERRIBLE! Tried to go back down to 5mg but then I suddenly developed akathesia and had to stop completely. I have been off it for 6 days now and feel great. I can actually wake up in the morning, my anxiety is subsiding, and the creepy feeling in my legs is completely gone. My therapist told me she noticed I was more &quot;engaged&quot;. I have already lost 1 or 2 lbs of the 15  I gained. Too bad it didn 't work.
Day 4 of this med. Had abscess on butt drained last Wednesday out of province, w/o a follow up prescription for antibiotics. Friday was in great pain and visited my my family Doctor who prescribed this med 400mg/10 days. Pain has subsided but wound is still draining and slightly swollen. None of the side effects mentioned by many are present for me, so far, but I do find the healing to be rather slow. Will see Doctor on day 6...if still draining then, I hope he will know why and make any necessary changes required! God bless u all!
I have been on this pill for close to 7 months now. I started having sex with my husband around month 3 when we got married and I noticed a decrease in sex drive, a few heavy period days and a few light period days but they were always during the placebo week. I feel hungry at night and in the mornings, and crave sweets more than ever. My weight has been pretty stable. I had a few yeast infections and vaginal dryness and nothing sucks more than telling your husband you can 't because it hurts too much within the first month of marriage!!
I 'm going on my 3rd week of LoSeasonique and have been bleeding ever since I started. Just when I think it 's going to stop, it 's starts heavier again.  I do get a little dizzy, but I 'm hoping it 's just my body getting used to the hormones and I 'll stabilize soon.  No skin problems, and I feel I 'm less emotional than with another pill I had tried.
Very powerful. Works good for the infections but the side effects are cruel. For an hour and a half after I take it I have severe nausea, belching with it coming up, and stomach cramps.
Ok so I was due to start this at 7pm. It 's now 8:40pm and I 'm still struggling to choke down the first dose. I don 't wish this on anyone and I shudder to think I have to do this again in the morning. Just make it taste like water!
I started taking qsymia on 11/14/15 so for i am experiencing 2 of the known side effects  problem sleeping i am a sleeper so i know this could very well be the meds ,and also constipation. I haven 't gotten on the scale yet i just hope its working...
The first few days, 0.3mg did put me to sleep but I had to wake up and take another dose four hours later. The orthostatic hypotension was so bad, the next morning I felt like I was dragging and fatigued much easier. Working out was impossible!
My 11 year old daughter has sinusitis and the Biaxin has quickly helped her feel better, but she vomited once on the 3rd day and again on the 4th day, both in the morning.  Not sure if it 's the Biaxin, the dripping from her sinuses, or the combination.  The doctor didn 't seem too concerned unless it persists.  
I started taking the pill for my irregular cycle and it has worked but I 've noticed I started having headaches, bloating and terrible mood swings. In addition, I 've become somewhat lazy and gained a tad bit of weight. I 'm about to be on my next set of pills starting tomorrow so I hope it gets better.
I tried Microgestin 1/20 for a month. I had originally had Mirena (which I loved and had no issues whatsoever, but had it removed because my husband kept complaining incessantly about being poked by the strings). I noticed after a week of taking it I felt incredibly sad. I couldn 't enjoy much of anything. This was a drastic change to how I was feeling just a week ago. As the pack wore on, it only got worse. My entire family noticed a drastic difference in my mood. I 'm definitely going to attribute it to this birth control because once I stopped taking it I was fine and back to my normal self. Not sure why doctors don 't warn you about these side effects. Thanks, Big Pharma!
I was on the ring for two and a half years. When I first started it, I loved it. No acne, no remembering to take it everyday, no worrying, no cramps, light periods.Into my second year, my sex drive totally shriveled up. My vagina was drier than normal. I would be in the mood but my vagina never got the memo. I 've switched birth control to the pill now, and Its slowly coming back but barely. 
This medication should never be taken as a long term treatment for Anxiety, Panic Attacks etc.. This medication also should be given at low doses to begin 0.5 once or twice a day. The reasonfor these conclusions is that I first was given clonazepam over 25 years ago after extreme anxiety   from a major surgery. My dosage was high (Started 2MGX 3 Day and Eventually 2MG X4 a day) I was on 2 MG X 4 a day for well over 20 years and getting off has been almost impossible, even in a detox center. Even with tapers. This last year we slowly were sort of successful by cutting it back down to 2MG X 3 a day and that took over a year of tapering. I still get the shakes once in a while, this drug is dangerous for now I crave it.
This is my first ever pill I used. The first couple months were full of nausea, headaches, sadness, and anxiety. Around 5 months in, I 've been bleeding for 7-9 days during the second week. Then spotting for 4-6 days during my last week. This happened for a few months. At first I thought it was still adjusting but now it 's a continuous cycle. With the super low estrogen, there 's been a lack of lubrication during intercourse. I 'll be having burning sensations lasting for a max. 12hrs.Overall it was a bad and good pill. It was bad to have the lack of lubrication and the continuous bleeding every two weeks. It was good to have cleared my acne for the most part and to have intercourse without a condom.
I 've been on Trintellix for 7 weeks along with Buspirone for Anxiety, which is my biggest problem. About 1 month in on Trintellix I got hives and itchy skin too.  Wasn 't sure what that was about.  The hives seem to be going away slowly, not all gone yet but the itchy skin remains.  It 's manageable, just annoying.  Not really sure this medication is helping me.  Right now just trying to get/keep the anxiety under control.
Abilify has caused some weight gain and I feel like a slightly depressed zombie throughout the day. I am taking an extremely low dose of this medication. I want to feel better but some days it is difficult.
I started taking lutera because I have horrible pain and insane cramps, hot flashes, etc on my period. I could 've taken a pain killer but I chose I could just go on birth control again. I used to be on ortho Tri cyclin lo. This was a low dose of lutera they told me so I said ok. It worked as far as birth control and took my cramps and pain away right away which was a plus. On my 4th pack I started noticing I had very bad anxiety, I was sweating in my sleep, feeling zoned out after a full nights sleep I hated how it made me feel. So I stopped taking it. After 3 days of stopping, I started having light brown discharge and horrible cramps. The longer I 've been off it now for a week the worse it is, heavier discharge, headaches, bodyhurts and I have bleeding
Did help with depression however had bad side effects like low libido. Also, created manic symptoms even when on lithium so I can 't even be on a high enough dose to be really effective.
Aczone has worked really well however, beware of bed linens getting stained yellow from it.
I had some anxiety in college, then graduated, and the anxiety stayed. I used medication as my last resort, and after my doctor decided taking clonazepam everyday wasn 't cutting it- I went on Zoloft.  I expressed my concern about the weight gain aspect of this drug, and my doctor told me this was weight neutral....HA. a year later and I am 25 pounds heavier despite strict diet and exercise. The drug does wonders for anxiety, but I cannot deal with the weight. I am now considered obese. I 've tried everything, and the only thing that seems to work is simply not eating (which obviously isn 't practical). I am in the process of getting off this drug.
I started ALLI on Saturday 16th. I took all 3 pills throughtout the day with my moderately fat diet and its now Tuesday 19th and I 've not had one oily stool or  'accidents '. My flatulence has increased and I have a gurgly sensation in my belly once in a while. Just wondering if these things are going to work. I will weigh myself in a few days to see
I 've been taking this pill for almost a month now and the first time I had my period was when I was taking the active pills it lasted almost 10 days and it was terrible, because my period usually lasted 2-3 days. I have experienced change in my appetite. I eat less then I normally did but oddly enough I did gain some weight (not sure how that happened) but other then that nothing has really changed. 
My doctor started me on Yaz about a month and half ago for my PMDD disorder. I do not have the weight gain that I would get every month 10 days before my period and mood swings and the overwhelming feeling of unattractiveness 10 days before my period went away, one side effect that was odd was insomnia and only one panic attack. I 'm not sure if the insomnia or panic attack is related to Yaz because I had both 3 to 4 years ago but it went away. I am 35 years old and have never used the pill before taking Yaz.
My depression improved, but a concern I have been experiencing is sensitivity to sun light.
I can 't wait to get this thing out I have been on this birth control for a little over two years now and i have finally realized why I have been so miserable! First off I got this cuz My best friend was on it and I thought wow no periods how awesome! (She 's on it still and loves it so it can be good for some people) but for me it 's terrible just like what everyone else is saying! We will start first with acne I have had acne since forever but since going on this it has become way worse i wanna cry! Second weight gain and bloating I have only gained about 5 lbs but I can 't lose it and I feel bloated EVERY MINUTE OF EVERY DAY my mood swings are out the door and my sex drive is terrible I feel bad for my bf and am getting this thing out asap
I have been on Velivet for about a year. It has been better than the birth control I was on before, Ortho Tri-Cyclen, but I have decided to go off of it because for 2 weeks at the end of my cycle I am incredibly emotional, cannot stop crying, am irritated and irrational and it 's having a serious toll. I also have a pretty low sex drive.
I did not gain any weight, and have seen a slight improvement in my skin overall ( I never really had/have acne though). One thing that I have noticed is my anxiety and moodiness (depression) is completely out of control. I 'm either suffering from sky-high anxiety for no reason, or I 'm fighting back tears for no reason! Also, my sex drive has completely plummeted, I mean from 10 to absolutely ZERO. I am in my late twenties and this has been a real struggle with my long term relationship. Definitely not the pill for me.
I was in a vehicle accident and had a Toradol injection for pain in my back muscles. I experienced the severe side effects of blurred vision, nausea, and dizziness (I felt like at any moment I would pass out) about 2 hours after the injection. My hips also hurt for about 8 hours after the injection. My back pain has lessened, so the medication worked, but it is now on my list of allergies.
Worked well on reducing the size of tumours in first 6 cycles.But then I  started getting lots of stomach problems , and vomiting. I have lost 10kgs in weight. I  have been hoping that since stopping the trial in August 2017 , the effects would go away, to date Oct 30 2017 , not so.However initially it did seem a miracle drug that the tumours respnded so well.However I have more tumours progressing now, so it clearly stopped responding.
I think I just worry to much after reading other peoples experiences! But after one constipation experience I started to worry even more! I had a 2 cup of blood BM! I 'm 82 and wish for a short-cut! Seems all Laxative Meds do what they want to! I wish I had been accepting that fact sooner!
Hi I am a 52 year old man who has had MS for about 18 years (SMPS) I 'm on a lot of hormones for other problems which have helped masked the MS symptoms but not so any more, I 'm now on Ty and have had 5 infusions and have not noticed any changes better or worse no side effects, I hope for a miracle but who knows, I 'm JC neg and have a lot of trust in my Neurologist, lets all hope for a better tomorrow cost is 0 as Australia medicare pays
Zocor worked to lower my cholesterol from 288 to 150 with exercise, but the side effects became progressively worse and worse until I had to choose not to take it.  I wondered if I had developed lupus because my entire body ached. My hips, my ankles, my wrists, my entire shoulder joints.  I felt exhausted and had no energy.  I stopped and could tell a 90% change in 48 hours. My joints and muscles are back to normal and my energy level has increassed.
I received Liletta June 2016, slight cramping at the beginning,  and a period that would last a couple weeks a month. Extreme bloating,  disgusting acne,  and weight gain. Then after 4 months,  it came out!! Had it replaced, it 's only been a couple weeks of constant light cramping,  my period is now on and I think it shifted again and is close to coming out for a second time. I 'm not sure what to do if this thing comes out for a second time...smh. Small percent chance of happening? I am not so sure? , I 'm willing to wait but it 's not looking too good.
I live in Mexico and a prescription is not needed.  I take 4 50mg a day for neck pain. No side affects at all.  Also helps with some joint pain.
Problems with flushing until doctor told me not to eat strawberries or chocolate in the evening.  I can eat them before lunch.  I take Niaspan on going to bed.  I eat 2 Graham crackers and 8 oz of milk when I take it.  This has resolved all my problems with the medicine.
I went on this pill last year and it was amazing. my skin was always clear it i did gain some weight. I got off of the pill for a couple months and lost the weight but I started breaking out so I went back on the pill to regulate my period and stress.. this time I hate it!! I have terrible constipation and got terrible acne all over my body out of nowhere !!! I never had body acne until I started taking this pill again. waiting a couple more weeks to see if things get better but of not i 'm definitely switching.
Day 3 and these are the symptoms I 've experienced: Dizziness, anxiety attacks, numbness in toes and fingers, joint pain, nasal congestion, metallic taste in mouth, funny stuffed ear sensation, paresthesia all over, dark stool, low blood sugar if I don 't eat every 3 hours, loss of appetite, nausea, brain fog, eye pain, blurred vision, muscle weakness, back pain, malaise, funny feeling in the pit of my stomach, gas, belching, off balance, jaw pain, speech difficulty, irritation, agitation... I am praying that these symptoms will stop today.  My doctor told me to tough it out.  There must be a better treatment for H. Pylori.
I had my thyroid out in Feb. of 2016.  I was put on 125mgr of generic Synthroid.  My blood sugar was dropping below 50 on a daily basis.  I looked the problem up on the internet and found that people had the same problem and advocated that I take the brand name drug to correct the problem.  For the past two months I have been on the name brand and I seem to be leveling out in  the high 60s with my sugar which is ok.  I am stuck paying the extra charge not covered by my insurance.  roughly $32 per month for 30 pills.  Have had no weight gain yet which I am very happy about.  I am going to ask my doctor at the end of this month to increase my dosage to bring my sugar up into the 80s or even 90s where it belongs.
I rated it a 5 because I felt for me it was 50/50. Tomorrow will have been only my 5th day taking the generic version (bupropion SR), but I am making today the last one. I was prescribed only 150mg once a day. The first 3 times I took it, it worked wonderfully. I experienced a handful of side effects that were super mild, but I felt great. I felt energized and positive. Today on the other hand, about two hours after I took my dose, I was hunched over the toilet almost throwing up with bad stomach pain in addition to the nausea. I never threw up. I have ZERO appetite and no energy and a bad sharp pain in my upper stomach. I feel totally disconnected from my body.
Myrbetric caused me to have a Urinary Tract Infection. I thought I had the flu; by the time I realized I needed help I was septic and developed atrial fibrillation. Now I am on blood thinners to avoid a stroke and my OAB is worse than ever, practically ruining my life. I had to leave a family wedding to avoid a major malfunction; it is threatening my employment and my ability to do my job. I am terrified of accidents and must take extra clothes with me, even on a trip to the grocery store. It is embarrassing.  My doctor had provided me with free samples and I was taking those when it worked great for about 10 weeks, then stopped working; about 3 weeks later I was hospitalized with the UTI, septicemia &amp; AFIB with a heart rate 180 bpm.
My doctor wanted to take me off of Beyaz and I was switched to this; the pill was effective, never spotted. Sometimes period was extremely heavy and other times it barely lasted 3 days. Mood swings were crazy, and my chin has been broken out for the entire 5 months. No matter what I use (soap, acne medication) it will not go away.
It has been 2 weeks since I got the Mirena and I am still getting cramps, have been bleeding for 2 weeks, get mild headaches, fatigue, lower back pain.  I have read good and bad reviews about Mirena. I just hope I start feeling better soon and that this works.
I was prescribed Tramadol by an emergency room doctor until I can get in to get my wisdom teeth removed. I 'm supposed to take one pill every six hours, but only take one pill whenever I have absolutely unbearable pain, that doesn 't go away within one hour. The pain relief is quick, within 20 minutes, takes from a 10 on the pain scale to about 5. Terrible nausea, shakes, lightheadedness, and sweats if I don 't eat plenty before or right after taking this medication. Constipation also caused, clears up two or three days after ceasing.
I am a week into this.  I shower in the morning and after completely drying, squirt half of the tube on each shoulder then rub in and around until it is spread with my first two fingers so not to waste it on my hands.  I then wait as long as I can prior to putting on a shirt so it can completely dry.  Just a little odor and not noticeably sticky. I feel less tired but it is still very early to say.
Have tonsillitus and mouth ulcers all over both sides inside my mouth. Previously this had turned into something worse so put straight on this antibiotic as I cant use penacillin. I 'm on day 3 of taking it. Hasn 't helped at all so far so wouldn 't say its fast acting in my case. Paracetamol works on the pain but thats the only relief I get. I have been getting night sweats but not sure if thats a side effect or just that I 'm fighting an infection. UK user prescribed on NHS.
This worked well as I did not get pregnant.  However,  I got my period every 2 to 3 weeks and it would last for about 2 weeks.  Also,  Pre-Implanon I was about 120, by the time I took it out (3years) I was up to 155.  I took it out and the weight just fell off.
I started blisovi because Junel Fe was recalled. I agree with the others about extreme breast soreness and nausea during the first few days. My first month was tolerable after I got beyond the first week. The second month got a little better and I never experienced weight gain, acne or mood swings ( I don 't think. Lol) the pharmacy then switched me to another generic of this form name Noreth/ethin bcz Blisovi was not available. I took that with the same side effects and now I 'm back on Blisovi. I 'm not happy with all the sudden changes. I wish Junel Fe would come back. These are all not the same even though they say they are. I get anxiety every time I go to the pharmacy now. I never know what I 'm going to get.
I have been taking this for a few months and I didn 't have any problems until I began to take hair skin and nail vitamins from over the counter. The reaction made my eczema smell and break out more.
My doctor prescribed me 25mg of sertraline after 2 years of trying to manage my depression and anxiety without medication. So far, it 's given me headaches, made me tired all the time, and I have found my sex drive to disappear. It 's been one week, and I 've had a few bad days and panic attacks, but I know from reading other 's experiences and from what my doctor said to give it at least 4 weeks to feel the effects. I am hopeful that this medication will help me despite the rocky start!
Well, the first time I had a major attack they put me on xanax but it messed with my head really badly and I had memory issues. My discharge papers noted that while medicated by it I had little to no acknowledgement of externally inflicted bodily harm/pain. What I do remember is waking up the next day with a swollen ankle and multiple bruises that hurry like hell from walking into things or just letting the car door close on me.Later, someone recommended me this treatment, and I%u2019m very grateful with it, i can go anywhere i want without problem, no anxiety, no panic attacks, I 'm a new person.
Macrobid (100 mg 1 capsule twice daily for 5 days). I have had a recurring bladder infection since June and it is now Aug 15. The doctor had told me that I having recurring bladder infections so I shouldn 't have sex during treatment, another reason because I have a new partner. And my urethra is getting all stressed out and all I need to do is give it a rest and let the antibiotics do its work, and later wait at least a week after the antibiotics to finish to have sex. This way I give it enough time for the urethra to strengthen.Anyhow, I am on my third day of this medication, I noticed it affects my nervous system, I get a lot of panic/anxiety attacks, fatigue and weakness. 
Great as a contraceptive. No weight gain. clear skin. Unfortunately constipated and major hair loss. 6 months after stopping the pill, constipation was much less, my hair started to grow back &amp; my skin was not as clear anymore.
I have taken Bontril on and off for 5 years now.  A year on, a year off.  I would actually get up to one 105 mg a day, plus 3-35mg tabs each day.  I am 49 years old.  I have always had very good blood pressure/even a little on the low side.  My last experience with Bontril has not been good.  My blood pressure has shot up to 152/104.....when I would have 110/70 readings.  I have tried to cut back on the dosage to no avail.  I will have to go off it completely.  I 'm disappointed, because I do think it is a great medicine to manage your weight.  I guess the moral to this story is you eventually will reach a point where your body can no longer tolerate it.  I Guess Weight Watchers is my next step.
I have been on this patch for almost 3 weeks.  I noticed stomach pain in the beginning and it 's been steadily getting worse. I went to the ER thinking it was gallstones.  Nope.   So I took the patch off and will be following up with my family doctor.  This patch took away 60%-85% of my pain but the stomach pains are so bad it 's just not worth it.
As a woman in my early 20s, I am too busy with school, work, travel and social life to begin worrying about having children of my own, thus why Mirena sounded so appealing; no daily pill, no irritating condoms, etc.  I am prone to UTIs, the ultimate reason I chose Mirena, which is the only pro to have come with this procedure.  Having had the Mirena inserted May 13, 2015 (the most painful procedure I have had yet), I have had MAYBE, and I mean MAYBE a total of 2 weeks where I did NOT bleed.  My doctor failed to mention this.  I have absolutely no desire to be intimate with anyone because I am so livid with the fact that the bleeding is so unpredictable. If I had not spent as much time/money as I had, I 'd have it removed immediately.
I developed a rash and after testing at the NY Medical College and Vanderbilt Center for Dysautonomias, we found my blood volume was not low (often the case with POTS patients) and the mechanism that florinef acts upon.
I took this medicine for OCD. It helped however I put on 30 pounds in 2 months and that 's with not changing my diet or exercise. I 've been off it for 3 months and the scale hasn 't moved at all. 
I 'm wondering if this birth control is only extremely effective because it makes completely undesirable to your partner. I had this implanted while still breastfeeding. My doctor was optimistic that I wouldn 't bleed because I wasn 't having any period at the time. 3 weeks later the spotting began and it hasn 't stopped. I should have been more questioning when the nurse asked me if I was comfortable carrying panty liners everywhere in case I start spotting randomly. Well, I 'm happy to say it 's not random but unhappy to say it 's constant. My partner and I have yet to have sex since I had the baby in April. Mostly because of the bleeding and my terrible anxiety for this implant.
I started nexplanon Feb 2nd 2016 the first 2 weeks were great but I got really depressed and had some horrible mood swings I gained 6 pounds but shed that off. I spotted for about a week and now I think I just got my period. My skin has always been very clear but now I have a couple bumps here and there. Hope it 's all worth it. I think this is the way to go especially if you can 't remember  to take the pill but I suggest you read reviews first everyone is different. Good luck to whoever tries it !!
I 've been taking spironolactone 50mg for 6 months, my skin cleared up dramatically almost perfectly.  It 's not greasy anymore.  My hair feels softer but is still coming out a little, although it does feel much healthier I don 't see any amazing regrowth.  I 've decided to up the dose to 100mg because it doesn 't hurt anymore.  It was a real curve coming from 25 to 50.  It hurt whenever I jumped right into 100mg when I first started.  I don 't pee that much either even now on 100mg, I think my body has a tolerance for it.  Nothing hurts really but my stomach (not belly, but stomach right below the heart) that went away in time, the pain was more of a depleted feeling than a painful feeling. I had a little brain fog in the beginning, not anymore.
This is the first pill I have tried (have been on it about 9 months), I was previously on Depo. I have had positive and negative experiences. My period only lasts about 3 days, which is wonderful and moderate cramping. I do have severe mood swings quite often and my whole family tells me about it. I feel hungry all the time and have gained about 10 pounds and get very fatigued. My breasts grew a full cup size, which I am indifferent about, but a plus for others. I do like the shorter periods, but not the crazy moodiness I have.
I only just started using minocycline about 3 weeks ago. My doctor said it would take about 3 months for my acne to go away while on it. I 've noticed since being on it that I 've been eating a lot more and going to the bathroom a lot too.I 've tried EVERYTHING for my acne so I hope this works, it 's not that severe, but it is a little annoying. So far, I 've had no bad side effects either.
This drug did its job. It stopped any mood swings for the most part, but the biggest downside was that I bloated up and slept heavily. I put on maybe, 10-20kgs whilst on this drug (I was on it for 2 years). Effective nontheless.
I was surprised when I read all the comments about the side effects, I should have read this site before I took Movantik. I also though I was going to die, I had all the side effects listed here. I 'm afraid to take it again. I 'll try cutting the pill to a quarter and see if it works without the side effects.. I will keep you posted.
Is there anyone out there that methadone has caused you to lose your teeth after taking it for a long time?
I just want to say that this pill works, but you need caution because the side effects occur at long term. Your eyes can get dry and very itchy, your mouth can get dry too. The best way to lose pounds is exercise. But if you want to try this pill I think it 's very good and you will lose pounds. Good luck.
I 've been taking Reclipsen for a year. I switched to Reclipsen because my other birth control was giving me spotting during the month. Reclipsen helped that but now I have no sex drive at all which is really annoying. I get at least one horrific migraine before I start my period and I 'm super emotional. I thought all these things were just me but after reading the other reviews I realize that it might be my BC. I never realized it could have these side effects. I 'm going to try to switch to another type at my next appt with my OBGYN.
I 'm on the last week of the 3rd pack of Loseasonique.  This is the first pack I 've taken.  Ever since starting the 3rd pack I have been experiencing breakthrough bleeding.  I 'm hoping that this is temporary and as I start taking the 2nd 90 day pack this will go away.
Loved Tegretol, kept my moods stable, worked well, felt calm and happy and in control for the first time in years,Until a Dr decided it was ok to mix this with antibiotics along with the pill, and sinus medication, I suffered from TENS, after being told 3 times it couldn 't be that I was so suck ended up in hospital for 2 months.Now I remain untreated due to fear, however, what works or some doesn 't work for others.This worked for me until my body decided I was allergic to it and everything else.Please be mindful of what you take any medication with!
I 've been on exemestane for 3 months now. After the first couple of weeks the joints in my feet hurt so much I couldn 't walk. I now take vitamins that help out immensely- fish oil, calcium, vitamin D and joint mix in the morning and mega red at night when the pain flares up again. I get hot flashes but my oncologist put me on a serotonin booster to help with them and it also helps with my mood. I wake up at night, throughout the night. Ibuprofen P.M. helps. Lately I 've been very fatigued through the day.  Other than coffee in the morning I don 't know how to fix that. So far it 's not too bad once I got my vitamin regimen figured out.
Overall I 've had very minimal side effects with this pill. I just finished my first pack and the only two side effects I experience were spotting (1 for about 4 days and was almost full on bleeding, and the 2nd was only about 2 days and was very light) and weight gain. I am 20, 5 '1 and normally weight around 107-109 but have been weighing around 111-112 ever since starting the pill. I 'm hoping the weight gain/ bloating and spotting subsides in the next 3 months of me trying this birth control but other than that it seems to be just at sufficient as any other birth control I have used.
I thought Zyrtec (cetirizine) was great at first because it worked so well on my allergies. I have gained 15 pounds over 1-1/2 years. I didn 't think it was related to Zyrtec, but recently figured out that it is. I am an extremely healthy eater (no processed foods or white flours/sugars), a runner and triathlete without weight issues before Zyrtec. I attributed the weight gain to age, hormones and finally my thyroid. Blood tests ruled out the hormone and thyroid issues. I only take HRT &amp; Zyrtec. I stopped Zyrtec 3 days ago and have lost 2 pounds without any changes in diet. I am willing to suffer with allergy symptoms if I can lose this weight.
I have only been on it for about 4 days. I noticed I have been feeling dizzy. Not sure whats causing it. I take Tradjenta with Metformin. I am hoping this medicine works but saw something if your planning on becoming pregnant not to take it. Some days I wonder if insulin would be better.
I 'm Classic IBS - C. Haven 't had a normal bowel movement in years. I have tried everything and have seen leading specialists in Los Angeles. I 've tried soluble fiber, gluten free, FODMAPS, stool softeners, drugs such as bentyl, desipramine...nothing works. A leading specialist at UCLA prescribed Linzess. I started with the 145mg dose - nada - then went to 290 and it was a storm!!! The first time I took it I thought I would have to go to the ER I was so sick. After a taking it for a few months the pain got less, but it still gives me explosive, violent diarrhea that can last up to 3 to 4 hours. I take it about twice a week, it 's the lesser of two evils theory. I take it at bed time and if I 'm lucky I wake around 4 am and go until about 7.
I had been taking brintellix for a few months. 20Mg and it was working great. I have pretty severe depression and everyone said they saw a positive change in me. But it started making my stomach hurt, I told the dr and we decided it was worth the stomach ache because it was really helping. When I started throwing up and feeling nauseous 24/7 I had to stop it. Been off for a couple weeks and still feel very sick.
I had the Kyleena inserted almost 2 months ago and I have spotted every single day since. Some days I may spot a few hrs and it 'll stop, some days it 's all day but very light. Right before my cycle came on, my spotting was red instead of pink and it became a little more than I had been having. My cycle wasn 't heavy, I felt great and it lasted 3 days vs 6 days before the IUD. I use to have body aches and cramping, almost like labor some days. It was awful. I just hope that the spotting will go away soon as it says. I watched a youtube video where a woman said that she spotted almost a year on and off and her periods didn 't change at all. I hope mine will stop but I 'll take 3 lights days as well. Good luck everyone!
I was diagnosed with simple partial epilepsy 14 months ago and I have been on lamictal ever since. It stopped my seizures. However, it is making my life a living hell. I go through these wierd deja vu episodes. I have headaches. I get dizzy. I forget things. Everyday things and very important things. I have trouble concentrating. It is a living hell. I would rather have seizures.
Omg!!! So I went and bought the 3 day and as soon as I inserted it started this intense itching and burning I can 't even describe the feeling I had. I have never felt this type of uncomfortableness in my life..I  didn 't even want to lay down, I honestly thought I was having a bad reaction to the cream. It was so awful.Thankfully an hour later it finally went away. I 'm only on my first night..
Summary: effective treatment of ADHD, awful if you have anxiety or BED/anorexiaThis was the first drug I took for ADHD. It was extremely effective. I was able to get all my work done in my classes with time management I had never had before. However, the side effects can be extreme. It made me extremely self conscious. I would apologize after virtually every sentence in a conversation because I was so scared something I did/said would be perceived as rude. I became obsessed with my skin and weight, developed severe dermatillomania and I lost about 35 poundsVyvanse crash is awful. In the middle of the day as it would wear off I would suddenly become extremely agitated, snapping at people over something as small as the sound of their voice
It did do okay for my seizures but I ended up with so many of the side effects it was unbelievable. They had to take me off I still have seizures to this day because they haven 't found the right medicines. I have had a VNS inplant though but still having seizures.
I have had severe menstrual pain since I was 13 yrs old.  Nothing has ever worked except when I was on the birth control pill.  Doctor put me on Ponstel and it only worked for the first day.  On day 2, 3 and 4 of my period it didn 't work at all.  Doctor is going to keep me on Ponstel and also added Vicodin for the couple of &quot;bad days&quot;.  We will see if it works.  It did work better then Celebrex (faster) that is.
I was on Vyvanse for ADD. I started off at 30mg and enjoyed the ability to better focus my attention on tasks and it worked as an appetite suppressant. I increased it to 50mg and that is when my eyes started to become blurry. I decreased it back down to 30mg and I still had blurry eyes at times so I discontinued using the medicine. While using the medicine, I took my Vyvanse in the morning early and then 50mg of Zoloft in the early afternoon. If I took both pills at the same time in the morning I become agitated and felt like EVERYTHING was important and found it hard to concentrate. It was a really weird rush of emotions. If it doesn&rsquo;t make your eyes blurry or make you agitated this is an awesome drug. It started working within a week.
I went on this for heavy bleeding and Pain from Fibroids.I had to get a blood transfusion. It helped the    severe pain in my lower back &amp; stomach.The heavy bleeding not so much! I 'm on my 3rd pack, and the first two months had heavy or just bleeding everyday of the month, and still some. Side effects I get are nauseousness a lot more depression, headaches ,upset stomach, gas more.  I think and I read others say they got that too. Idk if the bleeding is breakthru bleeding or my fibroids, but I certainly don 't need anymore bleeding. I have Anemia now from bleeding everyday.
I might have taken to much but  it gave me symptoms of a stroke after 7 hours  in the ER they said my levels of T4 were really high I think it was 7  as  I had been on the 90 mg day from 30mg so maybe I went up too fast
I am only on one week into the Lupron and my pain has begun to, not ease, but not be as sharp as it was at all times. I can finally breathe and think before the next stabbing pains begin. But about two days ago I got mood swings. I seem insane, I 'm fine then, I 'm screaming. I 'm only 17 and this is NOT what I need along with the disease. I hope it gets better for I wont have any friends at the end of the six months.
This medication works great. EXCEPT the fact that it gives you horrible scary brain zaps if you are even a few hours late on your usual dose!!
I tried the lower doses &amp; never worked. Finally I tried the 3 pill dose &amp; it worked. I took 3 pills a few different times thinking maybe it was worse because of something I had eaten before taking the laxative. Nope! They are just horrible. I only gave a 6 because yes, it does work. But the stomach pain is TOO MUCH. I 've taken the pills at 6:30am &amp; by 10am I 'm in serious pain &amp; running to the bathroom! I have to have a full 24hrs before I leave home because it literally cleans everything out all day. It makes me go 4-8 times in 24hrs. I 'm wondering if myself &amp; others may be severely allergic to an ingredient inside the pill? Ask your doctor before use, pls!!
I had the implant placed in my arm in June of 2015. In the beggining everything was great. My skin cleared up and I had no periods at all, which is great. After 3-4 months I began gaining weight. I started putting on 4 lbs here and there every month. I 've gained 20 lbs in a about a year and half. I also feel that I 'm always moody and anxious. I 've never suffered fromAnxiety until I got this implant. Could it be all the weight gain? Maybe but I 've finally decided to take the next step and have it removed. Besides the weight gain, anxiety, depression and moodiness this implant has prevented me from conceiving which is great! But the side effects are not worth it for me anymore. I will be getting it out December, 2 2016! And taking the pill!
I was given two choices for my insomnia; melatonin or ambien as a quick fix. Of course I picked the quick fix and went with ambien. I took the first night and for 20-30 minutes after taking read reviews online. While reading I noticed my phone screen seemed to move and I lost focus over and over again. I thought maybe because I had been up for over 24 hours from the insomnia prior to getting the prescription, but upon the second time taking it realized that if you fight the window of time to fall asleep, you do get quiet a high. Hallucinations do occur occasionally. However, i was given a two week trial of this drug to see how well it worked for me and as I continue to take it I notice that I fall asleep quickly, but wake up throughout nite
I came off this drug 6 days ago by forgetting to re-order over a public holiday. My general breathing actually improved (my wife would verify this). I will discuss with my doctor at our next meeting.
I was prescribed anti-depressants for menopausal symptoms, then came the anxiety.  My doctor prescribed Venlafaxine. At first it was great, but over the years I am have so many of the side effects of this drug. I didn 't realize until now that having difficulty swallowing was a side effect. I 've gained weight and can 't lose it. I 'm not at all the person I was before. Missing a dose required me to call in sick from work, not to mention how terrifying it was.  This drug is wrecking my body!! I 'm weaning off. Anyone that has done this, please help!  Seeing my Dr.Gotta get off!!!
Does a fine job lowering my blood pressure and I feel much better.  The cough is irksome. Having a cough drop in the far back of my mouth tends to relieve it, and thank goodness you can find sugar free ones now.  Still, considering bladder control problems and the way the cough disrupts my sleep, I 'll probably switch to another medicine.
I began using Celexa for social anxiety and mild depression. I have been using it for three years, and while it helped my symptoms, it lowered my libido drastically.
The pill was great until I started having side effects. I 'm 32 years old &amp; took the pill for about two years, It regulated my periods like clock work to the point I could plan vacations around it, no nausea &amp; skin was clear. If u skip the placebo pills you won 't get a period at all. However the weight gain, constant yeast infections every couple months, &amp; cravings like a crazy pregnant woman was insane. So I stopped skipping the placebo pills &amp; talking the pack strickly as directed purposely watching was I was eating, &amp; stepping my time up in the gym &amp; was still seeing the weight gain &amp; cravings. Eating healthy only made me feel as if wasn 't eating enough, not to mention the gas &amp; bloating was ridiculous. My sex drive was incredible!!
Very convenient for a forgetful person like me but I do not think it is worth the side effects. I had it in for a week and then every now and then would feel slightly nauseous. Also was dry during sex but the part I really couldn 't stand was I could always feel it. It moved around and caused uncomfortable pressure and my pelvis began to actually hurt. Took it out that day.
tried 30 - 5mg with no signifigant results on the Cialis promise program. Filled out &quot;promise&quot; form requesting a trial of another medication unspecified. Denied because form filled out wrong. Resubmitted corrected form which was denied because it was a resubmission.
I would say sprintec has pros and cons similar to what I have read in other reviews. My periods are much lighter, typically on time and I 'm not pregnant 
My experience has been better than my preexisting condition.  I was prescribed a 25 day dose of Dexilant in order to treat some possible ulcers and gastritis in my intestines.  I was having severe abdominal pain.  A week in, the medicine had treated the pain quite effectively.  I only get mild cramping now and then.  I have experienced some side effects, including diarrhea, back pain, and a slight irregular heartbeat.  However, it has mitigated the stomach pain quite well, and my symptoms seem to be slowly improving.  Good for short term treatment, but I wouldn 't recommend long term treatment (at least for ulcers or gastritis) due to side effects.
I have had Implanon since June of 09. When I first got it I had a month long period and then I stopped having them almost completely. I have no sex drive and I am always moody. I also have gained weight, but not a lot.
I 've only had it for 4 months now. It 's been stressful not knowing what to expect because no one 's experience is the same.I 'm not sure if my mood swings are from it or not.Spotting is really frustrating and right now I 'm having extreme mass bleeding after a month and a half of nothing.I can 't afford to see my GP every time I get anxious and nothing online helps.
I was prescribed this more than 20 years ago, but other issues caused them to switch to HCTZ, medrol, lisinopril (coughed and they took me off), and eventually back to Cozaar.  I didn 't realize it at the time, but looking back over the data, I see that whenever my dose was above 50mg (it 's been 75 and 100 at times), my weight shot up a good bit.  Couple that with an SSRI (sometimes taken in concert with &gt;50mg Cozaar, sometimes not taken at all) and you get dramatic ballooning.  I 'm now trying to get weight down and that 's lowering BP so when I get down to 25mg, we 'll see if weight comes off faster.
For mood stabilization, depakote worked out well for me, but it also helped me gain about 50 lbs! Once I started slowly switching off it, the pounds started coming off.
First month of taking 75 mg twice a day, didn 't like the anxiety effect in the beginning but that has become more tolerable. Gotta say it has eased some of the pain for the majority of my work day except for Sundays and Wednesdays, due to the fact that I am a waitress, and those are my long days.  But have had difficulty resting, and it hasn 't helped with the fatigue at all. See dr. tomorrow
I started my treatment back in October stopped my treatment because I didn 't see a change I did see a little change but became very impatient because my skin became very dry especially around the eye area. It became so dry every time I raised my eyes it was painful the skin irritation is bearable but painful. I am currently back on, when I stopped my acne issue came back and was getting worse. I have an issue with picking my pimples until they become black scaring my face. And yes my skin around my eyes are very dry and painful but no new pimples and I have stop picking so we shall see I 'm also taking 2 other types of medication I am suppose to apply two times a day but my doctor told me to apply once a day if I ran into this problem
So I was tested positive for chlamydia they gave me two pills for 500mg so that 's a thousand I had to take them both together how long dose it take for the chlamydia to clear out of your system with the meds doesn 't feel like it 's working but I must need to wait more also since I took it my stomach been hurting a lot dizzy lil bit too
I do like Lamictal as it kind of kept my seizures under control but the side effects on my body and the fact that I still had grand mal seizures more frequently than never I decided to try medical marijuana. I am very pleased to say the the high strains have kept my seizures away entirely.
I 've never been on birth control, but have always had brutally painful irregular periods. I actually had no spotting which seems to be rare and I liked it at first. My first period after the insertion though the cramps were more severe than anything I 've ever experienced. I started getting my period every 2 weeks with unbearable cramping,very painful bowel movements during them for the first 3 months of having the Kyleena in. Since then my periods have regulated, but from time to time I still experience horrible cramps &amp; my face acne has been AWFUL the whole time. I 'm in my 20 's (never had acne) I 've tried two highly recommended skin care lines and they haven 't helped. Kyleena is not for me and I can 't wait to get it out!
I felt better on a lower dose of this drug. Once the &quot;minimum effective dose&quot; was reached, I felt really jittery and panicky. Once I did my gene testing, I saw that for Wellbutrin, if I take it at all, a lower dose is required.
I took valtrex for about 3 years. I was having terrible side effects after about a year 1/2.. but I did not want an outbreak so I kept taking them. I felt like total crap almost everyday for months.  one day and realized I was out of my script and had to call doc for my yearly refill. I stopped taking them! I am a completely different person off of the pills. I no longer feel depressed. I was having all  the side effects. I had a dull ache in the right side of my body that radiated form my hip to my breast. A week after stopping the pills all my symptoms were  gone and pain in my side gone.  I think back to a few weeks ago and never want to wake up eveyday feeling the way I did.i will deal with outbreaks. No more valtrex.
I have been on lipo-flavonoid for over 2 months, 2 tablets 3 times a day after meals. Lately I find I am getting tingling in my fingers and feet which does not seem to go away. I still have the ringing in the ears, about the same as before. I am discontinuing lipo-flavonoid and will see if the tingling goes away.
I started taking Femcon Fe when I was 18 and took it for 4 years. Within the first year, I gained 20 lbs that I could never lose. My weight would fluctuate by 10 pounds every month and around the time of my period I would have horrible bloating. It did make my periods very regular, short, and light and lessened the severity of my cramps. It also cleared up my skin. My doctor has just switched me to a birth control pill with a lower dose of estrogen after having a baby, to see if the weight gain issues go away.
Very effective, improved breathing in first two doses. On the 3 and 4th day too strong, making me feel sick again and causing diarrhea.
I was taking 3 pills a day, and it was ok for the first few weeks.  Then I started with leg and hand cramps, where I couldn 't lay down at night.  I am now on 3 - 1/2 tablets a day, and the cramping has decreased, but the neurologist is concerned that the ocular symptoms will come back.  
Pros: You can forget about it for 3 years. It works. Even though it made me hungry I didn 't put on weight. It didn 't make my skin break out. Cons:Irregular periods, periods sometimes lasted for 2-3 weeks (spotting in the last one), headaches, mood swings.
I got the Monistat 7 day complete kit and it burns like hell for the first hour or so of use .  It makes my vagina really itchy on the outside and burns on the inside. I did tolerate on the first night and it made me feel completely normal all day the next time. I am on the second day and I put in the cream 20 minutes ago and it 's still burning. I know I can tolerate this but I just hope it does its job because this is better than what I was feeling with my infection
I have mild asthma that occasionally worsens to be more moderate.  I 'm another person who has mood effects from taking Singular, and in addition, it 's affecting my ability to enjoy certain flavors.  It feels like an antihistamine, sort of, causing my mouth to feel dry, and I feel thirsty a lot.  I 'd live with that, but I am experiencing this weird agitation that 's quite uncomfortable.  I 'm very aware of it, and I 'm an adult, not a kid, so I probably won 't bite anybody 's head off.  However, I think it might not be worth it to me and I think I 'll stop it for a few days to compare how I feel then with what I 'm feeling now.
I have Medullary Sponge Kidney Disease and pass around 100 stones each year. I recently used Flomax to help me pass 4 &amp; 5 mm stones that were in my bladder for 2-1/2 weeks and causing horrific bladder spasms. There were many times that I screamed and cried as I urinated. I was on strong pain medicine, but it didn 't touch the bladder pain at all. I began taking Flomax and while the spasms didn 't stop, the pain was more tolerable, and I passed my stones, 3 stones at once (2, 5, &amp; 6 mm). I have trouble swallowing pills and capsules, and I wish Flomax came in a chewable or liquid. Otherwise, it works well with few side effects--only some mild dizziness. I take it as needed. My insurance refuses to cover it because I 'm a woman.
I have been using this for about 2 weeks now and so far I like it. I used to be on Loestrin 24 and it made me go INSANE. My poor husband hated being around me for the 2 months I took it. I stopped taking birth control pills after that.  Now I am on Yaz and have actually felt good and full of energy but my acne has gotten about 10 times worse than it was starting out.  Many have said it gets worse before it gets better so I am sticking with it!  Oh and my breasts have already gotten larger.  They were large to begin with DD and I am now at DDD. I hope that stops!  I honestly do look just like Dolly all boobs.
I was previously on Ortho Tri Cyclen Lo but had constant breakthrough bleeding so I decided to give a Monophasic pill a try.  Turns out the estrogen dosage was too low for me.   I experienced small breakthrough bleeding on the first month, but then terrible break through bleeding on my third month.   I had cramps and a full blown period for 2.5 weeks.  When I didn 't have break through bleeding this did shorten my period to about 4.5 to 5 days, and it was lighter.   This was great, because off the pill I had heavy periods that lasted 7 days.  Sex drive remained the same.  I gained about 5 lbs, but I 'm not sure that was the pill because I started it on my honeymoon and was eating a ton.  Acne was bad, and I have good skin. Trying 1.5/30 now
Allergies cleared when the spring came
Tinnitus that is constant. Loud all the time and gets louder occasionally. It drives me crazy to the point of wanting to get off zoloft. I ask every Dr I see if anything can be done for tinnitus. Answer is always no. Is it this medication? Anyone with tinnitus will understand.I also have various problems urinating and sexual stuff.Thank you for giving me this forum.
This medication has made me extremely tired.  I also have forgotten to do simple daily routine tasks such as setting up the coffee pot at night.  One short store trip, and I am exhausted!  I will try something else.
I 've been taking Gabapentin 100MG twice daily for 3 weeks now for generalized anxiety and don 't feel much of an improvement. Next time I see my psychiatrist I will ask for an increase in my dosage and maybe that will help.
I 've had this birth control for almost two years now and in the beginning I had horrible mood swings, granted I was already diagnosed with depression prior to getting this birth control. On top of the mood swings I gained 20 pounds despite going to the gym religiously and creating meal plans. What really is driving me to get this removed are the headaches that it causes as well as feeling light headed, nauseous, tender breasts, and tired all the time. I was really worried for a while thinking I had a serious condition and after a couple tests my doctor realized it was the implants side effects. The reason I 'm giving it 5 and not something lower is because it is amazing at preventing pregnancy I just wish I would of reacted better to it.
I have knee osteoarthritis. Medium to severe, with severe meaning I need to go down stairs one at a time.I am an active tennis player and have been for over 40 years. I am almost bone on bone. I did not feel the discomfort of the shots were any big deal. A little pinch or pressure, but nothing really.I made a concerted effort not to play tennis during the four week period of the injections. After the fourth week, my knee pain went from a 7 to a 2. I was amazed and could walk down stairs with NO pain.A week later, buoyed by how great my knees felt, went out and played three hard sets of doubles. Some discomfort after playing. Maybe up to a 4 in pain.Played a couple more time and now I feel like I am right back where I started.
If you 'd rather have diarrhea than a dry cough, this is your medicine!
It did not taste good but I managed to drink the first dose. I threw up about 1/2 hour later. Bowel movements started a few hours after that and continued through the night although it slowed down after a bit and I got about 2 hours sleep. The second dose I started an hour early to prevent throwing up again and to finish bowel movements before I had to go to the hospital since it was over an hour drive.      The doctor 's notes said I did a good prep. I was worried since I had thrown up some of the first dose. Also if you have constipation you can start a little early as it may take more time to work. Also the taste is gross so giving yourself time to drink it with water in between helps to prevent gagging and vomiting.
Omg never taken this again gi  doctor told me take along with Merlex and so took 2 tabs with Merlex two days in row today had worst burning in  my stomach hurt burn and feeling nauseated omg am like am work ugh.. then  had bad bm at work the 2 more bm 's at home never again.
The first 6 months were good. Now it 's starting to get annoying because I keep spotting for a long time this month and my cramps really do take a lot out me. 
I 'm on week five with paragard and I understand that it does not contain hormones however I have been gaining weight every week since I 've been on it avg one lb week... I have put my self on a all protein diet and work out but the results still remain the same. I read in other threads that some People have also gained weight and feel bloated in the mid section ... And some have expressed that some women might be allergic to copper ... I will have to contact my Doc ... Otherwise the insertion was not too bad the cramping isn 't too bad either and having a peace of mind for ten years is a plus!
This is my 6th month on Gildess (my first form of birth control taken). I 'm really confused with how my body is reacting to it. It made my vagina weirdly dry, mood swings were present before but were somehow amplified, and I bleed even when I 'm not on my period (not just spotting, like a solid week before my period week). I 'm trying out Gildess Fe 1.5/30 to see if it was a dosage problem, but it might be the brand itself. Wish me luck and good luck to all who try it!
I got on it for my cysts which cause horrible pain and heavy periods. Since taking it the pain hasn 't been too bad, and the periods shorter and lighter. My only problem with it is that it made me gain weight to which I have tried everything to lose, but am unsuccessful.
I have about 3months with the &quot;device&quot; and I have noticed anxiety, weight gain, lack of energy all I want to do is sleep and well bleeding/spotting every day. I didn 't want an IUD bc I had a friend who got pregnant and I did not want to risk it. I didn 't want to take the pill either bc I am really bad at keeping track. I like the fact that I can have intercourse with my husband and I do not have to worry about if I get pregnant but that 's about it. I am still sexually active, no depression, no acne, just what I mentioned above tired 90% of the time, sleepy 80%, spotting every day95%, weight gain &gt;_&lt; sucks. But I think it all depends on the person 's metabolism and their daily activity
Started it yesterday. I think it helps but I just realized it is the reason I 'm warm.  Feels just like a low-grade fever.  I also take something for ADD, which is a stimulant.  I think the combination of the two is what is causing the rise in body temp.
I got the Nexplanon put in my arm last month. I previously had the Mirena, LOVED IT, but it started poking my boyfriend while doing the hibbity-dibbity and after 3 years I developed debilitating headaches. On the flip side, I had no period for almost 3 years... it was the most magical thing ever. I decided I wanted to try something that wasn 't so invasive down there, so i went with the Nexplanon. I heard many good things from other friends, I got all excited, ready to have my sex-life back. After getting the Nexplanon put in, I continued to bleed because I had to be on my period when you first get it put in. It stopped for a little bit, still some light spotting. Now, BLOOD, everything and everywhere... blood. Like dripping status. Not happy
I had implant from April 2011 to June 2013.  The first year could not have been better, no weight gain, no period whatsoever, no spotting, no moodiness, nothing! It was just so perfect! March 2012 I instantly gained 15 pounds and had a period that lasted almost 2 weeks.  I thought it was water weight and a long period because I hadn 't had one in almost a year. My horrible periods became unbearable in May 2013.  I would soak through super plus tampons in 2 hours, and this lasted 2 weeks. If it had stayed like it was the first year I 'd still be on it, but everything changed after about a year. So that 's why I give this a 5.
Have always had severe allergies since a child, I first used Zyrtec about 14 years ago, worked great but I could barely stay awake at work, it was bad, I 'm a dental assistant and I actually fell asleep while assisting(sitting on the assistant chair!) I could barely drive, I confided in a co-worker and she asked me if I was taking anything, I told her just allergy pills, she asked which ones and she said her daughter takes them but she has to take them a couple of hours before bed. I could have easily had a car accident. Anyhow now i 'm researching what to take for mango skin allergy, I have Allegra which isn 't as good and since I don 't work now I 'm going to take Zyrtec for it after reading the reviews on it.
ROPRINOLE Did stop the nighttime leg cramps, but after 3 or so years I began having sudden periods of sleep during the day including while driving, so, per Doctor 's instructions, I am reducing the amount of Roprinole I Take at bedtime.  So far so good.
I will have been on Aviane for two years as of next month. Once my prescription ends next month, I find it is time to get off of it. Its done its job preventing pregnancy and I do have shorter periods. However, I have gained 20 pounds in the past two years, went from a 34 C to a 38 D (on the brink of DD), acne has stayed the same and I have experienced mood swings, anger, and depression. 
I was prescribed these pills as add back therapy while taking the lupron depot shot for my hot flashes. At first I had headaches and nausea. But after talking it for 31 days it has taken away the hot flashes. But now I 'm bleeding and cramping which is one of the side effects of the pills. Hoping that it stops. Haven 't had a period in over a year with the Lupron Depot shot. Was bleeding for 2 months before the shot due to fibroids. Just wish that it stops and the cramping. Seems like it is taking away the effects of the Lupron Depot shot.
I got the Liletta in 08/2016 after experiencing a miscarriage.  I 've had cramping the first week which went away but now I have a low sex drive, acne and weight gain.  I went a dermatologist, she prescribed facial wash, antibiotics and suggest I remove the IUD.  She also said progestin based birth control can make acne worse.  I will remove next week.  Don 't use if you don 't have to.
Ok so I 've been on it for 6 months two years ago and I felt really confused, disoriented and fuzzy... So now I went on this birth control again and the SAME THING. Now I know what its from - its this birth control. I feel really weird at work I would get in this state where I 'm just confused and I 'm always sooo tired on it. Other than that it would have been a great pill to stay on because it didn 't make me gain or lose weight and my periods were much lighter. Anyone else feel like this though? I 'm going to stop taking it today
Several days after starting cymbalta I started having energy and no pain.  I was so elated. Who cares if you sweat a river?  Who cares if you can 't go outside from May through sept?  After taking it for several years I began to slowly turn from my dream to a night mare.  I sweated all year and was hot in the winter as well.  Everyone was freezing and I was hot and didn 't want the heat running.  I gained 40 pounds but all the symptoms returned.  I finally weaned down to 30 mg then cold turkey. I have now been totally off cymbalta for 25 days and have gained 10 more lbs.  I can 't even buy clothes big enough because my stomach looks 9 months pregnant. My thighs are as big as a professional football player.
I have been on Sronyx for 5 months now. I had Mirena previously which was a nightmare but that 's another story. Since I started this pill I 've had no problems or side-effects until recently. I am now constantly bloated, abdominal pain which varies, upset stomach and white vaginal discharge. I have no idea what has brought upon these symptoms but it is quite annoying. I have taken a pregnancy test just to rule out causes and test was negative. Overall this medication does serve its purpose and if no further problems I will continue to use it.
This drug works for psychotic symptoms but its terrible in many ways! For example sexual dysfunction... I 'm switching to abilify in a few months and hoping for the best.
I have been taking Flomax for a month for Benign Prostatic Hyperplasia. I had been getting up to urinate 2 or 3 times a night, suffering from severe pain during urination. Since starting Flomax I have found  myself dizzy if getting up quickly, blurred vision, decreased sex drive with abnormal ejaculate. I have lower back pain. I feel weaker and tired all the time. On the up side I can go all night with no need to get up to urinate and the pain while urinating is 50 percent less.
I 'm a 43 yr female and have had Ankylosing Spondylitis since 15 yrs old. Started Humira a year ago and only lasted 6 months taking it as it made me sick, feverish, weak, sweating and confusion and generally feeling unwell but my pain was significantly reduced and had fatigue. Had to stop taking it, couldn 't stand feeling sick.
I 've been on the nexplanon for a Year and a half. For the first 6 months I bled very lightly I needed to use a panty liner it was very annoying so it frustrated me a lot and I had bad mood swings because of this frustration, after taking birth control that my OBGYN prescribed to me while on the nexplanon somehow it stopped the bleeding and my periods went back to normal I didn 't have them consistently I probably had 3 periods a year but what I have noticed I 've been having very bad facial hair upper lip and Chin I get a wax at least once a week all in all I like the fact that I can 't get pregnant but not really liking the side effects it 's also very hard to lose weight
I 'm only taking 50 mg at night for my leg sciatica pain and I feel dizzy at times. I 'm also using Dr. Ho TENS machine on my lower back for 40 minutes to scramble the signal pain. I think both are helping right now.I was on a higher dose over 300mg a few years ago and my hands and feet swelled up and I gained 30 pounds I can 't get rid of now even with water pills, so I had to stop med.I 've had shingles right when I turned 50 before I could get the Shingles vaccine which I recommend to everyone as shingles is painful! I took only Lyrica 25mg two or three times a day to stop the shingles pain, A low dose due to side effects from a larger dose.
Was on Enbrel a few years back, then the plaque came back, my dr put me on humira, it cleared 20% so far.  two months plus, will give it more time :-(
I 'm on low dose of valium. I 'm not complaining as it 's helping to stay off booze. I just try as well not to drink cause I don 't want to take more valium than what is recommended for me and its really great. It 's also helping drug cravings. Started exercising as well so I 'm hoping to get off valium soon replace it with gym but meanwhile its really helping.
I recently got put on Metformin the 31st of August so it has been about 7 days. I have horrible diarrhea, upset stomach, loss of appetite and fatigue. I gained almost 70 pounds in 2015 due to PCOS. I am hoping this medicine will help with weight loss &amp; getting things back into control.
I started Concerta when I was in 7th grade. I am now 14 and I started off with 36mg now I am 54mg at first I had a big boost in my grades! I started getting A 's! This year I have been noticing in school that I have been more anxious, depressed, not hungry during the day, and a little bit socially awkward. I am trying to deal with my side effects. I am going to doctor soon about Concerta. You are not alone
I am on day two of 30mg phentermine. I can already tell it 's working, I 'm less bloated, my sweets craving is gone and I 'm rarely hungry. I tend to have to make myself eat not because I 'm hungry but because my body tells me it 's time. I was on this medication years ago and lost 30lbs in 3 months. The doctor I am seeing now has no limit as to how long I can or can 't be on this medication. The first month is to be focusing on eating habits. I love it so far! can 't wait to weigh in and see what it 's doing.
I was prescribed Bactrim for a UTI. Everything was going well on day 1-2, on day 3, mid day, I began with chest tightness, noticed difference in my breathing. Felt as though the end of my lungs/rib area was extremely sore. It sent me to the ER as I was uncertain what could be causing it. CT scans, tests, and 3,000 out of pocket later, no results showed. Which I 'm thankful! they eventually chalked it up to the medication. I immediately stopped it and went back to normal after a few days. Weird stuff! I gave it 5 out of 10 because although it was only three days, the bactrim cleared up whatever it was! Potent stuff
I am 31 and got my second IUD after having the first for 5 years and using the ring for the 2 years after removal. I praised the IUD to anyone who would listen and recommended it without hesitation. That is until I got the second one. I have had it for just over two weeks and discussed having it removed with my husband today. I don 't have mood swings, my mood is stuck on grumpy. My feet and hands are swollen with achy joints, tender breasts and lower back pain. The only pro at this point to keep it is the cost efficiency and the zero maintenance for 5 years. However if something doesn 't change quick there is no possible way my marriage could handle 5 years of my mood.
I have severe migraines and sometimes can 't afford Imitrex which is the only medication that helps me. I was given this medication as a sample. It seemed to help some but not enough. I am taking the second after waiting 3 hours. I hope it helps this time.
I 'm only giving this medication a 6 because it worked.When I drank the 2 pm drink, it took me 20 minutes because of the taste and I kept gagging. When I was finished, I drank the 32 oz of water with difficulty because I was so bloated and I felt like I was going to throw up. The Suprep started working in about an hour.Second dose at 7 pm comes around, and after the first sip I had to sprint to the bathroom and vomited everywhere because I couldn 't make it. It was horrible. After that, I got 1/3 of the liquid down and started vomiting again. After that I put it over ice and was finally able to get the rest of it down (took me a while). I never want to use this prep ever again.
I have been taking it for many years now for tonic clonic epilepsy and had been well for 3yrs. However out of nowhere last week I had 4 seizures had did some major damage. Has anyone else had this I also take Epilim .
I started Beyaz about 6 months ago. The first 3 months were great..no acne..no crying...no anger or crazy mood swings. The last 2 or 3 months have been bad though. My face started breaking out, I am very emotional and angry. I don 't know if it 's because my pharmacy started giving me the generic version or it 's the hormones, but everything was great until recently.
I had a psychotic episode last year. Its gone now, but I was given this medication to help ease the symptoms. It would say it 's good for calming you down and I slept well on it. It did help up until a point, then the voices and hallucinations came back. Got switched to Sulpiride and that seemed to be more helpful. On a high dose it dose make you twitch a lot and I struggled to pass urine (a listed side effect). Good for sleep and relaxation, but over all wasn 't very effective.
I have absolutely loved the Mirena the last 4 years. I did not realize that the other issues I had could be contributed by the Mirena.  My scalp, my face, and my neck has broke out very badly.  The acne is like cysts in some areas.  They last for 6 months   and are very hard.  I have gained 65 lbs while working out 1 1/2 hrs a day by running 10 miles, gym time, or swimming laps. I eat healthy and stay away from junk food.  I recently started experiencing excessive  sweating.  Started with breasts sweating, then feet even wearing flip-flops, and now pouring from my forehead.  I love not having periods and am terrified of going back to bad cramps, but I believe that switching my method of birth control is the best thing I can do.
Been on Buspar 6 weeks &amp; 1 day today. Trying to stay the course &amp; not give up till 8 weeks.On 15mg (3x /day) &amp; titrated my way up over the last 6 wks. Tried 20mg but felt like I took speed &amp; my extremities had very uncomfortable tingling. Even at 6 wks when I take my 5mg dose my heart still races &amp; I get dizzy &amp; feel some heightened anxiety about an hour after taking it. Lasts about an hour. I also have some left leg thigh pain now.I&rsquo;ve read so much on this drug &amp; it&rsquo;s hard to know if you should go up or down in dose to get the right level for your body. My pDoc doesn&rsquo;t seem to know much more than I do. In those 6 wks I&rsquo;ve only had a few hours out of 2 non-consecutive days of anxiety/fear relief. I&rsquo;ll write another review at 8 wks
Have taken it 3 times and ended up in the hospital with severe electrolyte deficiencies.  Works well and fast - lost 20 lbs in 3 days. However, for me requires monitoring of electrolytes which doctors will not do regularly.
I started taking Lutera about 4 months ago.  I haven 't had too many side effects, but the ones that I have had affect sex which is the reason for taking the pill.  I think my acne has cleared up, no real weight gain, some mood swings, but not very many or severe.  The biggest issue has been my period not being regular.  I 've started it over two weeks early and it has lasted the enitre time.  Lately I 've been having more brown spotting about a week before my period, it 's lasted the entire week, and then my regular period starts.  Other then issues with spotting and my period starting early each month, the pill has been fine.  Hopefully the spotting will stop soon or I 'll need to switch to an entire new pill.
I was put onto Apri because I had horrible cramps and long heavy periods. I took it for about six months, and around the 5 month mark, my longtime boyfriend and I broke up. He told me it was because I was &quot;too emotional&quot; and stressed him out. He was right, before Apri I was always happy and relaxed, but on it. I would lie in bed at night and cry sometimes for no reason at all. I had constant fatigue, frequent headaches, mood-swings, moodiness, and felt depressed a lot of the time. After a conversation with my boyfriend, I realized that we began to argue about the time I got onto Apri. I went to my doctor and told her this and she told me that this was because its high levels of progesterone. I switched and am much better now without Apri.
I have been on Seasonique for almost a year now and have had no problems until just recently. The past couple of months I have been extremely bloated (to the point where I thought I was pregnant and took a pregnancy test) and have been very exhausted. I stay tired all day and no matter how much sleep I get I just want to lay in bed. I have also been bleeding very heavily for over 5 weeks now, and I am no where close to the time I 'm supposed to bleed. The cramps and bleeding have been heavier/worse than I 've ever had. 
Intense abdominal pain. Bloody diarrhea.Loss of blood from diarrhea causing excessive weakness. Resulting in 6 day intensive care in hospital.
My experience with Depo-Provera was horrible. I had horrible mood swings and I spotted the entire 3 months until the shot left my system. Then my period didn 't show up for 5 months. My face started breaking out, not badly, but enough for people to notice. I also developed cysts on my ovaries that began rupturing and was put in the hospital for them. It has been almost a year and my face is finally starting to clear up. But I didn 't get pregnant...so I guess that is one advantage.
I hadn 't had a proper BM for about 2 weeks. I Picked up Dulcolax sensitive and took 2 pills at 10pm, at 2.38am the cramps started. It started with the worst cramps I 've ever experienced together with intense nausea and vomiting, cold sweats (to the point my fingers and lips were blue) and terrible shakes. By around 4am I had my first BM which was significant and I then spent until 1.30pm continuously on the toilet simultaneously vomiting and having diarrhoea. It 's now 4.30pm I can 't even take a sip of water without vomiting, I 'm still having painful cramps and I feel extremely weak. I would never recommend this medication to anyone, no matter how  'effective ' it is.
I take this medication for diabetic nerve damage. Today my son just had it prescribed for severe anxiety. His social anxiety is so severe he doesn 't leave the house unless he had a dose of Klonopin or two. He is not able to work because of his intense panic and he vomits from intense nausea. When he told me the doctor prescribed him this medicine I started researching. I 'm glad to hear good things and am hoping this will truly help him.
I had bad cases of blackheads and I wanted to be acne free for my Graduation. I started taking this in December of 2012. My skin was clear, I was happy, until February of 2013. My vision started a black veil curtain effect, I would get severe dizziness. Went to the eye doctor, got sent to a hospital, they didn 't know what was wrong with me, all of a sudden I got something wrong in my spine  andnstarted crushing my brain and eye nerves. I got 3 lumbar punctures and a medicine called Diamox. I got worse and worse and one day I said screw it, and I stopped taking everything. It all cleared up and went away, however, I now have nerve damage in my back and the vision and dizziness will never truly disappear. Effective meds, but at what cost you should ask...
Did not work for me - no sedation or drowsiness. No side effects experienced.  Dosage 1000mg, Male, Weight 190 lbs (86 kg).
Have taken Ultram for 9 years for fibromyalgia.  The ONLY thing that helped and it helped very well.  No high, buzz, euphoria, etc., just sweet pain relief.  
I&rsquo;m on the fourth week of Vienva and have experienced nausea, headaches, mood swings, spotting and bloating! Hopefully these symptoms pass after three months like they say! I hate birth control to begin with because of all the symptoms and I always experience all of them but what are we supposed to do? 
I 've only been on for a month and a half, but my body has DRASTICALLY changed. The abdominal pain is unbearable, I 've missed work multiple times because I 'm unable to leave the bathroom. The bloating has been out of control, and besides my normal acid reflux disease, the extra heartburn has me constantly sick - no matter what I eat. The first 1.5 weeks of the pill pack are the worst, I cant eat or sleep, and the migraines are awful. Moody, lack of desire to do anything, which is NOT like me. The only benefit is a bit of a weaker period, but the side-effects are unbearable.
I was prescribed 500 mg twice a day Augmentin for a sinus infection. After the second dose I developed BAD stomach cramps, nausea and loose stools.  I continued the Augmentin for three more days but finally had to stop taking it due to the fact that it was completely destroying my stomach. It was working wonders on my sinus infection but the side effects were too much to bear. Worst of all, I 'm still having cramps and loose stools even though I stopped taking the Augmentin two days ago. I hope the issues resolve themselves soon and won 't require a trip to my gastroenerologist.  Augmentin may be fine for some people but it 's definitely NOT for me!
I have finished a 3- month pack for the purpose of reducing heavy bleeding probably caused by fibroids. The breakthrough bleeding never stopped. The package insert says this symptom occurs in 10% of the patients. Pros: more energy because I have fewer heavy periods. Cons: Still have abdominal pain once in 3 months during period, and have small amount of bleeding every day. I haven 't decided whether to continue for another 3 months or seek a different treatment.
I have taken a low dose of Seroquel (100mg) for 9 months. Over this time the full on cravings and my weight have slowly crept up on me. I worry if they keep going like this that I may endup with diabetes. I have put on 12kgs extra since I started on March 5th 2015. I also have no feeling down there during sex- just feels like pressure or a massage- I have no enjoyment. I am also on Lithium and Lovan. Neither of these medications have caused these problems in the past. My boyfriend says I have improved since being on this drug. I think I will with the help of my doctor take myself off this drug.
**This is a missing side effect that should 've been noted in the prescription information! *** For the first two years this medication came out I continue to use it along with my disease management drug. I was taking tecfidera.  These two medications combined  drastically slow down your lower intestinal.  Ampyra lists constipation as a minor, less common  side effect. After some research with my doctor he researched the medications in medical journals and the chemical compounds and he thought two should not be taken together for this particular reason.
Pain reduction with memory loss. I 've been on Lyrica 4 yrs and take 450 mg a day for fibromyalgia, migraines, and nerve damage. Also on Fentanyl pain patch, Norco, and Flexeril daily for herniated discs C3-C7, T3, L1.  Lyrica significantly improves my pain and migraine recurrance; however, it is likely the cause of memory loss and slower thought process. I teach high school and college courses, am the parent of five young adults, and am sole breadwinner and insurance provider. I intend to reduce my Lyrica and pray I can manage increased pain better than memory loss or dementia, two common side effects of Lryica. Female, 53 yrs. Check Pfizer patient assistance programs on web to defray costs. I got free Lyrica when needed. No weight gain.
has given me diarrhea  for the last 5 days but I 've been taken it longer. The doctor has given a 6 month prescription I am having to take 4 a day and am feeling sick.
Ok so I have  Fibromyalgia, DJD, Reynauds Syndrome, bulging and herniated disks, possible Lupus(awaiting further testing).  This treats mild muscle spasms and muscle pain without making you sleepy or groggy. When in severe muscular pain I have to use Soma 350 mg instead.
Took this medicine for a horrible horrible HORRIBLE kidney infection. Worked within 2 days and cleared up all of my symptoms, which was such a relief. I was told to finish off the bottle by my doctor, and the next day I developed a horrible case if the hives. I stopped taking the medicine immediately, but the hives stuck around for another 3 days. What a miserable week! So, Bactrim worked wonders for my kidney infection, but little did I know I was severely allergic to it. Take with caution.
Started taking this about 8 years ago after developing an ulcer from taking Aleve.Was fine for a few years, with only flatulance and loose bowel movements.  For the last 3 years, I started developing asthma symptoms (phlegm in throat and lungs, coughing).  Stopping Protonix cleared it up.  Took 1 pill again and the asthma started again.  Too bad, I really liked this medication.
I was on the depo for about a year, everything was perfect. Then I had stopped taking birth control, went back on the patch, then I had to go back on the shot. Now, I 'm due for my third shot and I 've been bleeding for two weeks. Every time I think it 's done, I become active with my partner and it all starts coming out again! He and I have been together for a year and a half, so the only good thing about it right now is that I 'm not pregnant.
The medication was amazing. I loved how quickly it worked for my migraines. I get too many a month to use Zecuity exclusively so I saved it for the bad nausea ones. Unfortunately, the second time I used it, the patch burned a hole in my leg. When I called to report it, the company insisted it was just an allergic reaction. I literally had a chunk of skin missing and I still have a scar, several months later. The medication is great but whatever they use to push it through the skin is not good. Obviously, since it has since been recalled. Disposal of all of the materials is ridiculous. I would have driven an hour or two to the nearest speciality pharmacy to not have to deal with the delivery and packaging of the medication.
I have been on Contrave for 3 weeks. I haven 't been feeling hungry but I am very tired and painfully constipated. I plan to drop down to 2 pills to see if it makes a difference. I do like that this med has you taking a pill at night which seems to help with my binge eating rather than taking a med only in the am,
No problem with the medicine - don 't know yet how effective for bone density but it has helped my back stop hurting!
I have been on this pill for five months now going on 6.  I was on Ortho Tri-Cyclen Lo for years, almost 10, then my body started to reject it.  But I loved it.  Perfectly timed periods and no side effects whatsoever. My doctor switched me to Natazia.  Terrible.  I had terrible acne and ridiculous bloating and weight gain all in my stomach area.  I work out regularly and eat healthy.  My only vice is alcohol.  So after three months on that pill, I was switched to Safyral.  I get very bloated one week before my period.  My period is very heavy.  I get bad cramps, although this month they seem to have subsided as today is the first of my placebo pills and no cramps this month.  But I am very bloated.  Acne minimum.
I was given a starter pack of a month long supply of Strattera from my Psychiatrist. I 'm currently about two weeks in (starts you at 20mg and ends at 80mg) and the reason I am giving the drug this rating is due to me being unsure about how it 's affected me thus far. When I first started to take it my anxiety subsided and I felt normal and back on track again. This lasted for the first week. I was even able to travel alone to be with my fianc&eacute; in Mexico. I 've never traveled much, let alone by myself. I did this with ease. Now back from my trip and having increased the dosage to I believe 60 or 80 right now, I don 't feel the same. Sadly. :-( I 'm disheartened because I thought this was my cure all after a terrible winter.
I didn 't notice the heartburn until the second day of taking the medicine and it wasn 't really too bad until the fourth.. that 's when I decided to read the label.  Here 's the thing with this one, I think the main problem is the capsule and our tendency to take medicine just before going to bed - with this one that is very bad!  I can take pretty much any pill without water (I wasn 't doing that), I almost *never* get heartburn and it took me a while to figure out what was going on. Reading the pill container label it specifically tells you - do not lie down for at least 10 minutes after taking this.  That should be your first warning that this one doesn 't go down easily.  So drink plenty of water with it and be prepared for the burn.
The pen normally gets stuck in the middle of the each pens use. I normally throw away 1/4 to 1/2 of the medicine
Was effective for mood stabilization,took 400 mg 2x/day. Went off it because it caused water retention, elevated liver enzymes and mild neutropenia. Also carbamazepine interacts with lots of meds,making them ineffective (i.e. Seroquel) Depakote ER is better for me.
I found it worked quickly. It 's just irritating when you have a headache and are dizzy for a week. The constipation is uncomfortable as well.
After nine years with a fungal infection on the skin, I was given 100 MG/week for a month. I already took the last pill of the course, and all it has done so far is turn the spots pink and make them slightly bigger, and some itched more often (although one looks like it 's starting to disappear)!     But the side effects! Oh, the side effects! After the first pill, I felt extremely dizzy, headachy, and nauseous for an hour after bedtime. The next day, I had little appetite that only recovered that evening. The next two times, I took two Rolaids, which helped with the nausea. That left the headache to contend with all day the day after I took the pill.I took two ibuprofen three times to combat the headaches on the last pill. What a joke!
My large toe on my right foot just started hurting.  Throbbing pain.  Then turned red and started swelling.  Said it was infected and prescribed Reflex 500mg plus Bactrim.  I was afraid to take both at once but figured I had no choice.  3 days have passed &amp; feeling fine.  The pain is gone from my foot but it still looks disgusting.  Have a week left of both medications to go.  Can 't say how well they work yet since it I haven 't finished the prescribed dosage.  I do eat with each pill &amp; drink plenty of water.  Mostly yogurt.  I have taken Bactrim and Keflex before but never together.  Still a bit nervous on both!
I got the skyla IUD about 3 months ago and there are definitely pros and cons. the insertation was painful for maybe a minute then I had constant cramping for about a week but nothing ibuprofen and a heating pad couldn 't take care of. I had spotting for about a month (until after my first period with skyla). My boyfriend and I have not have any problems with it during sex so far. For the last few weeks i have been experiencing major fluctuations with my moods.  I 'm not 100% sure if it 's related to the iud but it 's been awful with a lot of crying randomly over dumb things and going from angry to happy and vice versa in a split second, I 'm hoping this will resolve and go away soon!
Reporting in after being off Anastrazole for three weeks. Well, my joint pain is quite a bit better! Not a cure-all so far, but it 's gone from being nearly intolerable to not so bad. I can get in and out of my car without feeling as if I am 102. Will start some exercise this week to see if that helps/hurts. See my oncologist in 2 weeks to report back to her.  Like others have said, a little scared to be off the med, but had to see if it was causing all the misery. Will post an update in hopes that it helps others.
skin burns, stomach is upset feels like a need to vomit
Did clear up the sinus infection i 've had raging for a month or so. The nausea is crippling - make sure to take it with food. Definitely experienced the metallic taste - it 's disgusting. Interacts with albuterol which is making my life a little extra hard considering that I 've had bronchitis/asthma for the past month and a half.
I took this med about 8 years ago. Don 't really remember how I felt taking it but after 2 mths and not losing any weight to warrant the purchase price of $30/mth, I stopped. I am giving it a new try. I haven 't noticed any bad side effects that stand out or bother me. I believe the med curbs cravings and I usually don 't feel like even eating dinner after work. But, that being said I haven 't lost any weight yet. I need to get my daily meals back on track and continue the med and then I will update again in 1 week.
I started taking these pills on December 2013. A month has passed and I have bad migraines that last from morning til night. I stopped taking the pills for two days and those awful headaches stopped. I did enjoy the light periods and they were short..but I 'm considering changing to a different pill because the migraines are terrible for me.
I got the Implanon birth control because I didn 't want to worry about taking a pill everyday. It only hurt a little to have it put in, but really a few hours of pain for three years of peace of mind is a small price to pay.  I 've had Implanon for almost the full three years and here are my pros and cons.  The pros: I don 't have to remember to take a pill everyday, I can have sex anytime and not worry about pregnancy, I NEVER have cramps anymore, my periods are very light and only last a few days.  The cons: my sex drive has gone down to zero (which if you never want to have sex you 're not going to get pregnant) my periods only come every couple of months (there was a span of time where I actually went seven months without a period).
It worked very well for asthma symptoms. Greatly reduced lung inflammation.  It takes quite a few weeks to reach max effectiveness.  But gave me joint aches, muscle aches and all over malaise. This is listed as an uncommon side effect so it may not affect most.
I have been on Zoloft for the past two months now, and last week went up to 100 mg from 50mg. No real great dramatic feelings of elation and euphoria. I would honestly say though that it has diminished my depression quite a bit, and I am not quite as troubled by my regrets, which really bring me down as well as the living situation I am in now.I have been struggling with suicidal thoughts for the last six months and go back and forth between wanting to just end my existence, to realizing I don 't want to end my life; I just want a higher quality of life.
This gets a rating of 5 because it is absolutely the worst tasting stuff I have ever tried to drink.   On effectiveness I would give it a 10.  The taste is horrid though.   I didn 't get stomach cramps or bloated.  Within 10 min of drinking I was on my way to the bathroom.  But the more of this 14oz I drank the harder it became.  I didn 't get it all down.  I knew my limit and if I continued I would have lost what I had already consumed.  I 'm dreading my 5am dose in the morning.
Side effect, swollen ankles.
I got the Implanon late 2009, now December 2010, I 'm debating if I want it removed. I thought this was going to be nice. A friend of mine warned me the worst was yet to come. A few months after getting it put it I experienced weight gain I 'm still dealing with this unexplainable fatigue and I 've acquired a thyroid issue as well as the non stop bleeding, almost no sex drive and I 'm only 21. I don 't know how much longer I can deal with feelings a wreck, but I have not been pregnant and that 's the only thing keeping me on this birth control.
I have been on this pill for about 6 months now. The first 3 months I was sick for the first week of every pack. The first month I had my period 2 weeks early and skipped the second month completely. Since then I 've had my period regularly. It has become very light and only last about 3 days. I experience slight cramps the first day of my cycle. Sex drive decreased the first 2 months but is normal now. I had horrible mood swings but they are settling down now. Overall, the medicine has not been too bad. A lighter period is great plus I 'm being protected. But I have heard of people having missed periods. I am currently having my 2nd missed period since starting. We use a condom too but I 'm still scared. 
This birth control has had me bleeding since December 2014. It is now June 2015. I hate this so much. My doctor didn 't even tell me this was going to happen. I went back and she said if it doesn 't stop in 6 MONTHS then I need to get it out. It has been 6 months of nonstop bleeding. &amp; now I have to get it removed. It would have been nice to have been aware of this before getting it put in. Some people bleed for a couple weeks or maybe a month and others for as long as it 's in them. I do not like this birth control at all. It has made me break out, gain weight, eat sooo much more, and I 've gone through about 7 jumbo boxes of tampons.
Helps with depression but my doc has had to increase my dose to keep up with my depression.  I guess I get used to the drug &amp; need more.  Huge weight gain -- 18 pounds over 2 months after the last increase to 120 mg.  but I guess I 'd rather be plump than crying depressed forever.  Zero libido but that might be my age (65).   I hope I can decrease the dosage as I learn to cope with specific life events largely related to my Dad 's death and my mother in a nursing home (nightmare).   No help with anxiety &amp; doc prescribed Xanax for that.  No difference in back pain.  In summary: helps depression, but I gained weight &amp; lost interest in sex &amp; other things.  Does not help pain and does nothing for my anxiety.
I got the implant in June of 2015. The first week or so was great, no spotting no worries. The next week I starting light spotting that varied- which I was told was expected and common. I was also told that after the first two months most of the symptoms would go away and the spotting would stop. It 's now been 2 months and 5 days- I 've been on my full on period since and I 'm worried these symptoms won 't stop. It 's been effective with not getting me pregnant but at this point I 'm seriously considering getting it taken out.
So for not getting pregnant, this option is great. However, if you 're hoping to be a lucky one who does not have undesirable menstrual changes, think again. Most women have issues with this aspect and I am not an exception. I 've had the implant for a full year now. I have not stopped bleeding at all.. Some days are lighter than others, but I 'm still ALWAYS bleeding and it 's very unfortunate but it 's the only method that works for my husband and I.
Omnicef worked but it took until the 5th day on it to finally feel a tiny bit better. I had some side effects and my throat hurt so bad I couldn 't sleep for three nights. I saw no visual difference until the 9th day. It almost looked as if on my third day it had gotten worse.
used primarely for anxiety and sleep.  Worked great for the first few months.  No it is inaffective and dosage needs increased.
I started this birth control 2 months ago and I have never had acne or skin problems and I 'm getting small zits/bumps/acne around my chin and jawline and I 've done a ton of research and it 's hormonal. My diet hasn 't been the best so that probably doesn 't help either. My mood has definitely levelled off and I feel more calm overall I think than my last bc but I cannot stand getting this acne I 'm developing.
I 'm on my second day. My skin was really clearing up. It has a few more pimples on it now. I 'm very upset because I want my skin to be perfect before I start high school. I hope it starts to work! Will keep posted.
My biggest complaint about this pill is that my sex drive  has disappeared. Also I feel somewhat more emotional on this pill, and my breasts feel huge.
I received my 1st Euflexxa injection today in my right knee. I 'm only 30 but have had knee problems since I was 9. I 'm now bone on bone in that knee, and my left isn 't far behind. I can 't have my Fulkerson until the last shot  6 weeks, so it 's either do the shots or live with my pain. I must say, this 1st shot has left me in a world of hurt. The shot itself was pain-free (having used ethyl chloride numbing spray) and I walked out perfectly fine. Here it is, 8 hours later and my knee hurts worse than it has in a while. I hope after I hit that 2 day mark it will get better. Only time will tell though. I just wish they 'd tell you the  '48 hour pain ' could be this severe.
I have been on it for 5 days, 2 squirts each arm. On day 3 I started feeling nausea. Day 4 I only did 1 squirt each arm and still felt the same. Day 5 I did not take any. Will try again tomorrow. My levels were 167 and I am 38 years old. I was tired all the time, gained weight, bad mood, not very happy doing things I used to enjoy. I really want this to work because I want to feel normal again. Still trying to get used to the application, works better if you use a hair dryer, dries a lot faster.
I 've been taking this pill for 15 days and have experienced break through bleeding from day 1 until now. I have mild to little cramps, some nausea but no acne or weight gain. If it wasn 't for the breakthrough bleeding I would continue this pill. I am getting married in 25 days and there is no sign of the bleeding stopping, for that reason I am very depressed and unhappy. I was not warned about these side effects before taking it. I 've tried taking it with grapefruit juice to slow down the estrogen metabolism, that didn 't work. 
I am recovering from bilateral uretal stents for 3wks and having 3 kidney stones total removed with basket. Well, this was the antibiotic of choice because I could not take Bactrim, after two doses I 'm really sick. So, my Urologist prescribed cephalexin, 3x a day 500mg.  This feeling did not start until I was done. After eating, especially diary, the bg 's would settle in and after that, all my food is dumped out of me into the toilet with little warning and No time waste getting there. No one told me I needed a probiotic, thanks to my friend nurse, a week after finishing this medication. After this explosive bm, it takes a day or so to get back to normal. So, with that being said, how do you keep this reaction from ever happening?
I took Cymbalta for 7 weeks for post-partum anxiety/depression. After the initial week of feeling nausea and fatigue, I started to feel better. I stayed on 30 mg, but found after 5 weeks I was having vivid, disturbing dreams, insomnia, sweating, and the anxiety came back. I started tapering off, and even at the low dose the withdrawls are quite uncomfortable - after tapering and stopping the drug I still get a buzz/pulse/shock like sensation in my head almost constantly after a week. Great if it helps, but hard to get off!
I 'm 22 years old and trilosprintec is the first BC which I have consistently taken, for the past 5 months. At first, my periods were totally abnormal and lasted a long time. I even had my period twice in one month. The acne is mild to low, but has only gotten worse since I 've gotten older, anyways. Most of the time when i get my period, the discharge smells horrible! Unlike any period blood ive had. Sorry if thats TMI. My sex drive is pretty much non existent. I asked my dermatologist for a low androgen BC because I have issues with hair loss and read online that it 's not good to take high androgen BC when dealing with it.  Hair loss has not changed. Physician is switching me to Gildess 1/20 &amp; I 'm scared. Wish me luck!
I have a herniated cervical disk which pinches a nerve sending excruciating pain down my neck, through left shoulder and all the way down my arm. Before my diagnosis, I could only lay on my back as if paralyzed. I am currently taking 75mg Lyrica with Metoclopramide (4 times a day), along with 100mg Tramacet (Tramadol) ER (once a day). I also take 37mg Tramadol IR whenever I have breakthrough pain. This is the minimum I need to function, but it does allow me to work and improves my overall mood. Both the Lyrica and Tramacet seem pretty weak. I will see my doctor about increasing the doses or changing meds for better relief. I am 58 and new to chronic pain. I am working in Japan and must renew my prescription every 2 weeks.
Okay sooo... I got Skyla inserted in the beginning of January. It is now MARCH 13th and I 've literally had my period since February 6th. I know periods will be irregular the first couple months but mine literally has not stopped. Every single day.. blood. It 's not very fun and it a mood killer for sex so here I am. Debating what to do...
So, my experience with plan b one step. Right now, I am not sure if it work or not. Last month in January, I had to take plan one step twice. Mistake happen 2 weeks apart. First mistake, took the pill 9 hrs after sex, and Second mistake, took the pill 5 hrs after sex. The 2 times I took it, I spotted a couple of days after. Right now, I am still waiting for my period. Been having a sour stomach, nausea, burping, for awhile. And time to time sore breast. Still no period. Hoping the pill worked. 4 negative pregnancy test. Having really bad anxiety panic attacks. :(Praying the pill 's work!
Love Mobic, but it gave me stomach ulcers. At first I thought I had heartburn until everything started to make me sick. I also worry about the damage it does to your liver. Now I have to decide which is worse, pain or being sick to my stomach, because Mobic is the only thing that keeps me going. Best since Vioxx and we know where that went.
I was prescribed 10mg Flexeril after pulling an abdominal muscle which lead to spasms.  The Flexeril made the pain and spasms stop but gave me severe dry mouth and made me so dizzy I couldn 't get to sleep.
I have been taking Hydroxyzine 25mg for several years now and it does make my panic attacks stop no matter how bad they are, however they completely knock me for a loop. I was taken down to half a pill and then quarter but it still makes me so tired and out of it that I fall asleep or feel like I am in a total daze. I can not drive or even leave the house after I have to take a pill. Just a warning to anyone who is taking these pills for the first time, make sure you do not have to go anywhere or do anything (including taking care of children) before you know how you are going to react to these pills.
So it worked... I normally suffer from motion sickness in cars, if I 'm not driving. I decided to put the patch on before a 14 hour long international flight... I didn 't suffer from any motion sickness but it made me illiterate!  I could see fine except for letters and numbers (or basic shapes). So I get to the airport at my destination in Uganda and going through customs I needed to fill out a basic form about the reason for my visit etc... only I couldn 't read it to save my life! I 'd use it again in an emergency but be aware of the potential side effects.
While effective as birth control, I had some bad side effects.  I took Yaz for three years and had an increasing number of issues.  All the issues I contributed to something other than Yaz until reading some forums where people were having similar problems.  Some side effects I experienced were weight gain, severe depression, nightmares, severe migraines, and heartburn.  Today my doctor switched me to Aviane. I will take my first pill in about fifteen minutes so I hope that it works for me.I think everyone needs to remember that each person 's body chemistry is different so each type of medication will affect everyone differently.  I think its pretty much trial and error to find the perfect pill for your body.
No huge side effects yet. Just took third dose. I already have anxiety so that side effect I can deal with. Hoping my UTI will start clearing up soon. This is my first time taking this drug. I will comment back with results and updates in a few days. 30 year old male.
I 've been on this medication for about two weeks. Since starting, I 've had very increased anxiety, a dull headache every day in my temples, and restless sleep/resulting extreme fatigue. The medication has not had any impact on my very moderate acne. I have noticed some water retention/bloating as well. I 'm going to finish the month out, but the side effects I 've experienced so far are not at all worth continuing to take this. I am so tired on a daily basis that I can barely function, due to the inability to sleep soundly, even when taking a sleep aid.
My wife (74) has been taking Namenda since the first diagnosis of Alzheimers two years ago.  She also takes any supplement that promises to help retain or improve memory.  Her memory has stayed about the same or gotten a little worse in that time. She has also taken Aricept during the same period.
I started taking adipex two weeks ago and lost 8 first week. I haven 't lost anything since. I do not have more energy and in fact get tired mid day. I actually can 't even tell that I am taking it. I do eat less but that is about it and have dry mouth.I found a coupon online for Kroger and it only cost me $10.88 for a 1 month supply
Im 14 year old girl &amp; I 'm on ortho tri cyclen (which is basically the same thing just cheaper) it 's been 2 months &amp; it 's been the same.. hasn 't gotten any better. I have tiny little pimples on my forehead WHICH HAS NEVER HAPPENED BEFORE. And more breakouts on my cheeks. But I haven 't gave the medication enough time, I 'm gonna give it 1-2 more months like people/Doctor are saying &amp; report back.!!Side note: drink a lot of water, workout, eat healthy, sleep well, and change pillow cases. Don 't touch face, stick to a routine, don 't put 10000 products on your face, try not to stress, and smile more. ( if you already do all of the above then your acne is hormonal and its out of control like mine.. Which is why I started taking birth control
I have been smoking since I 've been 14 years old.  I 'm now 53.in the past I have tried quitting SO many times.  I have a lung disease &amp; my Drs have warned me to quit. My next step will be toting around a oxygen tank with m, .now I 'm serious. I first started on the patches which I became allergic to. I 've been on chantix for 5 days now &amp; so far I 'm doing better with all my withdrawals then I expected.I must quit! chantix will allow me to!
Hi. Mother of 5 at 24 and was not planning on having any more kids, so I got the Implanon put in before I got discharged from hospital after the birth of my 5th child. Its only been 3 months and I have gained 4 kilos. Can 't seem to manage my appetite and I 'm always moody. To top it all off I bleed constantly. I get my period twice in one month. Definitely going to get it removed.
It certainly keeps it from being worse but still doesn 't nip it totally in the bud no matter how soon you take it.  I 'm grateful this last bout didn 't end up on the skin, but even though I took it within minutes of feeling just the tingling, it still sprouted. Could have been worse I guess. I am thankful I had it in stock.
My 2nd night with Xyrem was last night. I was not expecting an overnight miracle, but I was thinking it would have been different. No side effects. Tired, but hopeful for these next couple weeks.
I have moderate acne on my face, chest, and back. My dermatologist recommended this. It definitely cleared up my face but my chest, back, neck, and shoulders are twice as bad than before. I decided it wasn 't worth it and just stuck to the creams I have been prescribed.
I was put on Tri Sprintec when I started getting my periods every two weeks, and was on it for three months. It fixed my period problem, but I had never had a problem with acne until starting this. My acne got so much worse and would clear up instantly once I started the sugar pills. I went from a D to a DD which is kind of annoying but I didn 't gain much weight at least. The worst part, however, was the tenderness in my breasts, it was horrible. Painful to the touch, running or going to the gym was horribly uncomfortable. Just like the acne, during the fourth week on sugar pills the pain disappeared only to return again with a new pack. 
I have been on clarithromycin for about 4 days now. It gives me a terrible taste in my mouth. I 'm constantly thirsty, which leads to frequent bathroom breaks and the second night I was up most of the night sleeping very lightly and having anxiety. I haven 't slept well at all in the 4 days that I have taken it and I notice its causing my heart to palpitate. I have a terrible sinus infection and do want to stop the medicines, but I feel like a zombie and I 'm looking quite pale. 
Been taking this medication for almost a week. I felt relief almost immediately after taking the medication. Right now, after six days of taking it I 'm up with the runs. Ughhhh, stomach cramps, and runny bowel motions.
I take Vesicare for bladder spasms/irritable bladder. Vesicare has helped with the spasms, but I have blurred vision, and fatigue. I am going to continue to take Vesicare at this time, but I am thinking I am going to have to do something different soon.
Was prescribed this medication 3 times in 2 years for BV. Ugh, I HATE BV with a passion. Currently, this makes my third time taking it. The first time made me extremely sick. I lost the urge to eat and always just felt like throwing up any and everything. It got rid of the BV but caused a yeast infection. The second time I took this caused more extreme nausea. The nausea was so bad that I couldn 't finish the last pill. I was the definition of sick. This is the third time around with this medication. It 's only my second day and I 'm about to puke as we speak. Also, for the first time while on this medication I am experiencing diarrhea. I was NOT expecting this and I 'm debating on finishing the rest of my pills. Overall, you 're sick but cured.
Terrible experience using this medication in combination with Cipro.  Took for a week.  Developed nausea, sore throat and horrible taste in mouth.  Had to call for nausea medication and then developed oral thrush in mouth and had to get a prescription for another medication for that.  I do think it effective, but would not want to take again.
Finished the treatment. Killed the virus but I lost all motivation. I was very active and athletic before treatment, but lost all motivation after treatment. Experienced insomnia during and after treatment. I had the feeling of being malnourished despite eating very healthy diet during treatment and somewhat still. I finished my treatment almost a year ago. Not totally happy with this drug.
I struggle with the choice of Clonazepam, or Diazepam. I can feel the difference between the two. Valium is a much calmer drug.
I took two pills along with 4 teaspoons of Castor oil about 2.5 hours ago.  Still waiting.  Hoping I didn 't screw up to bad by taking both, and two dulcolax pills...we will see
I 've used the brand name &quot;Percocet 7.5&quot; before, and it worked very well.  But, I was recently diagnosed with a pinched nerve in my neck and was having severe pain with it and was prescribed Percocet and was given this generic brand &quot;Endocet&quot;.  Even though it 's a higher dosage, 10mg, it doesn 't work near as well.  I 'm having to take 1 &amp; 1/2 pills to get any relief.  I wonder if there are different companies (and how many) that make Percocet generic brands?  I 've found the same problem with Ultram/tramadol 50mg.  Some of the generic brands just don 't work for me at all, but there is one specific generic tramadol that does work very good for me, which is the one my pharmacist knows to give me when filling my script.
Invega has helped me greatly, but the side effects were pretty harsh.
I got the Implanon implanted in December 2009 and at 1st I hated it. Now after a year I 'm starting to like it. For the 1st 6 or 7 months my periods were irregular and almost constant. I also gain 30pounds. My skin has always had problems with eczema, but once I went on this birth control it went crazy with rash covering my whole body. Now that I 've had it for more then 9 months I have my complete sex drive back, bleeding has come more regular but still kind of crazy, my skin has cleared up and I 'm feeling less depressed. So I agree with most of the doctors when they say stick it out because it does it better and with all the side effects it has given me I still think it is better than having to take a pill every day.
I have been taking valium for 15 years for sleep and anxiety 15-30mg.  This drug has worked good through the years but I have begun to notice memory and balance issues so I decided to get off of it. The first time I quickly tapered and one night I awoke to a racing heart beat, tremors, &amp; an intense feeling like my head, face, &amp; back were on fire. I had to go back on because of this. Now I 'm doing a slow taper so far have gone from 15mg to 7.5mg over 4 months. Going from 15-10mg was easy but going under 10mg has been very difficult at times. For years I was very much positive about this drug but I do not think you should take it for more than a month unless you just have to have it. Just be careful withdrawals can kill.
I had to stop taking Savella when titrating to 100 mg daily because my normally low normal blood pressure skyrocketed. Just prior to that it caused blurred vision and migraines. I reported the side effects to the FDA. I have a long history of fibromyalgia, 16 spinal disc bulges and herniations, polyarthralgias, arthritis and severe myofascial syndrome. Now, several months later I am willing to try another trial because the Savella is the only thing that helped me.  I bought a blood pressure cuff and will monitor my pressure daily and will not go beyond 50 - 75 mg/day if I get relief. Hopeful.
I 'm on my second week of Accutane 40mg. So far no side effects or initial breakout. My lips are dryer but easily fixable with Chapstick. I 've been using jojoba oil as a moisturizer as well. I 've had extremely minor pimples appear and then go away immediately and no scarring. So far it 's been great and hopefully continues to do so!
I used this medication for 28 days for PEP.  While I have tested negative at 6 weeks, I have had the side effects of neuropathy (felt like Reynaud 's syndrome) and reversible kidney stress (decreased potassium and phosphate, elevated creatinine).I believe this may be due to mitochondrial dysfunction, with many references to support this
I have noticed extreme weight gain since being on this medication! Almost 40 lbs in 3 months! Blood Pressure is good but the weight is not!
Lamictal is a great medication for the depressive side of my bipolar 1 disorder, but try as I may, it is not a good mono-therapy, meaning I can 't take it alone.  I need another mood stabilizing medication with it or it causes anxiety and irritability to worsen.  I 'm giving it 7 of 10 stars because it doesn 't work for bipolar 1 as a mono-therapy and has effected my memory and ability to recall words and to read quickly.  Side effects for me are reading difficulty, memory issues, and break through anxiety and irritability.
This medication helped me to stop smoking because I didn 't have the cravings. It didn 't help with the habit part but that just took a little devotion. 
On my second week of Contrave, and I have experienced bad headaches, to the point I am taking exedrine migraine every couple of hours. I have dry mouth but that 's a good thing, because I used to hardly drink water and now I drink a lot. I did notice that the cravings went away, sweets no longer call my name. I am going to continue to take the medication and see how it goes. I also called for the scale down program to get the free scale, and never received it.
I have taken Depo-Provera now for 4 years. It took care of the severe pain, cramping, and hot flashes. I have also not had a period since or even spotted. Although it has helped positively with these things there are negative side effects. I gain and plateaued at a whopping 57 pounds. I gained the first 25 pounds in the first 3 months, keeping in mind that I had not changed eating habits or exercise, and now I have stretch marks from the rapid weight gain. All I can say is to try it yourself, this is just how it affected me.
I switched to Ocella after taking Yaz for 3months. I have PCOS as well. Ocella worked wonderfully in clearing my skin, and it gave me a 7-day period (instead of the constant flow). That was a relief. But, I had bad side effects that caused me to ask for a change in medication after 3 or 4 months using it. I didn 't realize they were connected to birth control at first, but now it 's obvious with timing. I get debilitating migraine headaches during the first few days of the placebo week (from hormone drop), and the week before my period I have severe constipation, which affects my body image (I feel unattractive). It also has me very depressed a week before, too. And this last month, I started spotting 2 weeks in.
I had Nexplanon put in early last September. For the first few months everything was great: no bleeding at all. Around December I began to experience some truly terrible side effects. I began to bleed constantly and my sex drive basically disappeared. I gained ten pounds that I can 't seem to shake; despite GAINING weight, my breasts have SHRUNK over a cup size. Needless to say my self confidence markedly decreased. By late April, I had enough and got the implant removed. My hormone levels still don 't seem to have returned to normal yet.I personally know many people who had great experiences, but Nexplanon was HORRIBLE for me.
I was placed on the generic of Prozac 6 weeks ago. I have social anxiety (always have) and my doctor told me that it was related to an OCD/depression and could possibly be PTSD. All of this confused me but made sense at the same time because I have always suspected all of these. She told me prozac would greatly help with my anxiety problems. Since being on prozac the only changes I have really noticed are extreme fatigue during the day, lessened appetite (which is good because I have been overeating for a while), and I feel like it has helped my relationship a bit. I don 't seem to get as agitated as fast (but i have bad days sometimes).  I do however feel like I zone out a lot now and forget what I 'm saying sometimes.
I got skyla thinking it would be the best birth control not so much. The insertion was painful and went home with slight cramps. Spotting only lasted for 6 weeks but within the last 4 months I have gained 15 pounds which is very bad. But not having to worry about taking a pill is good. But before you make the decision on this birth control use some other options first because this should be the last option. Will be getting this removed very  soon not liking my weight gain.
Let me start off by saying that this rating is solely based on my insertion experience. After my OBGYN inserted the IUD, I felt nauseous then fainted. Everything was blurry and my arms/fingers went numb. It only lasted 15 minutes but this is called a vasovagal attack where your blood pressure drops due to a neurological shock. Only small percentage experience it, but it can still happen. Some words of advice:1. Have someone go with you! My husband insisted he come incase my body reacted badly. Thank goodness he did as I was in no shape to drive after 2. Take ibuprofen 30 min before insertion3. Schedule appt during your menstrual cycle (more dilated cervix)I 'm better now, just managing the abdomonal pain with ibuprofen and lots of rest
I am 23 years old, I had Skyla inserted yesterday (1/12/16) after being on birth control pills since I was 15 with medical conditions I had to change and Skyla per my doctor was the best fit for me. Insertion took all of 3 minutes, but it was painful. The worst part for me personally was when my doctor measured my cervix which the doctor said my cervix was extremely tight. I took 4 200mg Ibuprofen beforehand and this did not help. Once measuring was complete and I was ready the insertion took all of 20 seconds and I barely felt it at all. After completion I had to lay there for at least 10 minutes from the extreme cramps I got afterwards. Once home the cramps did not let up at all. Feeling much better today (1/13) Will follow up.
I take this drug for my back pain with other pain killers and I find this drug very good
I got the nexplanon jan 2013 the first month I bleed none stop then my body got use to it and I would get my period every month.I. had this birth control for two years and let me tell u it made me mad crazy I cried for no reason I had horrible mood swing horrible migrains I got super depress Got acne. I finally couldn 't take it so I when and took it out and I feel better now ..I liked the fact I didn 't get pregnant and didn 't have to worry about taking any thing. But the side effects just where to much for me
Highly recommend chilling the liquids and drinking through a straw. Sips of ginger ale in between. Took at 6 pm started working at 9:15. Triedeverything I could think of to get things going. Hot water with lemon juice finally got things moving.
I used this and got itchy all over. I developed red blotches all over my body and it looked like hives. When I stop taking it I get all itchy. 
Made me feel like I had flu like symptoms.
I have been on this medication for about 4 months now. When I first started taking it, it knocked me out hard and when I woke up I could barely walk straight. I was so dizzy and off balance it scared me. My doctor told me that it is normal and to just stick through it. I felt better the 2nd and 3rd month, while it didn&rsquo;t take away my panic/anxiety disorder it did help a little bit. Now I&rsquo;m on month 4, I have been having panic attacks in the middle of the night. I get weird panic Attacks which shows in uncomfortable physical symptoms. I am now going back to the doctor to see if there is anything else I can do to improve or change my medication. This did help me get off Xanax 0.25-0.5 mg for 3 months but now I need it again occasionally.
